and an outstanding writer on music.
Oh and before I forget, our special sister, Deb’, well she requested we ordered her a new sim card, she wanted to make sure her soon to be ex-husband couldn’t text or ring her so that was organised, although ironically, whilst standing in the O2 shop, he rang and we hung up on him 3 times within a matter of minutes before removing the battery and sim card and oops he can’t contact her again on there, whoopee.
‘I want a girl who got a badonkadonk.’
so many into thinking he could manage the world’s largest economy,
Anyhow...
Police Sirens can already be heard, as she starts the car and with a…
Below are a few pictures from my camera lens of Hong Kong during this festival -
Right here we have a cross-pollination of a zombie flick, jungle action, Rambo shoot-em-up, voodoo horror and Friday the 13th gore job. This is like a discount closeout at the Everything Must Go Cliche Store with macho mercenaries, damsels in distress, harrowing escapes, creatures leaping out of the shadows, shocking bloody effects and an ending that is as nihilistic as it is stupid. It's like the film-makers had to do something with all of these leftovers from every other movie made in 1989 so they lumped them all in here, slapped a title on it and hoped for the best.
I know I started this blog as my journey through the wonders of cake decorating, but when I feel depressed I don’t feel like baking, and if I don’t feel it, it looks s#!+ lol.
parfumeurs - boulangers.
They've flashed their bums! It's shocking the things people'll get up to now it's 1977. I've got a good mind to ring Mary Whitehouse. Wherever will this Rock and Roll anarchy end? I predict, if it's not checked, it'll end with people wearing meat bikinis. And I'm making that prediction in 1977.
“I hope through my practices to honor the women, children and men who have lost their lives and who are struggling to survive now,” said Nancy, a resident of Roswell, Ga. “My daily journey will be much easier than theirs. But, I live in a society where people die from obesity and obesity related issues – we die from too much. They die from not enough…”
Once it is grinded well add the broken cashews and shape it to small balls. Sounds tricky, but when you shape it, you will find it very easy. Not only during navrathri festival, it can be prepared once a week to have healthy snack.
get to grips with the smooth surface
"You are the poorest, but also the richest," he said to her. "Come with me. You shall be my bride."
Here is Block #1 of the Vintage Rouge 6 month BOM program by Marcus Brothers.
For the past several years, I have celebrated Chinese New Year in my classroom. My school has a decent number of Chinese children, and I always have a couple in my class. Their faces light up when they find out we are spending the day learning about their culture.
If that happened here?
Port Brewing Company / Pizza Port Older Viscosity
Anyway D has started his English today. I have a range of things from Teacher Created Resources which we can use. The idea is he never gets bored of one thing so we have enough different types of work to have a change. He asked for Paired passages and Document Based Critical Thinking and we also have From Sentences to Paragraphs, Grammar Grade 5-6 and Scientific comprehension. I also bought a thematic unit on the Mayans as its something we touched on last year but didn't do much about.
I turned to the only place I could. To some online acquaintances that Tim and I had known from our early spiritual/shamanistic/dream-time healing experiences. I didn't stay with them long, either, because some of their methods were those that were forceful and uninvited by myself... but there was this one guy, named Jack.
Let me dry mine.
When I created this blog six years ago, I remember sitting with a blank mind in front of a blank screen. What do I write? What do I title my blog? How do I sum up what I have yet to write? Somehow, the phrase, “somewhere in-between” emerged from my hovering fingertips. Where it came from I still do not know. At the time, I had a sense that I was living a nomadic lifestyle, wandering without a map. I felt like I was somewhere in-between homes, and somewhere in-between a child and a parent.
Her son was served with a civil claim – a “warrant in debt” from the county for $397 dollars – almost seven months after paying $190 in fines and court costs for his reckless driving.
To dance and make merry and steal the unwary!
As an inspirational speaker and business coach I get the wonderful opportunity to work and interact with many entrepreneurs and small business owners across the country. I am energized as I connect with people who are pursuing their dreams of personal economic empowerment. Even if their business is not where they desire it to be when we initially meet, hope gleams in their eyes and they have the expectation of a bright future.
MLA: What harm does this do?
So, this is what is on my sleek, shiny, new refrigerator. I’ve only been here since October, and my kitchen now feels like me.
Wings--5507-T, 5527-T
submerged in the bewildering velocity,
The rains caused all of these to bloom at once. I like the abstract composition that I captured. I was on a step ladder looking across my backyard fence in order to take the shot. We have become a hothouse climate now with 80 degrees F. daily.
It's no secret I lost friends over the split and that's cool
This is a test recipe for Isa's upcoming cookbook, so you know the drill -- we can't give out the recipe.
End scene and fade to black.
In addition to naming Bennett to the Director post, Beam also named long-time employees Linda Hayes, as the Center’s Trade and Hospitality Manager, and Debbie Faust as Still House and Outpost Manager. Hayes, a Beam veteran with more than 30 years at the company, will oversee the overall visitor experiences for special guests. Faust, who started as the Beam Outpost Manager in 2006, will oversee the Center’s retail operation.
inventory stocked.
This is but the tip of the iceberg. For 500+ more examples of savage genocidal Black-on-White racism, please visit http://www.dienuwesuidafrika.com/
Muscadine grapes are more than just a grape with a mucous-y texture, a fruit that rolls around in your mouth like a skin covered eyeball.
He and his other members had been through hell training for 5 years,
I also LOVED seeing how loyal and caring Tod is in this book. It just caused major "aww!" from me - even if he was less caring about what Kaylee and Nash had to risk to help Addy. And oooh, scary when he doesn't tell her how bad her injury could get, and how he dealt with John Dekker. But I think it shows just how he treats people who hurt those he loves, and some foresight to what will eventually happen.
- Heightened sense of smell. Have you got a dog? It’ll need a bath. Have you got a rug? It’ll need thrown out. Does your partner smoke? You’ll need a new one (just kidding). This works hand in hand with the IdontwanttomovetoofastasIfeellikeImaybesickbutinrealityIwillprobablyjustwretchalittleallday sickness. All of those smells that you may have once quite liked will be more potent than you could ever imagine and more than likely make you feel sick.
I hope that's wetted you appetite. They really are beautiful stamps to play with and very versatile as you can see. There are a lot of separate images that build up into any scenes your imagination can create. I've just coloured some with promarkers and of course the messy distress inks had an outing too.
We wrapped up at the bandstand, a big "Hey, that's our show, we'll be going to more breweries, bars, and festivals, watch for us, I'm gonna go blog now" and a big wet kiss for craft brewing and the folks who love it. Then Mike got his laptop from the car so we could get some shots of me typing away, and...well, I promised I'd blog about it, so I'm blogging. And the show...will be on air soon. More about that shortly. Cheers!
Sara Finds a Mitzva by Rebeka Simhaee with illustrations by Michael Weber
(The Bible, Genesis 11: 1-10)
This time he managed to pull himself upright, but he quickly fell right into bed and was sound asleep the second his head hit the pillow.
If you missed it, I'm hosting this amazing giveaway right now! You can go check out details about how to enter HERE!
Is embracing fully all of ones desires the “dangerous method”? Carl Jung has a brief encounter with renegade psychologist, Otto Gross (Vincent Cassel), whose own philosophy of life is simply if the mind, heart, or flesh desires it act on it. He says this as one who has impregnated multiple women all of which he has abandoned. In the end, Jung’s relationship with Sabina isn’t freeing, but constricting. The immediate feelings of immense pleasure go away and the affair has ugly, dangerous ramifications on both Sabina and Jung’s life.
Laura remained still, in the armchair next to the door, just watching, carefully.
I’ve always disliked the mantra that you could die tomorrow so live for today, because it makes people not consider consequences and it leads to lonely, small and selfish people. But doing too much to aid the advent of tomorrow is equally poor planning and worrying about whether or not you’re doing enough can undermine the intended effect through stress.
I have no idea why they invited me to join them--or maybe I invited myself because that sounds like something I would do--but I'll tell you this, those women taught me more about mothering than any book ever could because between them they had, oh I don't know, a hundred million years of parenting experience and it doesn't get more real than that. Each of them was vivacious and dynamic and interestingly, we met for lunch at a place called, "Smoky Davis" famous for its smoked meat sandwiches.
Please contact me if you have any questions, concerns or difficulties accessing DreamBox Learning at home.
April 7– Monday– Washington, D.C.– Lord Lyons, the British Minister, reports to the Foreign Secretary regarding the treaty on cooperation in suppression of the slave trade. “I have . . . this morning signed the Treaty; and I have, in deference to Mr. Seward’s opinion, admitted the Clause limiting the duration. . . . the Senate does not always confine itself to ratifying or rejecting a Treaty absolutely. It very frequently makes amendments or alterations. It appears, therefore, to be more consistent with the Dignity of the Queen, that even if Her Majesty approve of the Treaty as it stands, Her Ratification should not be given, until it is certain that the President has been authorised by the Senate to give the Ratification of the United States.”
The favorite dessert is prepared using yeast or baking powder and baking soda. But now I tried using active dry yeast. It turns out so soft and delicious. After fermented, the batter becomes very thick so you need to add extra water otherwise it was unable to spread. Once the bubbles appear, drizzle with butter, sprinkle with ground peanut and sugar, continue cooking until the bottom turns golden brown, fold in half.
-Jim Tiroch
It's not so much I am missing you.
It's really amazing to me to watch these children of mine grow. Seeing the Pookie go through phases that his sister went through before him, reminds me of how far she's come. Which in turn, reminds me of how far the Pookie's come and where he still will go.
He added: "If that wasn’t enough, once in the cell at the police station, a Muslim policeman came to him and asked him if he is Muslim and if he is gay, to which he replied yes. He was beaten up some more."
No cracks of light
Seriously, I’ve been having this blog for maybe two months, so I’m kinda still new to here, but still kinda not getting if this thing even have any algorithm or logic to it. You write for an hour getting deep into your thoughts and emotions, getting serious and concentrated, trying to really create something useful and interesting, something responsive that will be true to yourself and important for others, you feel like open up, talking deep out of your soul. You wrote it, you feel really good about it, oh no, even more, you’re proud of it! And so you post it. Aaaaaand….. nothing happens! It gets 10 views for the whole day, a couple of likes and a big ‘meh’ from deep out of your soul. You almost hear those quirky sarcastic laughs inside of your head.
2010.08.26 Thailand Yala 1 0 Muslim terrorists gun down a Buddhist railway worker.
Don and I went out the see him run and pass the flame to the next torch bearer. It was an exciting and much more emotional moment that I had anticipated.
Will: I was very mature for my age.
Will he love me?
“Stop your fucking singing Greenie or I’m taking that thing off you”.
I worship and make offerings to my gods because I believe them to be worthy of my praise, my love, my adoration. I honor them not even because they wish it, not really. I honor them because I honor who they are, what they represent, because they are worthy of my time, my work, of all I can offer and so much more. I honor them because they are a part of me.
If you recall, I was injured after completing the Army 10 Miler back in October. I had high hopes that it would be a quick recovery, but that was not the case. I ended up giving up on all running, and pretty much any other form of exercise as well. It was all just too painful. I started in with the chiropractor. I was saved by one many years ago when I was dealing with intense back pain, so I thought it would be a good idea to try it again. After many months, I am happy to say I'm back to being pain free. I still go to the chiropractor, but I'm now down to once every other week.
You can make calls, browse the web and snap photos with it but this sleek black touchscreen phone isn’t the first BlackBerry 10 phone we’ll see around autumn 2012.
What a woman won't do, won't get done.
30 Laurence Vanay - La Grand-Voile
and the Ingersoll household will not be the same without him!!!
Hi! My name is Yara Freytes, and I am very excited to be designing for The (Paper) Trail Makers. I live in Puerto Rico with my husband and our two boys, Luis (6 years old) and Diego (5 years old). I have a BS in Chemical Engineering, but currently I am a happy Stay at Home Mom. I started scrapping on 2003, when I had been on bed rest from the pregnancy of my first child, and I had not been able to stop. I love it! Love to document my family stories and travels.
The criminals and gangs of New York City had little respect for the Watchmen, who numbered only 30-40 in the entire city. The Watchmen were considered not to be very bright, nor very ambitious, and were known to be frequently drunk on duty. Each Watchmen had a post, or watch-box, which consisted of an un-anchored wooden shack, where they would frequently fall asleep on duty, usually after consuming huge amounts of whiskey. A favorite activity of the young ruffians throughout the city, was to catch a Watchmen sleeping in his watch-box, lasso the watch-box with a rope, and drag it through the streets, whooping and hollering like banshees. The soon-to-be-famous writer Washington Irving was known to be one of those pranksters.
There is a question I would like to ask Mr Meir.
Very soon, though, this blog will rev back to life in ways it never has. I have big plans for it, and hopes and dreams, almost as big as those for my novels and plays. I will keep you posted, so look for me in a week or two!
It was then that I realized, regardless of the biopsy results... whatever was in my lungs, was there, the only thing that was up to me, was how I was going to deal with that.
I know white phones are a bit ‘ooh look at me’ but I felt like I wanted a change from the usual black colour of my Desire S. So anyway, I didn’t go for it in the end. I think I’m going to hold out and see what Samsung have to offer with the Samsung Galaxy S3 handset which will hopefully be officially announced on the 22nd May.
Thriller - exciting
Since I am preparing for a vending in central NY the weekend of June 9 (huh? what? more later) AND leaving for CA on June 8 for my granddaughter's HS graduation I figured I'd better get these submissions done sooner rather than later.
I will be honest, this program is one of the most complicated things I have built yet. In the beginning I was panicking because I didn't know if I have taken on more work than I was truly ready for. But at the same time, I knew that my team was counting on me for this. By the second week of the project I was already burying myself in articles, research papers, forums and my own little testing framework to make sure I get every little detail right for this thing. From how security will perform if someone were to try and hack it to the minor click of a button on a panel. I wanted to ensure that everything would be to the best of my minor ability. This is obviously a much bigger challenge when you are working along. But it's not like I had a choice in the matter.
As designers and personalities, John and Raf are chalk and cheese. While John Galliano is a dramatic, historical dress-loving romantic and rough diamond geezer genius, Raf Simons is - according to those I've spoken to who have worked directly with him - a clinically organised, philosophically minded and deeply emotional man who relishes process and is in a thrall to form, contemporary art and modernity.
Elder abuse victims often live in silent desperation, fearing retaliation from their abusers. Many times, it takes the courage of a family member or loved one to take action and stop the abuse. Earlier this summer, Senior Community Centers staff shared information on recognizing and preventing elder abuse:
Well we are now in August... where has this year gone?
Needless to say, this pseudo-Islam which is being promoted by this Saudi sheikh, which dreads telling oppressors "you are oppressor" for fear of fitna is what makes adulterers and sodomites rule with an iron fist the land of Islam in Mecca and Madina and surrender Muslim sovereignty to the United States on a silver platter. They simply have a sheepish people that is told it is haram to criticize the decadent and oppressive rulers, let alone demonstrate against them. It is very much like the people of the Pharaoh who as the Quran said led his people to hellfire because they refused to rise up against him.
I know I've been a blog slacker on this blog. What can I say? I only have time to write this right now because I'm in a hotel room with nothing else to do. I coach my son's high school aged FTC Robotics team and we're going to the State championships tomorrow. So I have a few minutes to post. But the last few months have been total chaos.
2 motion
One of the things I loved upon first seeing the Birth Centre back in 2009 was that the walls were covered with thank you notes and photos of pregnant mamas, proud parents and adorable babies. I've just managed to get around to adding my own to the collection.
There is a steady pressure, piston-like, that is slowly eroding privacy, simply because those exerting it think that they can. The risks, according to one person are: ”They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety.” B. Franklin
That girl has got some go-go gadget arms on her and that boy has an extremely short-term memory problem!
And just take a look at what our wonderful Magnolia DT members have made for this challenge. You can find all our blogs on the sidebar and see more gorgeous Magnolia creations! Please take a few minutes to leave them a comment, that sure will be appreciated.
No. of Parking slots : approximately 1,400 slots (68%)
Now, we may not know each other very well, but lets be serious...I am going for the Obsessed level (reading 20 e-books in a year). Do I think I can do it?! UH, Yeah!
As I watched the line progress slowly down the aisle, each person taking great care in placing a flower on Kristi’s memorial cross, I thought of simpler times. Happier times. When we were little and she was still alive. We shouldn’t have all been gathered there to mourn someone so young and so full of life. She wasn’t ready to go. She had plans. She was going to make something of herself. And yet…
before I had gone a block. My jacket
I just had to promise not to deface...sorry, customise...them before this weekends preview. Speaking of which...
"I'm ... okay," I slowly answered.
Now that you've arrived the days are flying off the calendar so quickly that I haven't even had a chance to blog but once so far this month and it's already the tenth! For some reason at the beginning of this deployment time just seemed to drag on and on. Maybe because it's a much longer deployment than last time, but for whatever reason it just seemed to take FOREVER!!!!
And then I heard the father talk.
So I took a look, well best beloved, it certainly was that, given that she had eaten half the salad already before the picture below was taken. Seeing what chilli remained I would reckon she had eaten a whole chilli by that point, no wonder the poor dear was sweating like a horse. Still the removal of the rest of the chilli, a walk round the paddock and the swift administration of a medicinal pint of 1664 cooled her down swiftly.
5.) Shane Raynor - In my opinion, Shane sets the standard for what Methodist blogs ought to look like. Great style and mucho user-friendliness.
On Sunday mornings, most kids woke up to the smell of pancakes bacon and eggs. Growing up, I awoke to the smell of tomatoes and garlic. My mom always had a huge pot of sugo (Italian pasta sauce) cooking.
Chief of Defence Staff General Sir David Richards said he was "deeply saddened" by the news.
My five year relationship ended, I can no longer trust, feel comfortable or believe what we had was real because he broke our bond, my trust, and my soul when I found out who he really was. I said I would never allow anyone to change my love, but he did. I have not been the same since. I used to be light, care feel, optimistic, believing the world will be good to you if you set out to only put positive things into. When my relationship came crushing down, I had no one I could go to and talk about my feelings with. I kept everything inside for months and I grew bitter, angry, suspicious that everyone who smiled in my face was hurting me behind my back.
But if you vote yes, I’ll forgive you. I just want to point out the problems before it all gets set in stone. We can always get rid of the bits that don't work at the next AGM.
I didn't stay distracted for long. The music, people, pageantry, warm weather and sunshine snapped me right back and if that weren't enough, some young brothers came by with free Red Velvet cupcakes. And ya know what? Just as the box came my way a group of old ladies bum-rushed and all I got was a good look. But a good look it was.
To whistle that the line had passed ….
The pain that is coused here is too unbearable. something must be done about it. my heart bleeds for this family- wich will have a heavy future. May god protect us from those Unhuman Living things wich act worse then animals.
I was packing the boys lunch for school one morning and I look over while they are eating their breakfast and they are praying together for their food. And praying that they would be blue birds...not sure what that was about, but still sweet!
We have become a society that is so reliant on the Web that nearly everyone is lost, or bordering on death by boredom, without it. Now, I could set myself a goal and say “no internet for a day” to try and prove myself wrong… except I know that I would only drive myself crazy and end up failing miserably.
Basically, the excess safety could help you, and your own property get enough rest during the night time, despite looking at a difficult film. Just emphasize your kids which the digital cameras are looking out for aliens, if the view of digital cameras at home could shock them.
Planning gives purpose and direction to your daily activities. Without it, your activities are aimless and uncoordinated. Whether you are a start-up business or a growing business, if you have not developed a plan or updated you existing plan, it is essential that you do so, not just for your sake, but for the sake of those who are called to co-labor with you.
Pinch of cayenne
"I entered into alliances with my paper soulmates." First Jean Rhys and Jane Bowles and Anna Kavan. Then Elfriede Jelinek and Ingeborg Bachmann and Thomas Bernhard. They are the ones who wrote the family for me. They wrote of the deep closets of the past, of history. They wrote around the silence.
In the month of October here in the UK we celebrate"Harvest Festival"
Happy New Year everyone! I just love New Year's Day and not because of football. I just love the fact that I have a whole new year to do things. It's truly a renewal time for me. I start my new calendar(s), new "To Do" lists, & clear away all the remnants of Christmas. That's taken a bit longer this time due to being sick, but even that's almost finished. For those who have followed me for a couple of months, you know I'm kind of freakily organized, but organization is one of my passions. I love the act of organizing things and then enjoying the outcome. When I discovered A Bowl Full of Lemons, I was thrilled. As organized as I am, I always strive to be better and Toni is ready to kick some serious "clutter butt" with this challenge. Day 1 (this is a 21 day challenge) is all about tackling the junk drawer. Usually this is in the kitchen, but it can be wherever clutter seems to overwhelm drawer space.
Overall the final version of the national planning policy framework has been welcomed favorably by most parties. With a condensed document, there are going to be areas that need to be revised and expanded upon. Its implementation will rely heavily on local authorities. Sustainability has been a feature of the planning focus for many years, only now is it being focused on as a primary objective. My concern is that economic factors are also considered by our local authorities, after all employment figures also count towards a sustainable future for us all.
Johnny Rotten/Lydon had on me. There are some parallels
Felting the creatures in three dimension, or "painting with felt" scenes
"We expected a government interdict. They did it in 2007, so it's not new. We will go to court and defend ourselves. I don't know why they compare this to apartheid. The truth is there was no national protected strike before 1994. To make a comparison is naive and ignorant."
I honestly bought this pattern for view D, which I made last October. I never intended to make view B because, although I loved the shaped yoke and contrast binding, I didn't think the tulip shape would look good on me. However, somehow this silk spoke to me and told me it wanted to be this skirt. It said, "Look, I'm a big print so I need something that isn't too cut up. And I'm lightweight so the gathers won't poof out around your waist. And you only have about 11/4 yards of me and can't find any other pattern that will work. Please, give the tulip shape a chance!" Fabric speaks to you sometimes, right? Tell me I'm not the only crazy one this happens to.
7.Curry Leaves : 5
“Sir Thomas Moore , his Father and his Decedents” In the style of Hans Holbein the Younger – Rowland Lockey (1593)
Of imaginary
Every month, week and day, there are some really strange, fun and downright funny holidays and observances celebrated everywhere. In fact, you can even make up your own ‘holiday’ to celebrate on your blog with your readers – that’s how easy it is to come up with days of posts at a time. But you don’t have to make it up yourself. It’s hard enough coming up with a post. Here’s a blogging calendar I found that feature some of these holidays. The other nice thing is, it has room to jot down your own ideas and you can use it to literally plan out the year’s content – or just a month or two ahead if you’re not the planning type. This really helps keep your blog going without rushing to write last minute posts.
Number of books I’ve read today: 0 (Friday was a slow reading day. Only managed 130 pages--about half the current book)
Do not fret. I'm going to find out ASAP how you too can achieve this kitchen look.
Boulevard Brewing Co. Nutcracker Ale
Just like floral arrangements, outside landscapes need balance, proportion, scale, and depth. Ever wonder why those Better Home and Gardens landscapes look so great? Like any good design, they have layers.
Read this on Sheep Thrills Yarn's blog and loved it...thought I would share it with you here as it's a good way to start the new year...
- In the center of town
optional: one chopped organic orange
Fire of Love – Gun Club
The rare debates amounted to the curlew cry of the Athletic Union pleading to opt out of the college bilingual policy. This obliged them to submit every poster - "Headbutting Club members please assemble in the bins at Harper's Disco at 2300 sharp, please" - to someone like me, who translated it into Middle Cornish and threw the original English away.
“The bigger one on the left is probably a barn, the farmer’s house on the right, the well in the middle.”
Studying the Bible takes time; sensing God’s voice is a skill that improves with practice. The control you handed over to Jesus for Lent will clear some very noisy distractions out of your life. Take advantage of this new-found quiet space.
It's that time of year when fall is in the air and kids aged 2-90 across the US are excitedly planning their costume. Most families I know put far more thought into costumes than they put into selectively choosing treats to distribute to trick-or-treaters. This concerns me. Following are a few quick bullet points to explain why we should devote FAR more planning to choosing what we put in our Halloween treat bowls:
*What does it all mean?
From what I learned about how public schools handle bullying, the right thing to do is always to tell an adult, but it’s not generally going to do any good. There are certain kinds of people whose lives are just plain worth less to everyone else, and members of those groups always learn where they stand sooner or later.
Now the scripture in the book of John reads on to see Jesus wipe mud across the blind man’s face as he heals him. The blind man then is able to see for the first time and become a living testimony to the Good works of the Lord.
I cut the leftover script tissue paper into narrow strips, scrunched them, and placed them into the jars.
However, with streaming the quality of your content is directly related to the quality of your internet connection. For low income, or rural households
where goose bumps
Precious Heavenly Father, I thank You for the wonderful Name of Jesus Christ! The Name that is above every Name, and to which all of creation responds. Thank You for giving me the right to use that Name to effect positive changes in my life and in the lives of my loved ones. I know that I can never be disadvantaged in this life because I live by the power of that Name! Jesus Christ! Amen!
Challenge # 98 Sketch
ALPA saw it as yet ANOTHER way to cater to its seniority based obsession, by making life supposedly better for senior pilots. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to see that junior pilots would pay. Nobody knew how dear, at the time, that price would be. We do now.
When asked if this meant Sime Darby was firing Zubir, Musa said: “The fact is, he has left as of today. It is up to you how you want to interpret that.”
Rouse your power,
My son will be 14 this year. He has been taught by his grandmother that I am barely a parent. That since I only see him every other weekend, that means that I should not have any say in anything he does and that I have no right to make him mind me when I do have him. He has been taught that if he is not a christian he cannot live in their home, forcing him to choose between the life he has always known and change. My son has aspeger’s syndrome and he does not do well with change. He wants everything to just stay the way it is. So he does not have any freedom to explore what path he wants to follow as far as religion is concerned. He has been taught that I am a joke, that I am something to laugh at because I want to be his mother so much but they took that away from me. And he has been taught that it is ok to talk mean to people so long as you make them feel bad for not being able to take a joke because after all, its only words.
On my birthday, when you humored me by going to Disneyland with me, you introduced me to a song. Somebody That I Used to Know by Gotye. As we were listening to it all I could think was that it described our relationship perfectly. You made the comment that I was going to become “obsessed” with that song, and guess what, I did. Why? Because it described our relationship to a T.
To me it struck me as a little odd that the military would be helping in what comes off a recruitment video while Obama is publicly saying he’s going to try and slash the budget to reduce the military to what would be an anemic level. I thought that since the military brass probably had some inkling that his proposed cuts were coming then the generous level of help in this video was a not so subtle cue to Obama that it is our troops not drones and computers that make this the best fighting force in the world (but Obama would have to live in reality to realize that)…it also comes off as a bit of slap to people like Rick Santorum who think women have no place in the military and should just stay home barefoot and pregnant (I still say Santorum should try that line about women not being fit for combat to the face of any armed female member of the military and see how long he lasts).
ARE YOU ENGAGED? STARTING TO PLAN YOUR WEDDING? Why not plan to have this nail look on your wedding day. Beautiful.Simple. Elegant.
But more often than not, at least in United Methodist circles - (and other circles as well, from all that I’ve read) – men’s ministries often focus more on making worker-bees out of their men rather than making disciples.
alongbine: If we ever get the chance to be in the same room (physically) comments like that could be dangerous for you – I’ve gutted a deer more than twice, so removal of YOUR equipment would be easy.
If you’re still feeling zooish, go to Bearizona near Williams which is a drive through. You better keep those windows tightly closed and keep moving through because those bears are not shy of humans as a swipe at our bumper that set the car rocking let us know. This zoo is 55% rescues and rehabilitated animals. I don’t think I’ve ever enjoying a working weekend more.
Make it according to the directions- boil in water for 30 to 40 minutes, serve with main course. No stock, no seasonings, and throw out the water. The website says the water has nutrients, so throw it out? I decided to treat it like a cross between how I was taught to cook Spanish rice by my South American friend, and how I was taught to make risotto.
Paisley baby, paisley thumb,
I shot this a few months back when it was still getting dark early and the temps were down around 40f / 4c
Hang a teapot, on a wall, in a garden and throw in a a few things to grow...why not?
How do I tell the difference between the actual and the perceived?
I vote for Option 4.
And my Willow House business continues to do well. I'd love to show off some of the new products as well as the new designer jewelry by Sara Blaine that we now sell as our second division here at Willow House. I'd also like to feature some decorating ideas if that's okay with you........I know so many of you only have a certain amount of time on the web, so I'd love to feature things that you want to read about....any suggestions are welcome; please leave a comment. I think many bloggers now are crunched for time and not spending the extra time to comment. I have been there. But I would also ask that you at least say HI, and let me know that I have one or two readers!! Thanks!
one banana
Chest pain related to the gastrointestinal tract: Problems related to the stomach, intestines, gallbladder, or pancreas can spread or even begin with pain in the chest.
‘‘(i) use cybersecurity systems to identify and obtain cyber threat information to protect the rights and property of such protected entity; and
Frankenstein was created by a mad scientist.
After several decades, it has still not worn off. I regret not showing courtesy with a friendlier look. As such, it is easy to understand why some police officers can look fierce, considering what they have to put up with.
We're slowly getting the starting sounds of words out of his mouth. We still use sign for 95% of our communication, but we are really pushing for sounds. He's great at signing "bath" and saying "bah" while doing so. He can completely say "side" (outside), "star", "Dada", "sissy." We have another PAT evaluation at the end of this week, so we'll see what she says about his vocal improvements and see if she believes an intervention may be necessary.
It's OK that I'm probably not going to live up to that last thing I just said.
"THE ACCOUNTANTS' REPORT.
then Thursday flying from London to LA!
that makes the journey more pleasent, a ride for the human advancer
Of all the states proposing progressive alternatives to prisons, you wouldn't think it'd be Texas and Kansas leading the national push for less reliance on incarceration and stronger community supervision systems, but there they are.
Why do we always gravitate towards the well know varietals when we are grocery shopping? Or when we are wine tasting? Why is it second nature for us to grab a bottle of Pinot Noir or Cabernet, instead of the lesser known varietals? In reality, these wines are just as enjoyable as their better known counterparts. Today, I will be writing about three unique varietals including nebbiolo, grenache and malbec.
“Nikki.”
Dynamic in personality. High-spirited. This really comes in handy when taking care of small children. It's like I'm the Pied Piper and kids will magically do whatever I need them to. Also essential when directing film. If what you're doing is insane, it helps when you can convince other people to do it with you.
The book reads much like Kitchen Confidential, a series of disconnected pieces, more a collection of essays than continuous chapters. Bourdain retains his straightforward and snarky writing style, though his editor needs to give him a banned list which should include "maw," "clusterfuck" and question marks, which he inevitably misuses. (It seems like you shouldn't be able to misuse question marks, but somehow, Bourdain does?)
The photographic images that have been deployed on web in my essay on “The Tamil Tigers and Their Practices of Homage” (httt://thuppahiwordpress.com) as well as a host of less accessible academic articles convey the importance placed on the commemoration of the fallen by Pirapāharan and the Tiger leadership. The institutionalisation of mortuary rites of burial for their fallen from circa 1989 – in a radical move away from the cremation for those of Saivite faith[i] – was a way of sustaining meaningful bonding between Tiger personnel and those who had sacrificed their lives for the cause of Eelam.[ii]
And it really is one law for them and one for us. Just over a month after David Laws made a statement on expenses whilst lining the pockets of his lover, a staffordshire man was arrested for much the same thing.
Assume Exitus Vomitorius
Don't you think so, Suzie?
And the items I had to pass up were numerous too, like the mustard chinos that were two sizes too big, the too long seersucker skirt, the vintage raspberry denim shirt-dress from Land's End that fit like a sack, and the awesomely hideous pirate tapestry that they wanted $35 for. All in all it was a great day for thrifting, and one that made me happy to be a thrift style blogger, now if only the weather would cooperate so I can wear all of my newly thrifted goods!
MW: Not really. I just want to race to the end, so with four or five laps to the end, they started to chat to me about holding my position. Of course, they want the points, but I also need to try and get some more points as well.
I was very impressed. With this being the third different Merlot I have tried to date, and with it being the first Washington State Merlot, I can easily say that this bottle has been the best Merlot thus far.
Tom and I have tried mock "fish" a couple of times at restaurants and hated it every single time. The taste was wrong, the texture was wrong. The best mock "fish" dish we ever had was when I made my delicious Vegan "Fish" and Chips.
The 3 reactors at TVA’s 3,297-megawatt Browns Ferry nuclear plant in Alabama switched over to emergency diesel generators to supply power for the reactors cooling system at 5:30 EDT (22:30 UTC) after storms knocked out transmission lines that supplied power, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Agency said. More…
ER. Can you talk about your initial research in gender and sound art practice?
To start, the key organizers were absurdly late so the crowd and I milled about awkwardly and without purpose. Then, before we started the set, I prayed aloud into the mic and for what seems like the first time I prayed genuinely and not just a show of what I felt were the right things to say when praying out loud in public. It felt great. However, certain people were laughing and chatting throughout the prayer. In fact, they were chatting throughout the worship. I recognized these people to be from my old church. I also recalled that I despised them. A lot.
The Green and Burning Tree: On the Writing and Enjoyment of Children's Books by Eleanor Cameron
This sort of mentality and outlook has visible effects in how things work when such a terror organization hits a rough opponent. There are tell-tale signs of an inefficient organization that is sacrificing boots on the ground for overhead. I will return to my first internal link and pull this out from my 2006 article:
An academic exercise by a pair of Australian economics professors at the Wharton School of Business in America, we had some difficulty understanding what the hell the survey proved.
Confession #2: I’ve known about this for 4 days now and I’ve said nothing. Some may ask why and really there are a few reasons. One of them being…I’m scared to death. I mean what is your biggest fear once you finally get what you’ve desperately wanted? That it will go away. I’m afraid this is going to go away. I have had slight cramping and spotting since the positive. But based on everything I can find online (Google is EVIL and should be taken away from me) this seems very normal because neither the cramping or spotting is bad. The cramping will feel slightly like AF cramps, lasts for 10 seconds then goes away. The spotting is light/watery red and is only present when I wipe. I haven’t even needed a panty liner. But it still worries me, so I’ve said nothing. Until today when I got the results from my first beta draw.
The motif on the left is from Patty Duff's Minitats. The other tat is just to get the thread off my shuttle. The amount needed was not as much as she had stated in the book but I noted it for future reference.
It was exactly that sensation of sickness in my gut that I would get in connection to my present partner when the two-year mark drew nearer. Another connection at that time when I was two was that my mum decided to leave the town I was born in and move back to her home town. My father never wanted to be part of my life - a different story. I believe that they must have had arguments while I was in the room which leads to another emotional problem of mine: feeling trapped in an uncomfortable environment and not be able to run away. To run away is all I want to do after two years in the same environment.
Kitchen Towel
What makes the novel keep going nay, surging ahead amidst stormy waves and emotion is the distinct style of writing adopted by the author Ismita. With each chapter being a narrative of a different character, the reader not only gets to understand what a character is thinking, he/she is also aided in pursuing the mystery of Love on the Rocks from different interesting angles.
Our cocktALEs flight proceeded in the following order:
They always give you the same answer: "Yeah, but our customers are growing old and where are our new customers going to come from?" As if people at 50 wear the same clothes, drive the same cars, and eat the same food they do at 17.
Children are strange little creatures, aren't they? It had simply never occurred to her to ask if she could change her clothes. In her four year old mind's logic, the rule at preschool was that if clothes were wet or soiled you would change into your spare ones, so therefore if she wanted to change into her spare clothes she must first soil them!
Gradually I warmed to the gouache, and found my own way of using it. I build layers and model with both watercolour and oil paint as if I am drawing with it, putting in little colour washes, then darks, then lights, and more washes, and it seems I attack gouache in much the same way. I found it excellent for lettering.
Happy bubba = happy Mumma! :)
Kendall's health is at a stand still right now. That's a good thing. We are still in a holding pattern with her bladder and hips. I'm not naive. I know there are some major things on the horizon, and as she gets older the CP monster and whatever metabolic issues she does or doesn't have will affect her in a variety of negative ways. But for now, we are living life day to day and enjoying the moment with her.
This card is almost a mirror image of the other card if you squint and are blue/red color blind. A typical posed photo of the player holding his stick down. I wonder if they were actually in their skates when these photos were taken? As I said the walls of the room are plain so they could have been taken while the players were suiting up. Yeah I'll keep thinking that.
16:40: Maryetta Ables clarifies the US position as Dr Chaouachi had mentioned that Forces were talking of taking anti-smokers to court. She said the groundwork had been done but there was a lack of funding. The charge would have been abuse of power in contravention of the Constitution.
And, Amos...
I'm so sorry Miss Gaga. I'm really getting off track here. Back to your segment on Ellen. I think what really bothered me the most was that you felt you needed a political reason behind wearing this. "If we don't stick up for what we believe in, we don't fight for our rights, pretty soon we're gonna have as much rights as the meat on our bones." WHAT?! What in the world does that even mean? Miss Gaga, I feel that I have the capacity to think in both logical, and abstract ways, but I still cannot make sense of what you said.
Courtesy of AdNews, a “winning” ad with Charlie Sheen.
Given the grave nature of these allegations, and in light of the confusion in the parish and the concerns expressed by parishioners, Father Guarnizo is prohibited from exercising any priestly ministry in the Archdiocese of Washington until all matters can be appropriately resolved, with the hope that he might return to priestly ministry.
I've always been able to put things out there and get things in return. If I'm looking for a
Other Reviews I Appreciated:
My camera wasn't really up to the task, but the wall behind Rojas was beautiful... the heads are sculpted stone, but they fade into the wall and the bodies and gowns are mosaic...
Now onto our NEW CHALLENGE and this week it is OUTDOORS!! So, anything that has to do with the great outdoors - playing games, beautiful outdoor scenery, etc. You have until 11:59pm EST on Monday, Oct. 17 to enter. Of course, we would love to see you use a STAMP-N-DOODLE image on your creation, but you are not required to use one to join us. Click the shop link above to see all the FABULOUS new images Lynne has for us in the shop!!
Triple bonus factor ... we had the BEST conversations there and back... she was able to ask me some questions on things/events that had been on her mind and I was able to answer honestly and I can hardly even describe the joy I felt that we were having the conversation. It was like all walls and filters were removed and we were able to talk right to each others hearts. The knowledge that it was a divine appointment was clear, from finding the right dress for an amazing price to sharing the experience together to having conversations that were timely and amazing. As I was sharing with her and answering questions it was like I was receiving all sorts of revelations at the same time for myself.
Freedom of religion, like most freedoms afforded to citizens of the civilized western world, is an individual freedom. What does that mean? It’s actually very simple. An individual freedom is one I can apply to my own life, not one I can force other people to apply to their lives. If I did, I would be interfering with their right of freedom of religion! In regards to religion, it means each one of us can:
Here’s what you need to make the bread – good news – its probably all stuff you already have in your cupboard/garden! Just a note on the quantities – I halved Paul’s original recipe as it made two loaves – the resulting focaccia was exactly perfect for two people for dinner. If you want to feed more
The next few designs will be 60's and 70's in style with lots of more fun designs to come so stay tuned to the blog to find out when and when.
I contacted Ebay and told them. Their useless automated system lurched into action.
The path was covered with dry leaves which made an irritating crackling sound under my heavy boots. The birds were not so noisy now and once in while a cricket could be heard. The trees stood like mourners in a line along the path sending shivers in my body. For a moment I thought that I was walking with Melisa’s ghost. As if sensing my thoughts, the old woman turned and smiled but her eyes remained expressionless.
Maybe you just want to stay here a moment and invite the Shepherd to speak to your heart about the path you are on…
There in a bed, covered up to the chin by a heavy blanket of death-white, lay a girl with a dried tear on her cheek.
grass and listen to the trees.
PM calls for us to talk out our differences.
You can get a break of up to $3,000 contributed for each account you have!
So the point of my rambling my new personal challenge is to not buy anything new....papers, stamps, digis, embellishments until I have used all of the stuff in my stash at least once!
In order to be “the best author” you can be, join TBA Lounge, an interactive social network that puts the writer, freelance journalist, the author, the songwriter, the poet, and the speaker in a positive atmosphere in which you can be supported and therefore become more successful doing what you love to do, creating a world out of words.
That has got to be about it, because frankly, blogger is starting to really piss me off! Not only is it taking a ridiculously long time to upload the photos, ( I started this some hours ago!) but it keeps just freezing and refusing to do anything at all, (now that sounds familiar, my children are also great at this one!)
There are four candidates for the County Council elections in the Llansanffraid Ward for Conwy
Auditions for the spring musical at the girls' elementary school were held last week. They're doing "The Sound Of Music" this year, and auditions were open to all 5th through 8th graders. Usually the lead roles go to the older kids, but as most of you know, Katie has some pretty exceptional talent - and not surprisingly, she was cast in the lead role of Maria. She was thrilled, of course, and so were we.
He gets her name, address, Social Security number, etc. And then asks, "What's your occupation?"
Is there an app for that? Why not?
Dr Bonshek has expertise, in the areas of creative endeavour, the visual arts, design and digital media, higher education, and personal development and has worked and lectured in the USA, England, India, Cambodia and Australia. She has received awards from the Royal Society of Arts, the Science Policy Foundation (UK), the InterSociety for the Electronic Arts (ISEA), the National Endowment for the Arts and the Iowa Arts Council (USA), and has been a Visiting Fellow at the University of Tasmania, Jane Franklin Hall.
Aristegui Notícias, 5/3/2012
since I have no wine glasses.
Artist - Title
Remove Distractions
To find a woman's soul for a wife.
LaShawn – I think I was in shape to run 43 this year. I was in shape for it. But to tap into 43 you not only have to be in shape you have to be race sharp and I wasn’t race sharp. I do believe I will touch 43 seconds next year. I do believe that. I’ll be ready.
Paul James Furmato, 37, Colts Neck, N.J.
I did not cheat this week, not even once.
Promotes comfort & security
All else erased
First of all, I’m going to try not to dwell on the crazy letters in his name, but…yeah. Look, dude, you’re really overestimating how hard I’m willing to work to contact you in-game or send you a guild invite. If I can’t just fucking TYPE your name, then the odds of me sending you a whisper or an invite or whatever drops way, way down. I don’t speak alt-code.
Here is the first of the two books.. a lovely pink fabric book… my daughter bought this fabric for me for christmas, it was part of a fat quarter bundle and I loved this piece..
-Please pray for the incoming freshmen and transfer students to UCI for the 2012-2013 School Year. I am expectant of many students who are excited to join the mission to reach their peers for Jesus. May they have hearts ready to receive and give!
I’m a storyteller. I try to tell stories sensitively, humanely. You have to ask yourself what your motives are. Are you doing what you’re doing to inform people, to bring about change? Or is your primary goal to win awards and sensationalize? When picture-taking becomes part of a voyeuristic exercise and commodity, then it is a problem. When people fly into another country thousands of miles away, take photos and leave, it’s a problem. They don’t know enough about the language, the political and cultural sensibilities, and often there’s a pre-determined editorial point of view that the photographer is only supporting, unlike a local photographer, who is answerable to the community. The farmer in the paddy field knows the most about the situation. The local photographer knows something about the situation. The person who knows the least is the picture editor in New York. But the photo editor gets the most say, and the farmer has zero say, in how the story is told.
Along the way, there were little windows that allowed us to peek at the scenery and also a few "balconies" that led to dug in caves/prayer centers. It was so amazing to see the frescos that still remained on the walls. There were even little 'shelves' built into the (domed) caves - we were told that some of the monks used to sit on the shelves for their meditation and prayer. No easy feat given that some of them were less than two feet wide!
Forgetting to take Tylenol before I went to school kind of stunk, too. Especially when I discovered I didn’t have a travel-sized bottle of meds in my bag after all.
Yes really! I warmed to the bonkers one over the year and in particular found the coverage of her Glastonbury performance extremely entertaining. The biggest shock was discovering that this gal can actually sing too! 'The Fame' is a cracking little album with more of a nod to electro-glam and Bowie than you might initially expect. This little gem is tucked away right at the end of the album (if you're lucky... it doesn't even appear on some re-issues) but beats everything else on there for my money.
Your breath I felt when I passed
But one matters in other things too. One word can make a person’s day. One smile to a stranger could make or break that person’s decisions. One hug can heal wounds. One word “love” in particular, has a huge impact on those that say it and those that receive it. One moment can change a lifetime.
In 1949 he wrote his first novel for John Spencer & Co. and was thereby already established with the company when they launched a series of new magazines in the spring of 1950. With romance, crime and gangster novels already under his belt, knocking out a steady supply of science fiction was no problem... nor, were westerns for another Hamilton-related company, Curtis Warren.
Like seriously wonderful to just be able to do whatever, whenever.
In the meantime, I hope your holidays are peaceful and happy and that 2011 brings you much joy.
One thing I absolutely HAVE to mention: the packaging is so cute! It comes with its own little brown cushion, in a pink box, in a black box. It's a bit like "pass the parcel" when you're unwrapping it... Nevertheless, I love it - and I love ASOS for giving me the chance to win such a glamorous watch!
Where is the sharing of wealth and power?
Her face is pure joy; her heart is still mending.
While paint jobs and lawn care are among the first factors that can influence a home’s appearance, a driveway can make a tremendous impact on it too. If it is spotted with oil spills and the pavement is cracked, your driveway can detract from the looks of your home and landscaping, no matter how much you have put in.
(click on their names for card details)
For the Perth Festival, the company brought out Henry V and The Winter's Tale, which are playing in repertoire. I wonder in retrospect if I made a mistake only choosing to see the latter; it is certainly the lesser play. The evening passed painlessly enough, and there are certainly things to admire, but I was curiously unengaged for most of it. It felt as if I were witnessing all the appearance of theatre with not much of the substance.
I split some hostas this year... first time ever! I read once that hostas are the one perennial that you do not have to actually divide to keep them healthy and looking good. I dug up little "chunks" of my favorite hosta, June, to add along the pump house... it faces north.
Above, when man meets demon. Just think, this could be the fate that awaits a good number of us in the afterlife if we don’t start getting our act together.
If it is the latter, then they are probably on safe ground on Lords reform as there are less than a handful of Lib Dems in Westminster willing to walk away from government on that particular issue - and Nick Clegg is not among them. Europe, however, might be something altogether different.
Evilgrade takes the advantage of various applications because most of these verify neither the update contents nor the master update server. Basically, in this type of attack, the attacker seeks to modify the DNS traffic of the victim and return them to some other ip address controlled by the attacker.
Now, will they end up drafting Luck? Or will they go with Heisman winner Robert Griffin III? He is slated by many to be selected with the 2nd pick, currently held by the St. Louis Rams. However, St. Louis believes they’ve got their QB of the future in Sam Bradford. This clearly raises more questions: will the Rams trade their 1st round pick? If the colts draft RG III, will the 2nd selection be Andrew Luck?
After making a film as perfect as Sunset Blvd. in 1950, many directors would have found themselves on that inevitable downward slide, forever trying to match the greatness of their earlier masterpiece. Not so with Billy Wilder. Not only did he continue to make such remarkable films as The Apartment and Some Like It Hot, but in 1957 he nearly equaled his 1950 achievement with a movie that has stood the test of time like few others: Witness for the Prosecution.
Jesus Christ! The guy knows all the class lists and who's who! Unbelievable, and again, intriguing!
Alcohol Concern chief executive Don Shenker said it was time to introduce tobacco-style health warnings on alcohol.
One argument I sort of forgot to tackle was when some people say, “One simply cannot know that a god does not exist. One can only have faith that a god does not exist,” or that I do not know X, that I only have faith in X, whatever X may be. These arguments do not come from theists; they come from fellow atheists (I’m serious).
NO LIGHT.
The van pulls up and out steps tall, dark and handsome, sporting tattoos and a couple piercing. Becca's friends were all bookish types. They wore polos and khakis and played on their church worship teams. This guy? This guy was NOT what I pictured.
We've ordered the nine-course degustation ($190) but I'm already getting worried about my stomach capacity and we haven't even officially started the first course. A natural silence descends over the table, and we marvel wordlessly over the intricate plating required for each dish. What stands out most is how quiet and calm the staff are in the kitchen. Computer screens installed in the kitchen are used to keep track of orders, but conversation levels are barely much above a murmur between chefs.
Following are excerpts from a lecture by Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Qatar TV on October 28, 2006.
And it makes me thankful for the grace quietly working to give me the strength to do the impossible and so thankful for a husband who is so patient and long-suffering with me.
We will not always be able freely to choose the terrain upon which we have to fight the ConDem Coalition, but to the extent that we can influence the timing and the immediate issues we need to aim for a dispute most likely to produce the widest practicable united action at the earliest practicable date (the passage of time will not strengthen our hand).
Please send (proof of who was paid).
And so when any of us are overwhelmed, we need to go to the Rock which is higher than ourselves. And we need to carry on. Sometimes praying along with fasting would be good. But oftentimes I just carry on, doing what I have to do, trying to fulfill my calling. Yes, oftentimes with added prayer during such occasions.
I did my usual wake up and stare at the ceiling last night, but today instead of being able to snooze a while after finally going back to sleep, we had to be up before 7. Well...Matt woke up at 7:14, we had to leave the house by 7:30, so we zipped around and got ready, got Jake to rehearsal and fed Ben and Chan then dropped them off and picked Jake up and ate with him. I managed to jilt Suzette, who planned to eat at Cracker Barrel with me this morning. I just flat forgot, which makes me about a 2 on the friend scale. Still, she's thinking of going to Yellowstone with me!
It would be a joy to follow this case closely for its entire duration but alas, NAMA’s interest in the case is quite limited. NAMA just wants a declaration that it operated properly last year when it sold the Maybourne loans for €800m. What NAMA wants to avoid is a judgment which finds the transfer of the loans was improper, find the transaction reversed and possibly face damages. However listening to the opening arguments today, it seems that there are two issues which may deserve further attention and possibly involvement on NAMA’s part (1) might NAMA have been able to sell the loans for more than €800m and (2) did the company to whom the loans were advanced act in such a way as to compromise NAMA’s rights as a creditor. NAMA has previously said that it sold the loans for €800m and that was the maximum it could achieve. That is patent rubbish. The loans, if enforced, would allow NAMA to take control of shares in the Maybourne group, which may have been worth considerably more than €800m. In my view NAMA has a case to answer here to justify the sale price and to demonstrate it has maximised returns for the taxpayer. NAMA might also not be happy to learn of the way in which Maybourne apparently sought to deter other interest in the hotels in favour of the Barclays.
Teacher Fired For Premarital Sex At Texas Christian School “On a Clear Day You Can See Forever!” It’s Not Too Late to Celebrate the Upcoming Earth Day! ROMNEY: Have you bet $10,000 lately? TODAY IS THE DAY YOU ANSWER TO THE IRS! RID THE CONGRESS OF INCUMBENT REPUBLICAN SENATORS…THEY ARE NOT FAIR! Chuckles Before My Bedtime…Wars Break Out All Over America! “Mitt Romney’s Caution On Department Of Education Owed To ’94 Campaign Ad” Today I get Tom Cruise’s lastest: Mission Impossible: “Ghost Protocol”
So what it comes down to is, it’s our problem. It’s our fault for anything untrue we see on television for we demand it. And if you want to see some change away from this untruth we have engulfed ourselves into, maybe next time we stop on a “reality” television show (such as Gene Simmons Family Jewels) we should lift our finger and change the channel. Or better yet, turn off the TV and find your own reality. It’s as simple as that. Click!
Apart from on 'maroon', which you all pronounce 'marroan'.
Many years later I've learned how to be happier with myself, and to accept my mutable nature. I'm no longer so obsesssed with there being one defining scent, and so I've ended up with a portfolio of perfumes which project different facets and moods. Mitsouko lends me a sophistication and glamour I don't always feel; I like to pretend I have it in me to be as mysterious and complex as Ormonde Woman; Diorella's bright, herby androgyny suggests a breezy efficiency that belies my default behaviour in the office. Most often, you'll find me in No.5: it reminds me of my Grandmother, whose influence on my life I didn't appreciate until long after she died. I like its rather old-fashioned elegance - bone structure over botox, if you like. Chanel No.5 may be the world's best selling perfume, but it's thankfully, it's not the world's most frequently worn, or there'd be the olfactory memory of a zillion Mrs Trefusis' wafting round the streets of London.
Ambergris – From whale intestines. Used as a fixative in making perfumes and as a flavoring in foods and beverages. Alternatives: synthetic or vegetable fixatives.
When someone asks God, into their heart they are considered (Baby Christians) This is a very tender time for a new christian and the Devil knows this So this is Where Faith comes into place because you will make sinful mistakes Because NO Christian is perfect… When you do make a mistake Speak out to God, (Pray) and repent for your sinful action and Ask God to help you learn from your mistake…
So … I’m afraid it’s taken me a couple of months to get my act together and write about our wonderful exploratory foray across to the other end of the American continent.
And that moment finally arrived.
"I'm a supporter of the EDL," he said, standing next to a group of cropped-haired men from the EDL's Walsall, Leeds and Essex "divisions".
I may not be the sharpest knife in the butcher block, so I need a little help here. Isn't that an admission of bias? Also, if a key mission of Fox is to tell their bias or "side of the story", isn't their other slogan disingenuous? "Fair and Balanced". The implications of Chris Wallace's admission is that Fox is not presenting "fair and balanced" news, but rather news shaped to counter other views?
Wishing you a fun week ahead, à bientôt!!
It's no secret that I have been having a really difficult time over the past few weeks. I am just going to continue keeping it real here. I miss my kids in a way that I can't even begin to put into words. I feel guilty for leaving them. They didn't want me to go, and trust me, I certainly didn't want to go, either. I knew it had to happen. I knew this is just how the process is right now. Every family has to do it. And they all live through it. And eventually, their kids come home and that pain is replaced with overwhelming joy. I know. I know. I know. I really do. But none of that really matters when it's YOUR kids. When you're just a mom in the backseat of a van, driving away from the orphanage that you just left your four (confused and hurting) children in, with tears rolling uncontrollably down your cheeks. And getting on a plane to fly halfway around the world from where they are? There are just no words to explain how much that goes against every natural, maternal instinct that a mother has.
The next morning, bring French toast out of the fridge and allow to sit at room temperature about an hour. Preheat oven to 350º. Bake, covered, till puffed and golden, about 25-30 minutes.
Pour the batter in the prepared pan
Tonight, on 'Your Life After Trauma' we'll have two guests talking about their stories and how they overcame and kept depression at bay in their own ways. Here's hoping we inspire you to find your method and that you feel led to take the first steps out of depression and into the light.
New York, NY 10045.
SLEUTHFEST 2011
Well, this is a homemade recipe, no link, no book… Just me and veggies! Now my trick is to cut the veggies up small. This is for two reasons. So your non vegetable eating companion either doesn’t notice them, or concludes they are way to small to be bothered picking out. So here we go.
Enjoy the pictures everyone, courtesy of DeStefano's SteakHouse in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, on the corner of Leonard Street and Conselyea Street.
Police & Thieves Radio Advert #2
...(I had had enough geometry with my quilt-block ones)...
I think that he stands excellent chances of appealing successfully.
We’re also pleased to announce the confirmed involvement of North of Watford’s SARAH EMMOTT and there will be more confirmed connections soon enough!
I think I'd like to send this question to them (as I am sure it will likely get me a 95% approval rating from other speed daters): Where is the strangest place you have vomited and why? Please be specific in your answers.
The barrister then gives us the shocking reality of this case, and of the scale of the wider problem, the attitude of these imports from a barbaric culture and religion from the dark ages. When reading this I would like you to consider the mental attitude and moral codes of the hundreds of thousands of bogus “asylum seekers”, immigrants and migrants from the third world:
Stop looking for hard, concrete proof. Go with the flow. And stop trying to nail it down and say, “Well, this feels like magic, so now I’m in the fourth.” “This feels like love and Christ consciousness; now I am in the seventh.” “Now, this feels like the ability to create: I am in the eighth.” “Now, I am sitting with my beloved Jesus Sananda: I am in the eleventh.”
From the site:
How was she to know that her own husband would become a man worth millions, 70, to be exact, and then unexpectedly die, for four minutes and eight seconds, but then come back to life and find money meaningless? And want to give it all away? Michael does exactly this, but in doing so, wants to prove his love to Julia at the same time.
There are certain weight watcher pens that I like. The Le Pen is one and that's really all I can think of now that my heart has hit the caffeine induced targeted rate for the day. But generally I like my pens fatter (and usually full of drippy ink.)
Shame on me!
So we traveled all the way down to Arches, UT for our little adventure and truthfully I was excited to try out my new stuff. It took us four hours to set up camp but I figured it would be worth it. We were camping with all of my extended family, some in tents, and some had rented RV's that were in adjacent sites to our group site. You can see from the picture how awesome our spot was. Day one went great, I LOVED my kitchen and the new "beds" were so comfortable I slept like a baby all night. Day 2 was still going well when the men and older kids decided to go on an evening hike about 7pm, leaving us women folk at camp with the little children.
(Baa, Baa Black Sheep)
Singer for Puritan)
Actually, in early 2009, their website FAQ’s hinted at self-publishing by listing ‘famous authors’ who had travelled the self-publishing path over the last century. Needless to say, some of the cited authors did indeed self-publish, but many others did not—certainly not in the manner Austin & MacAuley presented the cited authors. The FAQ’s on their website in 2009 hinting at Austin & MacAuley’s fees for publishing a book disappeared by 2010. Let us just say if D. H. Lawrence, Beatrix Potter and James Joyce were doing the rounds of publishers today, it is unlikely they would be calling to the doors of their Canary Wharf offices in London along with the morning postman.
They were made from a mixture of donated blocks and will bring comfort and warmth to a needy person.
You could also say that the narrative has been exceedingly successful in that regard. What sane person, for instance, could hear “warmest ever,” “hottest ever,” dozens and dozens of times, from the twin pulpits of science and journalism, and not conclude that one’s own time on Earth was particularly unfortunate, grim, doomed?
As you can see, there is much to choose from and my list is not attempting to be comprehensive. Now, go and investigate the lager world. You may be surprised.
So first up, here are some swatches of Muchi, Muchi by herself. It's a lovely soft baby pink creme. Not usually my polish of choice, but this is actually a nice colour. Especially for 'colour cleansing' for me because I am a purple/green/blue hoor.
A Hispanic man, who appeared to be in his late twenties or early thirties, turned from his alligator butchering duties and responded, “Yeah, Pappy?”
It is a very crucial post. He is called drawing and disbursement officer (DDO) which is a sensitive assignment. The executive engineer signs contracts on behalf of the government. A small mistake on his part can lead to a loss to the government exchequer. “It is imperative that only qualified persons should be promoted as executive engineers,” said an official.
What we deem offensive is probably about what you would expect. Amazon Digital Services, Inc. reserves the right to determine the appropriateness of Titles sold on our site.
Some very cool lens flare looked like a low flying ufo with the Android.
He has heard the site is to be turned into a park for kids; a fitting legacy given the losses they bore. That is not the only compensation for residents who awoke on May 2 last year to news they had played unwitting hosts for more than five years to the world’s most wanted terrorist. A deep water bore under the property has provided free water to locals since a pipe was ruptured during demolition. For now, the site remains littered with rubble, although that is diminishing as the army clears the plot and residents souvenir their own bits of genuine bin Laden rubble for posterity.
last month i finally figured out why a certain issue was causing me much pain in my life. it felt like someone had pulled the scales from my eyes. friend, for nearly 6 months this issue was a source of much grief in my life and i couldnt understand why till last month. looking back, i am beginning to think that maybe God allowed the scales to drop when he knew i was ready to face and deal with the real reason why i was hurting. do you know what mattered the most to me? that i had a friend that stuck through my craziness patiently hearing me talk about the same thing over and over again until i finally joined the dots and figured out the real reason why i hurt.
As we enter the season of Lent, according to Joel 2:12
Well yesterday morning was one of those mornings that follow a fairly sleepless night. I was exhausted and had scheduled to move furniture with my Hubby for the better part of the day. I groaned to Brent that I really wanted some coffee.
George and I behaved like proper tourists and got a 2 day bus pass for the Red and Blue City busses that took us to different places. It is a hop on, hop off set up and the bus is never late, and it doesn’t wait for you. It is the most efficient system I have ever seen and so well co-ordinated. the red bus takes you through the city, the blue bus on the outskirts. It was so awesome. Check out for the information on the busses: http://www.citysightseeing.co.za/
I thought I would never have to say this but Najib is even more dangerous and destructive than Mahathir in just three years for Malaysians and Malaysia.
The key decision in a Quest Plot is: what are the characters questing for, and will they succeed in their mission? Once you’ve decided this, you’re golden. You can start at Point A and work your way merrily to Point B, and if things start to get slow? WHAM. NINJA ASSASSINS. Problem solved, my friend.
Crazy Behavior.
2. Rauschenberg’s Combines at MOCA, Los Angeles
"It just tells you that this country cares about people's good health and about the care of the land.” "To have this sort of 'victory' garden, this message goes out that everyone can grow a garden and have free food."
"In awarding a contract to the spouse of one of its regional managers, the PLCB should have anticipated the reasonable public questioning that would result over a potential conflict of interest, regardless of whether that conflict was an actual conflict or the appearance of a conflict," Wagner said.
The release of the film The Hunger Games highlighted some worrying examples of othering recently.
My initial inciting idea was born and at first I thought it was quite an amusing theme. But very quickly this became a serious story and I wanted to show how dangerous ‘smoking a bit of weed’ can become. I have taught a lot of young people on the margins of society and some of them had been sectioned because of the terrible effects of cannabis on their mental health.
Don't these tomatoes look delicious? They are of some sort of dish featuring fresh (or so I assume) tomatoes. I'm looking forward to tomato season. This advertising postcard was published by Epicure Catering of Omena in Leelanau County, Michigan.
Somehow in the midst of feeling sorry for myself because I have the flu, a head cold or just a cold...how the heck do you know which one? They say "feed a cold...starve a fever" well I feed them both!
If you make any sort of move toward the front door, she starts saying "side, side" over and over. And heaven help you if you decide it's time to come back inside after playing for a while! :)
While I'm sure they're thankful that no one was hurt, I feel terrible for whoever lost their place and everything in it. If anyone knows the residents and can suggest any way to help, please post it here or on Brooklynian.
Try other colorless blender techniques on your own- Nasty Rag techniques will still give you good results. If you are dabbing blender on, test to see how juicy to add your blender, since it will spread more on glossy.
Just me and you
The first one was a challenge to use 'mostly' blue. :)
Perhaps unsurprisingly, when I visit schools, children much prefer this to the published book, which is an entirely different story. I can understand Orchard's reasoning that this original is too scary for the very young. In the finished book Katie isn't eaten and in fact meet a baby herbivore Hadrosaurus who accompanies her. A T. Rex does appear, but is rather easily pacified with Katie's packed lunch.
However, as a follow up, I got this message from Janet Reid:
Baby books are great ideas, but sometimes you're too busy.
“There certainly is,” said the Master.
1 ½ cups chocolate wafer crumbs
Last week, my human sister, Rachel, purchased a gift for JJ; a pink, pocketbook style dispenser with pink bags. The pocketbook attached with Velcro and fit right in with JJ’s leash and pink color scheme. Last night, my dispenser ran out of the last roll of purple bags. Unfortunately, Mom forgot to reload this morning. When I did my solid business, she scooped with JJ’s PINK bags. Oh, the embarrassment, pink Mom, PINK! You couldn’t figure something else out?
This year especially that adage for relaxation, “listen to the music, man” just might leave one with a sinking feeling.
So sorry it has taken me so long to post again. Not too long after my last, I learned that our school staff was going to be shifted around. After 17 years of working with first graders, I found myself facing a teaching assignment for a fourth grade classroom. While, it is not the stuff dreams are made of, I am dealing with it. The move was refreshing in one way-it forced me to streamline quite a bit, so I ditched a lot of things I was holding on to-"just in case". Then, last week my principal resigned so we have an iterim for the remainder of the year.
Jeanne would never allow me to say no to any of her dreams or designs that she had with the Quacker Factory trips. If there was something she wanted to add to a cruise program and I thought there was no way it could be done, Jeanne would say to me, “David, I don’t want to hear it can’t be done.”
So Twitter is responding to George Zimmerman’s father’s interview on Fox with perhaps the most equitable inappropriate and funny hashtag I’ve seen in quite some time. I don’t find it myself laughing as much as I am appreciating the complete dearth of credibility in George Zimmerman’s story. I’m hopeful for an arrest soon provided that is not the end of the story.
Bingo.
As sure as I need (and have) a “distribution partner” that is taking care of having the digital sales up on each and every platform (iTunes, Amazon, eMusic and so on), I need physical distribution partners and I don’t see that changing much in the long term.
“He irritates the fuck out of me. He’s got carried away with his own scepticism about the internet and it’s become a self-fulfilling prophesy.” Another blogger, on the subject of yours truly.
Most of the cups can hold three teaspoons (which is one tablespoon), and have lots of markings for a variety of measurements. So, instead of having to use a 1/2 teaspoon measuring spoon three times for 1 1/2 teaspoons of vanilla extract (and worrying about overfilling) or dirtying both a teaspoon and the 1/2 teaspoon, I just use a medicine dosage cup and fill it to the 1 1/2 teaspoon line. Not only do I have fewer spills, but it's also great for allowing the kids to put in these ingredients (and I know it will be easy for them to pour in).
Okay, now for what many of you have been waiting for...the Doctor POST :)
A lot of communication today has as its goal small shifts in perception or attitude.
Very little of value was stolen from the victims during what the police had previously referred to as a "robbery"
To which I am addicted.
That is definitely wrong.
So with this in mind, I have thought about how I might go about blogging this year. There are heaps of challenges and new link ups to join and I am am a chronic not-wanting-to-miss-outer. You know the person who is last to leave the party, pub, club for fear of missing out on the best part of the night? Anyway I am limiting myself to a couple of longer term projects and I will probably be a bit more sporadic with my link ups.
different departments getting out into the Norwegian countryside. I'm
Jay Jay can hardly wait and keeps asking:
Brian concludes:
He does but informs that the video will still be available that night. (Why didn’t they see it to private?)
According to some, these animals harbour the souls of dead tribesmen, who communicate with their living relatives via the dogs’ yodelling. Moreover, the natives believe that by listening carefully to the specific tones of a given dog, the identity of the dead tribesman speaking with its voice can be instantly recognized. Also, their vocal abilities have inspired an interesting legend in the mythology of Port Moresby’s Motu tribe, claiming that it was these dogs that brought the gift of speech to humanity. And in the vicinity of eastern New Guinea’s Mount Hagen, the native people imitate this creature’s whistling yodels as an effective means of communicating with one another over great distances.
i likes a certain party
A quote from the article that really intrigued me was how “Innovation never comes from the established institutions… It’s always a graduate student or a crazy person or somebody with a great vision.” That’s true and something that I’ve never really thought about before either. Good ideas usually come from someone who is really driven and passionate about something, like Khan. They don’t come from companies that are just trying to create things to make money and a successful business. The best kind of outcomes are from those who genuinely care like Khan does and who are trying to make a difference. Education is something that the US has been trying to improve and I think this is a great new idea to accomplish that.
The white powdered wigs and full Restoration costumes I saw in the dressing room were not what I was expecting. Guess the commercial was set earlier in the 1700s? There were three other guys, and three ladies. I went first, of the men. The wardrobe people gave me the best brocaded jacket. Golden yellow. Elaborate pattern on the waistcoat, along with an impressive row of antique gold buttons.
Because I will see him.
I really loved this book. It was at times very difficult to read. When Hassan is assaulted, when Assef beats Amir, when a father commits suicide as they escape from Afghanistan, when there is a public stoning at a sporting event now that the Taliban have taken over…author Khaled Hossein paints a vivid picture that will stick with you even after you’ve finished it.
…The All-Attractive always has all these and many others great qualities. No one else can ever hope to possess such greatness. He is the flag of good qualities and the palace of beauty herself. I lament because I have just been robed of him; Now I see the ills of Kali in the world.
Wanted to let you know about Movin On Up....Rocking Chair Stitches has decided to expand a little bit at a time this year and did so previously by having the blog and also applying for acceptance into two additional shows. We were accepted and oh my, NOW I AM PANICKING lol.
Jessica stared thoughtfully at the phone. She almost felt sorry for Howard. Maybe it was for the best though. She was getting worried about how much time he’d been spending on his “magic” lately.
17-year-old Vicky Hernandez has a big problem. She's dead. Or not quite. After discovering she's been turned into a vampire, she tries to settle into a quiet suburb of Chicago and return to a normal life.
1/4 c. + an extra splash of dark spiced rum
And, the Guest Designer for our next challenge, chosen from the Top 3 is:
“This is Ian Hays’ table,” he says, in a threatening way that is out of all proportion to the situation (a common trait of doormen everywhere, I’ve found over the years. They tend to take their responsibilities very seriously. An admirable but inappropriate work ethic.)
So let’s say you just can’t give up that glowing, just been to the beach look? There are many non-UV ways to appear tan. Jergen’s Natural Glow and others make your skin appear more tanned. You can also get an airbrush tan, it’s a temporary look that won’t leave you wrinkled.
Linoleic Acid – An essential fatty acid. Used in cosmetics, vitamins. Alternatives: (See alternatives to Fatty Acids.)
The home is composed of three interlocking pavilion-like structures.
Similarly with the alleged Christian opposition to science and progress. The Christian church has in many ways been the handmaiden of science, and the only reason opponents mention Galileo so often is he’s about the only scientist who Christianity didn’t always treat properly. What about the devout Newton, Pasteur, or Copernicus? The same applies to the clawidence Jesus existed (there is an abundance) or that The Da Vinci Code is credible (it’s a badly written pop novel), or that bad things happening to good people is somehow a difficulty for Christians.
Oh and most exciting news is we have your birthday all scheduled! July 13th at 7:30 am! Yup we are having you on Friday the 13th which Daddy thinks is so rad and so do I since your big sister Gabby also has a birthday on the 13th (in May though).Of course there is always the chance I go into labor or my water breaks before this date but for now your birthday is set to be July 13th, 2012.
Jalapeno Popper Dip
To distract you from the stupidity of the movie, we then see McLeod having hot steamy sex with a woman he doesn’t even know, the head of some kind of terrorist organization that was only written into the script as an afterthought:
Tom Jones
Add the water to the potatoes. Bring to a simmer, reduce the heat to medium-low and cook for 20 minutes. Add the chickpeas and cook for a further 10 minutes or until the potatoes are tender. Add the yogurt and the frozen peas, mix well. Cook until heated through.
Yesterday is gone and it will never come back.
Backdrops will take a nightmarish turn – grey reality will segue into a threatening red hued forest with shadowy trees. I felt that reality, memory and nightmare could be entered at certain points reminiscent of the dark corners that lead to hell in so many David Lynch films.
if you're in west london, there's a party coming to a place somewhere near you.
HA! I'm so glad you called out blondie and several other people mentioned the same thing, I told her she was two faced too. Someone also agreed with what you said about BW. I forget who but I laughed :)
In other news, this is what my side looked like a week ago:
Well ladies and gentlemen, I’m here. A year and two months later, I’m angry. Correction: I’m pissed. I’m aware it’s a little late. It’s not like you can yell and scream at someone who broke your heart more than a year ago.
I have decided that this is the year that my family will be debt free (with the exception of our mortgage)!! I am now a licensed insurance agent and that means I will be making commissions. I am going to use those commissions along with my VA and affiliate marketing income to start paying off our bills and to get the things that we need by paying cash. I really feel this is an accomplishable goal. We only have two credit cards, one doctor bill and one home improvement/business loan to pay off.
Be that as it may, Kilgore points out that the analysis is interesting because it shows that it isn't the wingnuts who have been "purging" the moderates in primaries --- it's a generational changeover, mostly fueled by retirements. There are reasons for the subsequent shift to the right, but it's not just because voters are assholes who don't understand how the world works.
I really think my Dad is going to be happy there. Especially now that the decorations are more to his liking! I don't know if he is going to be a year round resident or just a winter resident. I don't even think he knows. He'll figure it out.
yam sticks etc.) Farmers come in to talk to class.
This is a very important topic and I will be quoting a lot of scriptures; however, it will be appreciated if you read most of them from your Bible. This will make this article easy to read. The greatest resource on this topic is the Bible.
Randy was born in 1958, in Fort-Coulonge, Quebec, a small lumber town. In his childhood, he developed a debilitating neuromuscular disorder. “From what I can recall, I had a normal and well-adjusted childhood. I had two brothers. We got along well; even though things got a little rowdy at times, we looked out for each other.
Will keep you all apprised of results as they happen.-oh, that reminds me , I must take photos of the wearing process for this week! So far..the duct tape makeshift shoes, for the hinds, have worked out pretty well...but I am investing in the Duct tape Co. now..so I am looking into "RENEGADES" for the mare too. Thanks for the feedback for those.
These photos were taken on one of our "HOME DAYS". The messy hair, trakkies, and ipods all represent a lazy day at home!!!
2. Maro Ma Mestrez
When I wrote what amounts to a small book on Tango Etiquette, I did not think of it as a self-defense manual (for women) and tango community building manual (for new men) -- all in one -- but now I see it that way.
The tactic of negative ads hammering every single Romney opponent backfired in 2008, and now, Romney is faced with the same situation – polls indicate that the more Romney attacks his opponents, the less favorable he becomes – exit polls in both Mississippi and Alabama showed that the negative ads run against Santorum and Gingrich by Romney’s Pac gave him a net loss in both states Scripps News.
The side characters were a mixed bag for me. I had a hard time distinguishing Olivia's friends and they never really rose to Full Character Status for me. Every time one of them spoke I had to remind myself "Oh yeah, she's the one with the marker lips" or "She's the one with the acne" or "She's the other one." The most distinctive of Olivia's friends was her guy friend Johnny, but that's because he's incredibly annoying and I hated him (also, he's a guy, so that's a fairly notable trait).
The correct pace for a half-marathon based on fitness level is a deceptively comfortable one, and my biggest fear going into the race was going out at "only 6:40" pace, and then staggering in the last few miles. So the day before, I drove over my local high school track, and ran a 6:48 to get a get a good feel for target pace. At one point, I ever close my eyes while running, just to focus on rhythm and cadence. Then, I also did a few 40 yard stride-outs in my bare feet, which as I found out in a recent tempo work-out helped focus to form and kept my feet feeling fresh.
“One can only wonder what justice is for the AG, for his actions in the Al-Islam case show he is ‘not in the interest of justice’ in any time or situation.”
LOL... kind of sounds like the beginning of a Dr. Seuss book... huh?
This is a Martha Stewart craft...aren't they FABULOUS??? One of the few things that I have of my Mom's is her sewing box...and it comes complete with one of those old fashioned pin cushion tomatoes (with the pins still stuck exactly where she placed them).
Okay, enough of the hard stuff.
Contrast is used on each invididual page of the website. We all did a title heading which was b0lded and also a larger font size. This is in contrast from the other text on the page. We also incorprated bullet list on the pages as well so that the text would not be presented poorly on the page.
MTEMT Blog (mtemtblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Some accessories for the fire place lover would make for a great holiday gift this season:
Imagine that your client has suffered a crippling stroke or heart attack or has been diagnosed with cancer. Further imagine (and this will not be difficult) that your client’s medical and/or disability insurance are woefully inadequate and the bills begin to pile up like snow in a nor’easter.
It’s kind of weird to think that this time last year I was still on my old blog and I had not yet crashed my car, or gotten to visit the Brofam in their current Midwestern home yet, or gone to the Newport Folk Festival, or met Paul, or even started the Matchmaker’s prescribed dating plan, mostly because I had only just met the Matchmaker. I had cleaned up Oscar’s mess to end all messes, but we won’t talk about that too much.
At present we plan to have a professional choir every other month, which non-professionals have the opportunity to join pending an audition. We would like to train a non-professional choir to sing the chant at alternate monthly Masses. This is a great opportunity to learn how to sing the most beautiful thing this side of heaven. All you have to give is your time.
“Our visit to the Ministry took longer than expected and we had to move forward our appointments with the Swedish National Party and the Swedish Democratic Party. The very youthful politicians and activists of the Swedish National Party are activists who have already dedicated an entire edition of their party-publication to the Afrikaner cause – with articles about our history, the concentration camps, the Great Trek, the Voortrekker Monument, as well as the farm murders and the murder of Eugene Terre’Blanche. Clearly there is at the moment a strong awareness process among Swedish youth and we were astonished about the interest they displayed in our country, as well as the great many requests for more information. “
Commission
The house is always a mess, and it's quite hard for me to handle that- since it seems like I am cleaning up all the time..but as my dear Nan (87) says..."You can't have children without mess."
Eye Candy 5 Textures
And it's so freaking cute in person. The lamp shade on the outside is solid, so when its off it's just that burlap showing...but when you turn it ON....
My sweet Rylee came and spent the night with us last night! It is such a treat when we can get her one on one! WE will do the same with Bentley but last night was her special night! We will all be together tonight having a big Spaghetti and Meatball dinner! It is definitely one of our favorites! I am going to also make some bruschetta! The best thing about this bruschetta is that I can go out on my back porch and pick the basil FRESH! IT IS SOOO YUMMY!
Salamander Energy plc, Crude Oil Production, by Country 15
Decadent Chocolate cupcakes topped with dark chocolate ganache and brined bacon crumbles* paired with Mesquite Smoked Porter
And for that matter, would Harriet Harman, assiduously promoting her equality agenda as the General Election nears, wish to discuss gender issues with a man who, when charged with rape in 2005, protested in court that the alleged victim was wearing an extremely short skirt.
Today I took 0.2 kilos from yesterday (which made me gain 1 pound back) even if I was on goal yesterday. It’s probably because I didn’t drink enough yesterday or because of the episode with the birthday cake. It’s ok after all I asked for it and I can deal with it, I just have to keep on goal and exercise. The gain doesn’t matter because I was good yesterday, today too and I feel more positive about the whole weight loss situation. Going for a walk released some of my “looking for a new house stress” and I feel more relax than a few days ago.
The Geej: When can I go visit my old (Montessori) school and (her favorite teacher) Miss Kim?
Where is the dignity in that? It is understandable that people have to look for work to feed their family. But going abroad just to find decent work? There is something wrong with this picture. People typically go abroad to invest in business enterprises, not work for a marginal living. Filipinos want to be near their family members, but the fact that many of them have to travel halfway around the globe just to find a decent job that pays decent salary is something that has to be addressed by the Philippine authorities.
A BENEFITS claimant has been jailed for two months after he failed to tell council officials about a change in his living arrangements.
John J. Macreedy: What've you got?
and yes, we received our #3.
Yesterday, my suspicions were confirmed. My best friend has felt it necessary to deceive me on some many levels. All based around one subject.
“Two down,” her sick mind informed her sardonically as she stepped over the corpse of the captain. She bent to pick up the little ceramic lamp and filled it with oil from the captain’s flask. When the lamp flickered to life, she found she was in a room shaped much like the one above, except this one was carved and polished rock salt. Shining like crystal, the chamber was a faceted dome with the stone ladder descending like a column down the center. Four carved archways, spaced equally, led from the room. There was a tinkling sound coming from each, and Sharia gasped to see small streams of water running down the center of each hallway to splash through grates at the threshold of each as they entered the chamber where she stood. She had lost her sense of direction, and so turned to the nearest.
During my travels through Peru, I was fascinated by the women of this beautiful country. Their looks, their clothing, their arts and crafts, their day to day lives – be it weaving beautiful textiles or preparing delicious food – I was in awe.
My escape from the snow led me to the town of Seal Beach where I’ve spent s a couple of weeks puttering around, trying every restaurant and coffee shop in town. I also had a chance to see some more old friends. People from the pre-retirement days. It was great seeing them and great to be reminded once again that friendships will endure.
As fast as technology has risen and as far as our world has run towards the future there’s still time to turn some things back—a u-turn. a soft suggestion, a counter-cultural move observed by others to show that some things shouldn’t change. We can publish words on the screen to gently suggest it’s time to return to Him, but only Jesus can heal what the world has shredded. Denial can only last so long before reality crushes us and makes us aware that there’s more to this world than nature or science, but a God that runs it all. He’s in control.
Talking about Belle de Jour is going to be problematic, because my response to the film was a broader question that requires coverage of its own. So for the sake of clarity, I’m going to split this into two parts. The first is this piece about the movie. The second will be more of an open-ended thought piece on a certain type of French cinema from this era, a more ambiguous argument about context that’s admittedly a bit outside the scope of the film itself.
And did the Countenance Divine
These things are the flukes that just drive you crazy during the paper chase. Nobody did anything wrong. I can't say a word against anybody...in fact, once everyone was back to work both our adoption agency and home study agency were working all hours of the day and night to get us an approved home study report. I was VERY impressed with the way everyone came together to push us through...and finally my home study report was approved LATE last night. It's going to be notarized today and then overnighted to me, so I should have it off to USCIS (along with a copy of our I800A application petitioning to adopt a child from a foreign country) no later than Friday!
If you're the sort of person who doesn't consult Wikipedia, you might know the Twelve Days of Christmas better as an excuse for John Denver to get together with the Muppets.
SEE! A papier-mâché tomato chase someone down the sidewalk whilst perched on a skateboard!
Alex Jones is announcing an exciting escalation in the Infowar. If you have ever wanted to be on the front lines exposing corruption, tyranny and the New World Order, this is your chance!
with him even a little, that small
Jim Delany is one scary sumbitch.
How do you want this space to feel?
Now we have Rosie, and now we have yet another style of training. So far, anyway--at least, in puppy kindergarten--the training has been all treat-training. We give treats for sit and treats for down and treats for wait and treats for this and treats for that, and we play the "drop it!" game in which we distract the pups from chewing on our socks and shoes and other contraband by scattering treats across the ground and merrily singing, "Drop it!" And ostensibly they abandon the sock and scramble after the treats and eventually they will abandon the sock on the command, no treats necessary.
(Jesus is Prince of Peace)
Since showering generates my “great ideas,” I tried to retain this one the best I could because it was kind of funny.
Parting thoughts
Black & White, Vignette, and Holgoish with a Reflection frame.
Week 2:@ San Francisco- Despite the Lions being up 19-15 in the fourth quarter, the 49ers scored a touchdown and a field goal in a 49-second span, with under 2 minutes left in the game last season, to win 25-19. This year, the game is at Candlestick in San Francisco. If both teams happen to take Wild Card spots, this head-to-head match-up will be important come playoff time.
I heard a loud roar, so I quickly opened the door and stepped outside. I could hear the ice cracking from one end of the lake to the other in several places. I have heard of thermal contraction on concrete highways, but I didn’t know it happened on ice covered bodies of water. I never imagined a noise this loud, it lifted the hair on the back of my neck.
All of these beers are great for chilly fall nights without being too strong or overpowering as some of their winter counterparts. Flavors of the season to get you through the month of November!
However, these days I rarely get up early enough during the work week to eat a “real” breakfast. Most of the time, my day starts off with some yogurt, a piece of fruit or something from the vending machine if anything at all. So, when trying to come up with something to make for dinner one night, TGF and I decided to do breakfast for dinner.
Jordan Hasay (Oregon) defeated Kathy Kroeger (Stanford) for the girls Pac-10 title. How many times did we see these two go back and forth at past FL Nationals?! Stanford was able to take the team title on both sides.
We had to change up the itinerary a bit because of the weather. We stuck mostly to the original plan, but had the kids set up the army men upon arrival instead of doing the paper airplanes. We had to scratch the obstacle course because the ground was so wet, but were able to do everything else...just a little bit out of order. We don't have pictures of 'Drill Sergeant Says' or the 'Parachute Games' because I forgot to hand off the camera until after the parachute. Thanks to Papa for the birthday party photos!
As she says, she couldn’t possibly cover all the bases — who could possibly keep up? — so she singles out some of the more egregious examples, working backwards from 2011 to 2005:
“It is imperative that our citizens understand the facts behind this support,” Matt Hall, vice president of economic development and interim CEO for 1si, said in the statement.
9) The term ‘The Doctor’ refers to ______
sehet die erste Kerze brennt."
1. N.T. Rama Rao is cool.
Fri, 6pm: Yay! I’m leaving work! To go have drinks at Rosa Bonheur! Because summer has arrived! Yay!
"it's mommy's." Scully simply replies.
Nintendo gamers have much to look forward to in the coming months. While 2011 was almost completely barren for Nintendo’s home console, 2012 has promise. In one month, E3 2012 will officially kick off. Most gamers would testify that this marks the most exciting period of the year, flourishing with news and video footage of the most anticipated titles. Microsoft will impress the audience with Master Chief’s return in Halo 4. Sony has already announced a slew of first-party titles, such as Playstation All-Stars Battle Royale and The Last of Us, in addition to several surprises for the early Vita adopters. Some of these deserve an article all to themselves, but the show-stopper this year will certainly be the Nintendo Wii U.
In every corner of Minnesota and hundreds of places in between, you’ll find those 407 small-town post offices where window service is likely to be trimmed. The Minnesota list fills slightly more than eight pages on a 260-page document that includes some 13,000 post offices across the U.S. To read that list, click here.
On a sad note, I learned this weekend that the player who ran Adthar and then Olaf is pulling out of the group. He's nearly 14 now and academic pressures are mounting so there just wasn't enough time for him to give a full Saturday to the group. We wished him well and I offered any materials or support he needed if he was interested in setting up a gaming group amongst his contemporaries.
Could you please talk about your involvement with the DIY punk community, how you got involved in it and how it affects your lives (putting out your music, going on tours and playing shows, etc)
The music that we all now know as industrial dates back to the ’70s and originates from Germany and the United Kingdom. So, when it comes to the industrial, aggrotech, and even electronic rock scene, Germans know their shit.
This Abecedarian April challenge is forcing me to pour over my collection of dictionaries and history books in search of “new” old words that are no longer being used, at least to my knowledge. It completely cabobbles me why some of these words have been archived. Words such as croodle, which means to snuggle up to one’s mother like chicks under the hen’s wing. I mean, how sweet is that? What mother wouldn’t pull her baby close and whisper, “Come croodle with me, my wee sweet potato pie.” What about clamberskull? I mean, this word says exactly what it means: Strong drink that clambers to the skull. Need I say more?
But emotionally? In the middle of the night when I can't sleep? Do I regret passing on a book that someone else sold for a lot of money or that is now on the bestseller list? Well, what do you think? OF COURSE I REGRET IT.
Crouched on the floor, waiting by the door, I pondered other storms I've been through. Real storms. Life storms. The ones that shake you and throw you and toss you about.
Where to start from?
And dream of a world long gone
The heartbeat was a piston, churning with acid. She stuck out her tongue, lapping up the last of the sweetness.
This past month, Logan has continued to grow so much in the vocabulary department. In fact during our visit to Oregon this past weekend, I swear he learned 10 more words!! He regularly talks about Elmo and his favorite Sesame Street friends, and is also verbalizing his favorite foods "peas", "blues (berries)", "Cheese", "wa wa" and lets us know when he has finished by saying 'ah duh"... he also has picked up a couple other phrases such as "Happy Bees" (a favorite song in our house), and 'bye mama" and "I Of You!". And the best of all, over the past week he has begun searching for one of us saying "mama, are you?" His little voice is just so darn sweet and most of all, I LOVE LOVE LOVE how he has an ear to ear smile when he knows he is being heard and understood. It feels that all we are doing is clapping and praising.... just as it should be in raising little ones!!
Anne Shirley, of, "Anne Of Green Gables", once asked her best friend Diana something like, "What would you rather be, ravishingly beautiful or really smart?" I would rather be ravishingly beautiful. Even just for one day, to see what it is like. To have my husband come in from work and be SO impressed with me...and perhaps that day I would manage to get the house totally spotless...and have a wonderfully healthy and delicious dinner on the table. And the dog would be all bathed and fragrant and well-behaved. People would drop in and remark how clean the house is, and the teenagers would be proud. I, of course, would be feeling invigorated from my five mile run, accomplished with absolutely no flapping noises, since in this daydream, I am seriously thin. Too thin, so I must make up for it with a stack of oatmeal cookies. Okay, I went from Ravishingly Beautiful to Supermom to ridiculous.
I need to think bigger.
Who come and go,
As you prepare your home for an open house, you should make the decor as tasteful and unassuming as possible. A conservative buyer might be offended by any liberal books or items you have on display. Bear in mind that your goal is to create a more universal type of appeal. Try to make it broadly appealing, instead of narrowly focused on those just like yourself.
This year, Ryan and I have seen God do so much in our personal walks with Him as well as with our family as a whole. It's been a big year of learning how to be good stewards of the money He has given to us and really learning the truth that it is ALL God's. Even though we've been brought "low" this year, He has still richly rewarded and blessed us with fun activities, vacations and our "daily bread" - giving us all that we need =)
The backhoe came in and we stood there as it filled in the dirt and tamped it down. They replaced the grass, adding turf as needed and tamped it in place.
And we’re down to the dozens, and this is why…
Xlibris offer seven different packages;
I also hear this woman say, “I miss you like you can’t imagine,” to the man on the other end of the line. I can even see her smile as she whispers words of comfort and security. I smile when I hear her laughter, the soft laughter which I am sure makes that person far away smile dreamily as well. That person far away whom I cannot hear no matter how much of myself I immerse in this little corner in my head. I cannot hear what he says to make her eyes light up like they do at such moments, but I know it must be much more than I can imagine when she tells him, “I don’t have to dream of you; you are my dream.” I wish I can hear those words when I am outside of my head.
We can't forget the desserts too! My auntie made this delicious cookie tray, JustJenn brought delicious and cute cupcakes and my cousin made these fried cookies.
This book would be great for a book club wanting a light read. There are many aspects that would make for great discussion, especially the differences between being a strong woman and a woman of strength.
Some of them talk to their handsets like it’s war.
On my first day I was shown into the room of the then Principal Administrative Officer of the Town Clerk’s Department in which I was to forge my career. (The Town Clerk's Department was the legal department and serviced the political machine ie the elected council.) I can recall his words as if they had been uttered yesterday. “You have joined The Town Clerk’s Department of Liverpool Corporation. The Department will train you. You will be sent to University. You will receive promotions as befit your ability and application to the job. You will have a job for life. In return you have to remember one thing and one thing only. Your job is the same as the job of every one of the thirty thousand employees in the Corporation. Your job is to serve the public. Remember that above all else." And he meant it. Whatever else most people I worked with thought about their job most truly believed that they were serving the best interests of the public of Liverpool.
Money Remaining: $291,653
We’ve stumbled and laughed near the abandoned warehouse we're the weeds grow out of control,
Next morning, I run into her teacher at school. First thing out of her mouth: "I can't BELIEVE that the OG didn't get commended performance!"
(2) Jenifer Simon Paul Billy Mbah
Percvial (1) states that the Canterbury Whitebine, Farnham Whitebine and Mathon Whitebine are so closely related in botanical character that the cannot be distinguished form one another and are, no doubt, one and the same variety. The Farnham White Bine was originally selected from a cutting by Peckham Williams around 1750 as I have detailed earlier. Though it has long been sold as a Golding variety this plant pre-dates Mr Golding’s famous selection as it is, in fact, the parent plant he took his renowned cutting from.
1.) Man in the Mirror Ministries with Pat Morley – Morley and company are the premier thinkers in the world of ministering to men. Their website is super user-friendly. You can read countless articles on men’s ministry, men’s issues, etc. You can download and listen to men’s Bible studies taught by Morley or watch them online. You can also sign up for a number of training events that Man in the Mirror holds or purchase some fantastic resources online. Great website that goes well with an incredible ministry to men.
We want you to go over and read the Destructoid interview because they ask some great questions, but we could not resist stealing
Ever been to the Sengkang Sculpture Park? No? Here are some pictures. You can walk from the Sengkang MRT to get here, then follow the LRT lines to Compassvale Street .
Nakamura postulates the Chinese emphasis on particular, vivid, and complicated details reflected in other aspects of culture, as in literature and art. In the world of Chinese martial arts, or kung fu, highly complex sequences of moves, transitions, and countermoves can be stated in very short order, but would very extremely difficult to describe in English.
And share with others
Community
COST: $5 suggested donation benefiting SafePlace
When last heard from, Bob had disappeared in the desert on his way to the Adelaide Fringe. He was stuck in Coober Pedy, the opal mining centre of the world, accompanied by Australian comic Jimbo and by Jimbo’s amiable animal mate Gary the Goat. They had encountered a Czech opal miner who might or might not have a daughter he is trying to marry off.
My life from His death. Hallelujah!
3:38
i am thrilled that so many of you are joining me in this adventure to put more effort into taking care of ourselves, and having fun with it!
The terror is real… and it will not come from the Mayan prophecy, but from the preppers. Prep yourselves people. Prep for the preppers. We’re all going to face a whole new level of crazy. Feel the fear…
Do the Friday dance!
Temp: 99.0
Roll up the beef slices and secure with kitchen string or wooden toothpicks.
General Azazi questioned the logic of a party constitution that seemingly closed the door on President Goodluck Jonathan, when in fact the constitution which made him president clearly said: ‘hey man, you can run’.
This seems like simple common sense to me, but when you get sick, sometimes that just goes right out the window. I’m not proud of it, but I clearly remember leaving screaming messages on a former nephrologist’s answering machine when he would not call me back about surgery I was having in just two days. (I finally had the surgeon call him.) Yes, he was an incredibly arrogant person who had no respect for me, but did it help that I treated him – shall we say – less than respectfully, too? Answer: Nope, it just helped my self- respect fly out the window.
How can I educate myself to do something new, if everyone around me is doing the same thing?
In fact, Richard Brodhead made no statement, of any kind, about the case on March 22; and he never claimed, one way or the other, to possess knowledge on who did or did not attend the party.
The song is sung by the wonderful Katie Doherty who is an award winning musician and composer.
All of the (many, many, many) flowers from the funeral had been brought into the room and two women were busy in a corner stripping all the petals and placing them into a basket near the head of the casket. As the main woman sang that unearthly song, everyone in the room stood up and began to file past the body in a circle, picking up a handful of petals out of the basket each time they passed and sprinkling them over him as they whispered their final good-byes.
4. - 6. Jerry Garcia
White Labs WLP029 German Ale/Kolsch yeast
What is Screnzy? The NaNo equivalent for script writers. We have 30 days to write 100 pages of script. Screenplays, stage plays, TV scripts, and comic book scripts. Any script. It’s time to write visual media.
I adored the sopranos,never saw it when it was on tv at the time but bought the dvd box set and took six weeks to watch the lot ,I didn’t like the ending but made up my own mind what happened that suited me… Not what I know was meant to happen. Great series and sadly missed!
With Indian Festivals round the corner you can whip up some quick and easy sweets as offerings. It can be your usual prasadams or any sweets that you can offer on the festival day. Again the type of sweet can't be repeated, for example if you make a ladoo for a day, it can't be repeated again during the other six days.
A blog created by NY literary agent extraordinaire Janet Reid, Query Shark takes queries and viciously rips them to shreds. And then follows the ripping with sage advice and vaguely shark-themed non-sequitors, such as "Thanks for being my chum!" It's like she's some kind of half-shark-half-human mutant or something.
The Blair Witch Project (1999)
Sunday, again nothing unusual went on. We did the same 'ol church routine. I felt slightly more tired and the soar/scratchy throat lingered but did not get worse......until Monday.
Well that's all for now. My life really isn't too exciting, is it???
But, then I heard the first single off the new album (“Strange Clouds”), and it made me start to think even more… It was one of those songs where I didn’t hate it, but I didn’t like it either… So I was stuck midway. After hearing “So Good” I started to learn towards the album being a positive release… Let’s see if I’m right…
I decided to make two pizzas this evening, and still have two dough balls for more tomorrow if we want it. I asked my wife to make some dough in the bread machine at about three o clock so it would have time to prove.
Then Jason rejected Melissa on live TV and asked Molly to give him another chance.
For now this book will have to do.
“I’m sorry…”Yoochun apologize with smile and unconsciously kiss Junsu’s forehead. For his surprise, Junsu doesn’t flinch or step back but smile instead.
Larry K
- Comfy nursing bras. I used my nice ones the first few days and, oh my goodness, once my milk finally came in, they ended up being a little too supportive. I liked the sports bra style of nursing bras better the first few days. There are no words for the pain of engorgement when your milk first comes in.
I know it may sound lame/stereotypical (especially considering I'm asian) but I'm beyond glad that the past couple of years of worrying, trying, 'failing', almost giving up, being unsure about where I was going, how I was going to get there and if I was even going to make it has been put to rest by this little miracle. I do believe it is a miracle because as R has said, my marks were 'woeful' (thank you dear).
First things first: the 21 Minus contest has winners! I shall be mailing a bag of coffee to the lucky Emily, hopefully sometime today or tomorrow. As we've seen in the past, I am challenged in terms of sending things in the mail, but at least coffee isn't breakable. Le sigh. A fly got into my coffee this morning. They're having something of a fruit fly epidemic at the dining hall. Here's a brilliant idea: if you want to keep the flies OUT of the dining hall, CLOSE THE WINDOWS. You know what's outside the windows? Trash cans. Dumpsters. Know what lives in trash cans and dumpsters? Flies.
The almost 6-minute long picture kicks off with Jesus (Rick Gonzalez), who sports cornrows and dons a thorn crown, riding a motorcycle through modern-day Jerusalem with his revolutionized Apostles, who are all wearing biker leather jackets. Mary Magdalene (Lady Gaga) is seen riding on the same bike as Jesus and clinging on his back, with her blonde locks sweeping in the air. At some point Gaga even try to warn Jesus of Judas’ (Norman Reedus) impending betrayal.
If yes, is it:
NO Brick or wall surface cleaning, including power-washing
an easy thing to write on paper, but a challenge to live out in our every day ordinary lives, with all its obstacles and difficulties, bad hair days and valleys.
4 Beef Short Ribs (Approximately 20 oz each)
things that felt right as opposed to doing things so they'd
To preempt rebuttals from those who defended PNoy (Ipasa side); the critics (in the form of columnists and disparaged cabinet secretaries of the former administration) blurted out un-merited prejudices, unsupported claims of PNoy’s inadequacy, irrational arguments that can make the mind bleed with a mixture of disappointment and disgust.
Briefly analyzing all these factors, one comes to the inevitable conclusion: why on earth are you not dragging Chinese shoppers over to Japan in droves? Give them their tacky bottle of baijiu at a place with a table, let them pour it themselves and just keep someone on staff to make sure there’s enough bottles around. Whiskey works too. Why are there more sales people than Chinese tourists at Armani Ginza in rush hour? Take a leaf from Taiwan and buss them around like lined up duckings in perpetual pursuit of stupid sign if you have to!
BLITZER: All right. We have a very important subject, housing. Not only here in Florida, foreclosures really, really bad, but all over the country. And a lot of people are wondering if the federal government contributed to the housing collapse in recent years.
I even learned how to make bananpeze for Claudy to take as a hand out. It's a Haitian take on fried bananas. I don't like them, but, that's probably good. I like enough fried foods!!
“Let them not blush in Me, that wait for Thee, O Lord, Lord of virtues” (ver. 6). Again, the voice of the Head, “Let them not blush in Me:” let it not be said to them, Where is He on whom ye were relying? Let it not be said to them, Where is He that was saying to you, Believe yet God, and in Me believe? “Let them not blush in Me, that wait for Thee,” O Lord, Lord of virtues. Let them not be confounded concerning Me, that seek Thee, O God of Israel.” This also may be understood of the Body, but only if thou consider the Body of Him not one man: for in truth one man is not the Body of Him, but a small member, but the Body is made up of members. Therefore the full Body of Him is the whole Church. With reason then saith the Church, “Let them not blush in Me, that wait for Thee, O Lord, Lord of virtues.”…
Of course France these days is run by cowards who have caved into the wishes of the five million(conservative estimate) moslems that have been allowed to infect their country. In fact, they caved in quicker than their army did back in 1939.
I would like to continue punk not profit and fortify your lust,,,quest,,, and hunger for truth thru sound.
Great ***
Le Manoir de Kerledan is situated in cenral Brittany and provides a fantastic base for visiting the region. If you'd lke to know more about staying there just drop Penny a mail, and she'll give you the details.
At the same time I’m hearing and seeing talks from males that they want a “submissive” lady friend. Answer me this gentleman: Do you really expect the woman who chased you to be submissive once you’re in the relationship? To the assertive/aggressive ladies: How do you feel when you are doing the chase? Especially, when the feelings are not being reciprocated? Please and thank you.
Off I went to class….part of this torture was jumping rope for three minutes!!! My thighs were screaming, as was my bladder, having had two babies who used it as a trampoline when they were in my tummy!!
October goals:
Happy Monday everyone, how was your weekend?
Alanna is probably the only biographer of Parker and she digs very deep into his Dutch shadowy past.
Just because we live in the era of media overload doesn't mean we can't find a beneficial use for these new venues. As writers, as artists of words.
22. coolwhip(she wrote that herself copying the cool whip "bowl", aka the fancy dishes in my mom's collection)
I have been hot on the birthday card trail. We have a serious bday problem around this time of year. My girls will be 7 and 14! Their bday makes me feel older than my own bday! Where does the time go?
Bird Ranch 2 Fire, TX
Where does this misconception come from, how did it start? I have always known men (agreed, on the Continent) who gave flowers to their loved one and vice versa.
You haven’t lived until you ingest some Listeria. And you may not continue to live if you do.
You tend to be quite sensitive because you experience through the lens of feeling. The number 9’s deep understanding of life is sometimes manifested in the artistic and literary fields. If drama and acting isn’t your forte, it will surely be an area of great interest and potential. Likewise, you may be able to express your deep emotional feelings through painting, writing, music, or other art forms.
Only one who devotes himself to a cause with his whole strength and soul can be a true master. For this reason mastery demands all of a person.- Albert Einstein
Step 1: Gather your hair in a ponytail. You can gather your ponytail on the top of your head for a higher bow or to the side. Tip: use a thin hair tie to easily hide/cover it up (see step 8).
Michigan Governor Rick Snyder gained public support and university frustration when he put a ceiling on public university tuition inflation in last year’s Michigan state budget. This year, he’s going one step further in an ongoing attempt to keep college costs down.
There was a lot of talk last weekend about libraries and how many were threatened with closure. It got me thinking.
I am running a half marathon this weekend and am so nervous about it that I could puke just thinking about it. I looked at the route online and panicked. Here’s to hoping I make it. I mean, there is a beer garden at the end so…there’s that to look forward to. I hope I have a cheering squad (aka that Brian gets out of bed) to encourage me and then have a beer with me after the run.
The acting is uneven. Chris Hemsworth still gives the same look in every scene. Jeremy Renner and Stellan Skarsgård, both fine actors, have not much to work with. And Mark Ruffalo and Robert Downey Jr. are still the two thespians who truly embodied their roles.
And do you see how close we are to them? I’m taking all these pictures from inside the car, while we are driving. Though the driver was very careful and a great driver we were still extremely close to all the people walking and motorcycles and cars and trucks riding along with us. Oh… I do not miss driving in Indian roads.
Tom had been in his usual spot the day they’d moved in to no.32. The smart navy blue removal van had perked him up no end, gold lettering and all. None of your cheap man-with-a-van here; they must have stuff worth taking care of. There’d been an awful lot of boxes and some of them had looked right heavy. He’d been there when they’d pulled up in the car and gone into the house for the first time; her carrying two laptop bags, him carefully holding a cat basket. No dog though, that was good.
Nobody else can do it for you
I wandered and read and tried to take photos ... then tried not to get lost. Then tried to avoid the mourners of a funeral in another chapel that seemed to have ended.
So unless you like to chew on teeth achingly brick-hard chunks of lard flavored bark, then skip the Pork Scratchings.
those branches in the breeze."
Ben reached for one of her hands and held it.
I had a good workout this morning, though I am little sore from yesterday. I have been incorporating some Pilate moves into my routine and boy, can I feel it in my gluts (a.k.a. bum). As they say…you gotta feel the burn. These days though the muscles stay tight for a few days and scream at me “What are you doing to us woman?” Then they just kind of give up and once again surrender to gravity. I am not making it easy for them.
2-8 The Idea Of Decline 4:24
Caden and Colton are doing really well too. They are on a really good schedule and have been sleeping from 7:30pm-7:00am for a few weeks now. They are growing so fast! At their four month ped appt they were weighing in the 82nd and 93rd percentiles and I affectionately renamed them the "Chunky Monkeys". They are really good babies and only cry when they are tired or hungry.
"They" also have a requirement that I write this thing in third person.
So, let's get this straight. The man fronting a campaign for an EU referendum believes that the British public would vote for continued membership, thus wiping out euroscepticism for a generation – which is why he wants a referendum. This is a campaign that eurosceptics should support?
(Three Blind Mice)
for almost 7 years. She has 9 friends, who are numbered No.1~No.9. They have been living together for a long time. They all look similar to each other; long dark hair, fair skin, and petite figures. Though they look so much alike, No.0 makes clothes for them according to their unique personalities. Every day, she enjoys dressing the girls in the morning and undressing them at night. However, strange things start to happen when she decides to become 24 on her next birthday. One by one, her friends go missing until only No.0 herself is left. When she turns 24, she discovers the hopeless truth that her best friends didn’t exist after all and all of them were her split personalities which became her imaginary friends in her refusal to grow up.
But it was a stupid question, stupid and melodramatic, and at the green light I left it behind and pushed the accelerator, my tires gripping the horizon until one last sliver of cloudlight emerged, and I lifted my foot to behold it one last time. Such breathtaking height, a motionless explosion of pink and gold that towered silently over the paths of little airplanes, restoring justice from the stratosphere. I longed for it like a prisoner, like the promise of a future whose time has not yet come, and may never.
“If you want to reach millions of women to prevent cancer, you don’t cut off one of the country’s largest suppliers of breast cancer screenings,” said Sonia Ossorio, President of the National Organization for Women in NYC. “This is a reckless and irresponsible decision by the Komen Foundation, one that should be reconsidered.”
The Mairie is a very imposing building, looming above the square where the metro stops
Mr. Cayabyab propelled his then amateur career through a song writing competition—the Metro Manila Popular Music Festival (MetroPop) where his composition Kay Ganda ng Ating Musika won the top prize in the first run of the contest. Freddie Aguilar’s Anak failed to win any awards at that time but went on to become one of the country’s most popular songs. Other hits from the same music festival include Hahanapin ko and Minsan Pa by Jose Mari Chan, Narito Ako and Isang mundo, isang awit by Nonong Pedero, Salamat, salamat Musika by Gary Granada, Ako ang Nasawi, ako ang nagwagi by George Canseco, Ewan by Louie Ocampo, Bulag, Pipi, at Bingi by Snaffu Rigor.
Was there anyone cooler in the 90′s than Zack Morris? Look at him. He could get any girl he wanted! AND he had a cell phone bigger than a human head. Talk about lucky. Over the years, Zack had his fair share of shorties on Saved by the Bell. I didn’t realize HOW many though until I actually wrote this article…and holy crap this dude was a player! Sure, he had AC Slater to compete with, but in the end Zack always got the girl. Zack really like variety with his women: white, black, handicapped, fat, skinny, tall, gay, mothers, nerds…you name it. Let’s take a trip down memory lane as we look at the best AND worst of Zack Morris’s love life.
Do you understand what irony is, do you even know what a one liner or even a rhyme means.
Men who sunk the pilings and mixed the mortar are laid
What I'd like to do is start by talking about the dystopian future where (when?) the book begins. Reader PAK writes in the comments section: "The description of a managerial-society on Terra, especially the apparent merging of the US and USSR into one bleak, super-bureaucratic edifice, is especially reminiscent of Erich Fromm's description of mass-neurosis in The Sane Society." I will ask Anne Dick if PKD talked about this book, or Fromm in general. The Sane Society came out in 1955 so it may very well have influenced Dick's future world.
Fortunately for Tom he doesn’t have to spend the rest of eternity in a hippy grave with his head sticking out above the surface as it turns out his transcending death plan actually works and he is able to ride his way to undead freedom, stopping briefly to mow down a passer-by and to get some petrol.
I reckon Defence Force chief General Peter Cosgrove sums it up pretty well in one of the ads when he says that he reckons Australian soldiers would hate to be thought of as anything but regular men and women despite having done a job for their country that was nothing short of extraordinary. I reckon they might also have appreciated a quiet beer at the appropriate time and that they might just have cut loose on leave at one time or another. Raise A Glass is as much about remembering them and taking the time to ‘share a beer’ with those no longer around. It certainly DOES NOT glorify war, nor does it encourage, promote or condone idiot drunken behaviour.
They did not like the results. Apparently, many French smokers have decided that they're just not going to adhere to the Neo-Bishops of Do-Gooderism. Oh, but of course, the anti-smokers always have an answer to everything:
Let’s close by considering these words of Paul found in the first chapter of Colossians. Pay close attention to the use of the word ‘all’.
Go forth with great joy, for indeed these are the days of the manifestation of My kingdom. In these days the reality of a supernatural church will begin to be understood in the land and will be according to My purposes, says the Lord. It is My will for My people to live in the glory of the supernatural realm. The supernatural events that you desire to see will become a reality, which will establish you in a greater measure of faith than ever before. So, arise and come forth into kingdom purpose, says the Lord God Almighty.
'What do you expect a novelist to do, deny his feelings?' asked Martin Amis, when finally, towards the end, a questioner challenged him outright about what Maureen Freely calls The Controversy, reiterating the point he made in Saturday's Guardian.
HMRC in conjunction with iSE are offering this session free of charge! Places are limited so please book early to avoid disappointment.
And, although, with children, it mostly turns out ok, even if (like me) you have absolutely no clue what it really means to be completely responsible for another living being that depends on you for everything. With kids, once you plunge ahead, there is no easy way out. After six months, you can’t just dump your offspring in a shelter because the baby is way more work than you ever imagined. You pretty much have to go ahead and finish the job of parenting, or go to jail or hire a really good nanny or do a half-assed job of it and have to deal with the guilt and sorrow of having your kids turn out bad or maybe even writing a terrible memoir about their childhood.
You may be wondering where the money was all going if there were no debts and I was making such good money. Why did I have to spend all the money from my part time job to fix up the house. Just a second I will tell you why.
And all I can taste is this moment, and all I can breath is your light, and sooner or later it’s over, I just don’t wanna miss you tonight.
I felt like it was missing something, so I ran back to Lowe's and picked up one more board to build a shelf.
Add A Border
After walking around looking at huge, non-elegant jewelery and fending off the Rolex sellers, we headed to the Fish and Vegetable market. The odour just outside the fish market had me gaging, but it was OK when you got inside. There were fishes of all sorts there, small, big and huge!! We saw baby tuna, full grown tuna, sharks and eels. The vegetable stalls had practically everything you could want, except Gem Squash. We bought a box of the softest, freshest dates I have ever tasted, and headed back to the creek to grab a taxi. On our way out we came across Hammerhead sharks lying on a half wall outside. They were huge!!
The consecutive chapters follow a similar pattern describing the grody, ambi-sexual, cheap-thrill chasing Evangelistic coprophiliacs involved in variable imbroglios, and occasionally each other’s lives. Mazelike narratives and enigmatic exchanges reign supreme, and can be as ambiguous as Morse code would for one with impaired auscultation; but add an invaluable dimension to the mockery and debunking of cultural stereotypes, pharisaical belief systems and herd-like consensual submission to the values of pseudo-democratic liberalism. The next character concerns Ginger’s mother, Francine Kafka, former drug peddler and high-priestess of half-wits. Enthused only about what speaks to the hypocrisy of her “Amurica Profundant values”, she keeps Ginger’s brother and “mommy’s number one bitch”, Rusty, in his bedroom with benighted widows, which he dare not scratch for fear of being “spanked with a shovel”, while his dormant homosexuality is evaluated by the school psychiatrist. Francine’s wrath explodes in an uproarious monologue when she admonishes Rusty by saying: “What the hell you thinkin’, that some smelly brown rectum’s your idea of paradise? Maybe I’m jumpin’ the gun, but I sure hope you is gonna make use of condoms and enemas in your adult life; there’s a fearful amount of disease associated with the ass. And even then, one can’t go round indiscriminately offerin’ one’s backside lovehole to every stranger as if him were the Royal Blue Prince.” Sound advice courtesy of mamma Kafka, indeed. Then there’s Djzheemi Sparks, a “closeted monster drag queen clown” who does his slap in the dark because it makes “more sense to him to get it wrong”. Djzheemi is a victim of a ghoulish childhood with a “paw” who spent most of his time at the “shit doctor” having his rectum examined “for cancer bumps,” and a maladjusted Queen of Shit Mountain mother. Unsurprisingly, perhaps, Djzheemi is undergoing some sort of psycho-traumatic prostration and finds himself in a “subterranean chamber leading to the dressing room of Fraulein Baykalskaya’s nightclub, K Hole Slut Rehab,” where he is prepared for his impending sexual lobotomy.
We are all the cupbearer in this story. We have had our ups and downs. Sometimes we have been the king’s officer and sometimes we have been banished. Sometimes we have been in the prison of bad health, bad economics, bad thinking, or bad something else and we have found our way out of that prison back to health, back to wealth, back to power, back to life as we want it. Wherever we are, do we forget what got us there, do we forget what service or grace was given us by those who have helped us, by those who have saved us? Are we ungrateful?
2/3 cup pickling salt.
“And to think we met at Surf”. Surf referred to Surf Reality, a performance theater in the Lower East Side of Manhattan. My friend Jennifer commented about this to me in response to a bunch of photographs I put up on my Facebook page.
7.) I get creeped out by some pretty weird stuff: soup skin, cloves stuck into an orange at christmas, really graphic medical drawings of lungs in science textbooks, bamboo shoots cut too close to the ground, the thought of eating a blackboard eraser, the sound of paper towel coming out of an old dispenser – THESE ALL GIVE ME THE HEEBIE JEEBIES.
I'm still standing in one place, but looking around and wondering...
3 Know that the LORD is God! It is he that made us, and we are his; we are his people, and the sheep of his pasture.
Elizabeth Marcellin
I don't want to let go of him. I want a chance to talk to him more. To know him...
Features & Benefits:
NYX Eyeshadow Base White
Unfortunately this raffle is only for Australian residents, but feel free to still donate if you live overseas (like one sweet girl did) and I'd love to send you a thank you card.
Emphasis here on “help” because the FLSA rule change is, as logicians say, necessary but not sufficient. It would, however, rectify what seems a clear case of economic injustice.
Repeat Tail through Row 6
Much love from 3KE!
I will probably take a little hiatus from this blog while I try to find my way out of this tunnel. I know how pitiful I sound right now, but I am trying my best to figure out how to be okay again, and hope that I will be back sooner rather than later. I hope that you will wait things out. I promise that as soon as I can find some joy again, I will let you know.
Announcing the news, joint administrator Geoff Rowley at FRP Advisory said the administrators will ”be conducting an urgent assessment of all stores and concessions and look to communicate to staff and suppliers at the very earliest opportunity.“
I’ll be honest, I almost never whip this modest associate out. In fact it would have been years since I rode that pony had it not been for my pseudo-monk-like-husband and his recent vow of celibacy. After my post on Saturday (click here to read Sabotage), to curb the risk of having to gnaw off my own arms, I took advantage of the empty house and relieved un petit peu of my sexual tension.
South Australian School of Art (SASA) Gallery
before all things it is necessary that he hold the catholic faith,
It’s who I am, don’t have to try hard
Now, as I hauled all of my infested stuff back out, I didn’t feel quite so superior. Instead, as I emptied bag after bag of clothes into a row of commercial dryers, flinching at the sight of every bedbug-size piece of lint, I felt utterly, insurmountably alone.
Another technique you'll notice, is that I sort of shake the can as I spray, I don't just hold it straight to the subject. I never really noticed that I did that, until I started watching this video. The reason I do it, though, is so that build-up doesn't occur on my painting subject, thus resulting in drips.
And now we have all new nice and modern plumbing. We also capped and removed an old stack that ran to a dry well in the backyard. Now it's all consolidated into one nice little space that we can frame around without creating extra an bulkhead, bump out, or soffits.
The unimaginatively named Rabbinic Excerpts in Medieval Karaite Literature is now another resource scholars of rabbinics must consult on matters of text, readings and reception history of the rabbinic text. But it is also a repository of a culture negotiating its relationship with revered predecessors represented in this world by bitter enemies; a story of cultural appropriation and literary positioning. In that sense, Tirosh-Becker’s book is a collection of artifacts still waiting to be read.
First of all, the setting:
I love how girly this card came out. I'm planning on saving it for Mother's Day.
He is your friend, your partner, your defender, your dog. You are his life, his love, his leader. He will be yours, faithful and true, to the last beat of his heart. You owe it to him to be worthy of such devotion. ~ Author unknown
Guess what I answered ;DDD ‘I look good in everything… That`s the point.’
Wellington is on a different Island so Zebby and Mickle are fine.
Thirdly, Samad's paper, and numerous other sources, claim that the fish was attracted to the victim by the scent of urine in the water. Now, it is true that fish excrete ammonia through their gills and the candiru's natural behaviour is to swim into the gill slits of fish and to attach themselves to the blood-rich tissues to feed. Ammonia and urea are dangerous to a fish's metabolism if allowed to build up in concentration inside the body. So urea is released in urine and ammonia is excreted through the gills. Therefore, it seems quite logical to assume that it is ammonia - present also in urine - that attracts the candiru to a possible host, fish or human. However, this was proven not to be the case in 2001 when experiments clearly showed that candiru identify potential hosts by sight, not smell, and have no specific ability to detect chemical attractants.
This is where I started. This is where the path revealed itself. This one matters the most to me so I am making it available at a most reasonable rate. $26 includes shipping US, $31 international. When interested contact me directly at rabbitlange@gmail.com
We made enough on the sale of the house to cover everything, and had some spare change. We kept it simple, sold but fricken nearly everything. Had about 20 kilos of personal stuff and mementos, photo albums, CD’s etc in a box that we shipped to UK about two weeks before the plane flight. The rest came with us in our bags, packed to the max.
Mighty to Save written by Ben Fielding and Reuben Morgan and performed by Hillsong on their album Mighty To Save.
What he doesn’t know is that I will be submitting the piece to the writers group next week. I wrote it so it will stand alone as a piece of sudden fiction.
Hey, what’s that shadow?
Last night (40 days later), first and second places went to British rowers who arrived in Barbados 26 minutes apart - with the next boat more than 100 nautical miles away.
George Fonts/Shapes - Stars
Where was all this cheering coming from? I looked behind me and into the second level seats where there were hundreds, if not thousands, of rabid CSUSB fans cheering as loud as they could for their Coyotes to pull off what would be a miraculous upset.
Recent rainfall has them out of the fields this week.
2. Moong dhal, 1 cup.
“We don’t go to the theater to see appropriate behavior.”
“We love and accept you even if you are bisexual?” Or, “Even though we don’t understand how you can be an atheist, of course we love and accept you.” Or maybe “Christ teaches us to love and accept all people, so we welcome and accept you, no matter what.” Well, a girl can hope, even at age 45, that her parents love her unconditionally. But that does not seem to be the case. Is it really that hard to say that your religion has perhaps taken the wrong stance all this time and that perhaps accepting others, no matter what, is a Christian thing to do?
toward the place where boozed-up
First time I've seen Moochelle Obama in person.
Earlier, the group of about 500 hundred people had been creating street theater at Montgomery and Market in the Financial District at noon (click here for a nice photo from Axel).
1. CHANEL #5- CHANEL Allure EDT is clean and sheer, warm and sexy. Allure is a perfume whose facets interact like a fragrant diamond, intensifying each other as they unfold, like the notes of an harmonious melody. True allure arises from simplicity. A lack of contrivance. Allure is a fragrance that evokes each woman’s own very special allure.
To say that I was impressed by Pamela's creativity would be a huge understatement! I loved her interpretation of the challenge and I was totally inspired by it! So....I hope she won't mind that I'm recycling her idea for today's project.
No host nation has ever failed to reach the second round of the World Cup. The USA managed it in 1994. Both Japan and South Korea did it in 2002 - the Koreans going all the way to the semi-finals. South Africans fear their team could be the worst hosts in history. "It could be really embarrassing," says Robert Marawa, the country's most popular football broadcaster.
Well my Cool Fonts and Colors I used on our Real Letter are not on here, but here is our yearly Christmas/New Year Letter they are going out to Our Family, Friends, Church Friends, and Correspondents this week so if you are one of those you might want to wait and read it when you get it in the Mail :)
Freebooking is all about the results AFTER the book is no longer free. If the book is the first in a series, hopefully you've linked to the next book or to a newsletter signup. In my case, I regret I did not have a newsletter to link to at the time Spoil of War went free. I did, however, provide a link to my blogs and I included a few sample pages from SECTOR C, along with a link to Amazon.com for it and for the Extinct anthology. Not ideal, but the purpose is to offer something more of your writing.
They have experienced so much pain to be 15. It's heartbreaking. Disease, tragedy, heartbreak. It is all in this novel, and it is handled with SUCH delicacy- such care- that you can't help but want- to NEED them to heal themselves.
Every year for the last few I’ve wanted to go to SXSW, so when they released their Showcasing Artists this week I was very excited.
Church was also a chance to finally wear the black lace skirt and gold blouse I had bought ages ago. Even did my nails in matching gold.
“Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted. But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities.” (Isaiah 53:4-5)
Focusing on sharing for little ones might help them understand better – generosity is sharing without hesitation
More Haitians live in Miami than anywhere else in America. Their presence does not seem to please Miami’s Cubans or even its blacks. Last year a black activist tried to prevent government funds earmarked for “African-Americans” from being shared by Haitians. This angered Haitians, who reminded Miami’s blacks that Haitians will soon outnumber them. This may not be pleasant. A letter to a Miami newspaper from a newcomer suggests relations are not good: “My experience as a Haitian-American with African-American schoolmates was one filled with racial epithets such as H.B.O. (Haitian body odor), Haitians eat cats, Haitians are boat people, and Haitians have AIDS. These African-American kids were taught at home to despise Haitians.”
That expectation, the one of sunshine and gentle life, is another thing that I find curious. Easter is a celebration of life, yes, but in some ways, it is a holiday of horrors and extreme emotion. As Christians tell the story, it’s preceded by a horrible death of a very good man. Jesus was also God and therefore perfect and innocent, and his death, completely undeserved, is considered an atonement for the sins that all the rest of us busily commit. There was great anguish and pain – not only His, but also for His disciples and others who loved Him – present for days. From the cross, an instrument of tortuous, suffocating death, Jesus cried out, “My God, my God, why have You forsaken me?” Pain, abandonment, disappointment, probably fear, maybe betrayal – Christ must have experienced, with dreadful immediacy, the whole, crushing range of dark human emotion until death relieved him of that burden. I imagine his disciples, family, friends, and other followers experienced similar, albeit somewhat less intense, feelings. They loved Him. They’d banked on His promises. Can you imagine how it must have felt to watch Him die? To live with the knowledge that He was gone, dead, and far beyond human reach? That Sabbath must have been a very dark and hopeless day for them.
I went back on Metformin tonight. I am starting out on 500 mg./ day for the next seven days. If you care to know what this drug does see here: Metformin and PCOS . I am going to lose weight fairly easily on this drug as it controls my Insulin Resistance and High Testosterone issues. Metformin also blocks a percentage of carbohydrates from going from my digestive system to my blood system. One of the side effects is it makes you (me) sick as a dog while my body gets used to it....so there is another way I will lose weight -- I won't be over eating at all.
mulch it all up in the blender!
Peter Brown is a very influential scholar credited with having created the field of study referred to as Late Antiquity (250-800 AD), the period during which Rome fell, the three monotheistic religions took shape, and Christianity spread across Europe.
10:00am. While hurriedly taking public transportation to the main terminal to catch a bus to catch a train, the downtown traffic stopped, swallowed its own tail, and pondered its predicament. It just folded up itself, pouting like a toddler who didn’t want to eat its oatmeal. Metal boxed me in from all sides. Honks punctuated the standstill like a thousand modern gunslingers bent on justice. We simmered in exhaust fumes that seemed to have every advantage over the thin mountain air, that in all actuality, barely exists in the first place. Most passengers accepted this fate and settled in for the long haul, but one elderly woman insulted the driver—as if all the world’s problems sprouted from his very seed—, humiliating him in a voice more appropriate for a construction zone, then stepped off in a flurry of swear words and disappeared into the sidewalk masses. I was happy to hear other passengers console the driver. “Don’t pay her any mind, she’s crazy” and “Continue sir, we’re with you” were voiced from the twenty some rows inside the blue-painted school bus.
But again that is a simplification as well. The film brings the painting to life is one way to describe it. Another way is to say that we enter the painting and see the lives of the people portrayed within the painting as they really are – which means full dimensionality, motion, action, and sounds.
I still believe. I believe with all my heart. One day someone will see me. And they won’t judge me, they will just care for me. Maybe even he will see me… fall in love with me. A girl can dream…
Years after
“Genres are about emotions,” Morrell says, “and the emotions a story evokes determine the genre it’s in.”
One friend didn't show up but sent an apologetic text explaining how a rather unpleasant stomach bug made it imperative for her to be within 10 feet of a toilet at all times, and also demanding a full description of Wolverine's bum (and preferably his "meat and two veg") when we got to that glorious part of the film. I sent her a text back suggesting it would be detrimental to her recovery to get too excited and therefore refused to meet her demands, good friend that I was and having only her welfare in mind. I won't say what she sent back, it wasn't terribly polite.
Granted, you can’t just take this baby step on a random Tuesday in April and never again and then expect to see results. Keep taking those baby steps.
The official 45-minute waiting time for passengers from outside Europe arriving at Terminal 3 was broken 82 times in the first two weeks of April. The longest wait faced by non-European passengers was 91 minutes.
When I went on my shopping spree, I found only the Rochefort 8, the medial beer in the range. This puts Rochefort in a slight disadvantage, because with Chimay and Westmalle, I found the largest in their respective ranges. Rochefort 10 (which I've enjoyed in the past) is richer and creamier and hotter with alcohol, but not a radical departure, so I think my tasting of the 8 will suffice.
The appointment was for 11AM. I fidgeted. I opened Excel spreadsheets. I gnawed on my fingernails.
2 suggests
Yet he never gives interviews, has never stood for elected office, and is virtually unknown outside Westminster.
In 2010 Stacy Shinas began Jack Be Natural after having her second child. She and her husband John now sell products from 11 different manufacturers. They created this company to share their knowledge on natural products. Read their whole story here. At Jack Be Natural you will find a wide array of items. Not only will you find the latest and greatest fluff, you will find detergent, toys, clothes, baby gear, and even goodies for mom. If you are new to natural, then you can read the many helpful articles and can even watch video tutorials. If your bun is still in the oven, you can create a baby registry. Plus, you get $1 with every $15 you spend with Jack’s Cash Rewards Program as well as a free sample with every purchase. I have to say…I am impressed. The next diaper purchase I make will surely be from Jack Be Natural.
to open my hand
WELL USED MOVING LIST
I'm not saying that I dislike the beer, I just don't perfer this style of beer. A couple of things that I did enjoy: the smoothness of the beer itself, and the crisp clean flavor. Before I knew it I had already downed 2 of them (not bad for a beer that I didn't think that I liked all that much). This style beer is probably best enjoyed in a small beer glass (which I didn't do).
I slept well that night.
As for the media and your beef about Bachman, there are many examples of this door swinging the other way.
1 envelope (1 ounce) dried onion soup mix
I’m hooked. I must admit. I saw it again on the weekend when I was out for a short ride. I was just pedalling myself to some new places when I realized I had one of those goofy grins on my face.
She was born to fly.
● Operations Manager, Transportation Industry, 12 Years
My sister, Suzette, put this together...the ornaments were a nice finishing touch! If any of you guys remember last year's tea, you'll see we added some red to the decorating scheme this go round...I love RED!
Lo and behold, I was dilated to 2 cm! With Renae and Sammy, I never dilated until labor began so this was pretty encouraging. With that in mind, and the fact that this was my 3rd baby and my chance of having a normal vaginal birth was high, I decided to go with an induction the next day.
To replenish the purse, there are various ways, the most popular of them – translated from another partypoker rakeback, the exchange of cash or other electronic money in exchange (the list is the Webmoney site), bank transfer, acquisition of special WMZ-cards. Strictly for the remittance of money to enter the commission does not take, but all types of transfers is usually meant for a small additional cost, usually 1-5%. To withdraw money available the same ways, except cards, the commission system is 0,8%, plus possible commission brokers.
There is the case of a famous, high-rating TV chat show where the producer asked a PR person for major star A as a guest on the show. It would have been a coup for the show. The PR said, “Well, if you want A on the show, it would be nice if you could also put X on the show.”
This brings me to today. I woke up with dark circles under my eyes, despite getting plenty of sleep. We didn't get to our school time because I was busy trying to find cheaper car insurance (saving the rantings about how much I hate getting car insurance quotes for another day- which luckily for you means never because I'll forget!) Our big plans include staying home and resting, because everyone is getting a little crazy out of sheer exhaustion.
So it is with these principles in mind that we begin our journey. It won’t be easy. Never is. But with the focus and clarity to be found in our common passion – nudism – we can cut through the unnecessary layers and ultimately achieve… success undressed.
After the Julie Q&A was the Buffy photo ops portion of my day – I went for a Julie photo first, then waited around with the Toronto Buffy Fan club crew until we got our big group pictures with all five buffyfest stars. There were enough of us that the fans had to be split up into two groups, so I was in the ‘costumes’ group because I’d dressed up in my Simon Tam outfit.
Mahir Erkan, in the beginning of the speech, repeated the word of our lecturer Burak Buyukdemir about the way how to make a blog visited more and more. He said that you need to choose the theme and post the writings on the topic you like and you feel you are professional in it. By this way the rating of the blog will always rise and the results will be grateful. Hope I made it clear.
on Tuesday afternoon (20/12) we actually fitted the door!
So if you are a man or a woman, the law will be the same for both of you. Unfortunately, that’s not the case in India. And there is a good reason why this has happened, its because if one reads further in the article 15, which says the following:
Cleaning the bathroom floor
I counter sunk the fixing holes to make sure that the fixing bolts wouldn't get in the way of what ever I was trying to sand, I used a Forstner bit to make the counter sinks, I made the holes big enough to fit the washers in as well.
I've reached a turning point in my life. I'm at that age where it's too late to go back to college, and too early to retire. So I need to find something new to do with my life. I think it's time for Beer School.
I have placed limits on reassessment to keep me sane and to prevent students from waiting until the end of the term. Students must give me 48 hours notice so I have time to put together a reassessment. Learning objectives from each chapter are broken into two groups and students can only assess on one set each day. Students can only reassess on Mondays, Tuesday s, or Fridays. Finally, a student must reassess within three weeks of the previous assessment on a particular set of learning objectives. If they fail in that attempt, they can reassess again as long as it is within the next three weeks. The goal of this last limit is to prevent students from waiting until the last few weeks of the term to churn through all learning objectives.
Please pray for the following (in addition to all of the other requests!)
“We can accept that Penang’s land title is higher than in Sarawak, but it cannot be higher than 35.8 times,” he said adding that because the state government refused to use the open tender system in the sale of state land, Sarawakians were only getting “three to five percent of prices which are quoted.”a
it. Almost all weight loss pills/drops/drinks, you name it, that are out there work on the principle that speeding up your metabolism will help you burn fat. While this is true, the way they do it is to speed up your heart rate.
it carried such British royal sting.
I’m a sucker for quiche. I love it – it’s cheesy and filled with delicious vegetables, but I have a special spot in my heart reserved for Quiche Lorraine. That’s because it has bacon in it.
Fall in love with the L’s
How is it that designers truly believe that emaciated, doe eyed, mussed hair models are the best ways to advertise their products? And by products, I mean their ridiculously over the top clothes, shoes, make-up, and accessories. All of the ads were exactly the same. Every advertisement showcased a hungry-looking, he/she with too much make-up, ridiculous hair, ridiculous hair, and the same vacant look in every single picture which included big eyes looking off into space with "seductively" parted lips. Missing from all these lovely pictures? Smiles. Not one. Not even an ironic smile. Everyone looked mad or sad.
one thing that can be claimed with any certainty after giving it a once-over is that a
He loved to write;
Needless to say, having a business reporter for a girlfriend has its privileges.
Speaking of parking lots, one of my favourite haunts – the Buffalo Grille on Bissonnet – is being torn down because the new HEB grocery store wants to exercise their parking lot rights. (Houston is famous for its lack of zoning laws, but apparently there are a few caveats.) I have been eating pancakes and BLT sandwiches at the Buffalo Grille since I was a student at Rice University, and so have many other people – but no; apparently this beloved institution has to find a new place to live.
carefully to determine how it stacks up against their new opponent. Leave your vote for the sample that resonates with you the most. Don’t forget to offer some opinions if you have time. Anyone reading this can vote, so blog/tweet/facebook/text/smoke signal everyone you know and get them to participate as well.
The museum entrance fee is RM12.00 (approx $3.69) and is well worth the visit. The Qur'an and Manuscript Gallery is but one small part of the museum but contains a respectable number of beautiful books. I have included a small sample from my photographs below (photography is permitted in the museum, provided a flash is not used).
Others who are not yet ready to exist on such higher realms of Living will naturally find themselves departing Earth. We say to you all now, do not fear what is to come. Do not fear the passing of those who are not yet ready to exist in the new energy. Give Love in all situations you see occurring, as this period you now find yourselves in is so very important, and we wish we could fully communicate the scope of how important it really is. Do not fear this transition – embrace it.
At hindsight, it’s clear that every single one of the main characters fall into a stereotype. That isn’t a very bad thing alone, but the problem is that they never manage to break free from the clichéd character traits they’ve been given. Only Jintan and to a lesser extent Yukiatsu manage to get decent character development.
When I first started out on this writing adventure, I was 23. Nine years later, and with five completed manuscripts under my belt, I remain an unpublished novelist. But the amount I've learned in those nine years is immeasurable. Once upon a time it was my goal to be published by my 30th birthday. Now, two years past deadline, I've given myself a little bit of a break and pushed it back to 35. And since technically I'm only turning eight years old today (thank you, Leap Day!), I'm actually doing pretty well for myself.
brief career as a state legislator devoid of legislative achievement
had so much love for me
The King’s English
You are it!
O'Hanlon's Brewing Co. Ltd. Thomas Hardy's Ale 1986
Sometimes in life you feel led to take the road less traveled. And as you are rolling along, enjoying the view, difficulty or hardship . . . or a deer . . . will hurl itself at you rendering you motionless for a time.
I had something in my head, in my bowels, somewhere, where-ever gut feelings and brilliant ideas reside. It was about my voice, my literary voice. E@L's voice, the voice I want to have when I write being me trying to write like I'm writing like E@L - yes, me too, fuck it, I get so confused trying to emulate myself that it all comes out like the shit you have after a night on the piss and curry.
What did I do? Spring cleaning. Seems a bit contrary to clean house when it is mud season. I am not usually one to do spring cleaning. I save the big cleaning for winter but we have been painting Evan's room and the house has been discombobulated. After we put Evan's room back in order there was a leftover piece of furniture that I had planned to put in the cold room. Isn't it always the way ? Like dominoes one project leads to another until all all the pieces lay down in a nice neat line. Anyway, the cold room got a really good clean out. There were boxes and boxes of canning jars. They have been rinsed out and put on the shelves in the empty spaces. All ready for canning season. Mark brews his own beer. He had too many beer bottles stashed away for the eventual day when he might fill them all up. We negotiated an amount that would work for both of us without being left on the floor. There were a couple of science experiments in there that have met the compost pile. Lets just say this was my room of shame. Now it is efficient, spacious and shameless. Nothing like a clean conscience.
The second season, we laid out a raised bed and filled it with a truckload of good dirt. My ambitions were BIG — peppers, tomatoes, watermelon, cantaloupe, squash, carrots, beets, green beans, strawberries, a raspberry plant and a blueberry bush. It was a dry spring and suddenly a wet summer. Our yield ran mostly to peppers and tomatoes. The melons showed promise before rotting from within. The strawberries stretched their roots but, as we expected from a first year, they were stingy about production. The other plants withered and quickly died.
For the Lord, who is jealous of his honour, will accept the last even as the first. He giveth rest unto him who cometh at the eleventh hour, even as unto him who hath wrought from the first hour.
There’s a principle called- Peak to Peak
Vic Chesnutt
A point of criticism for the media in general: these articles rarely say what it would mean to "close" the parks. I have a lot of respect for journalists who knock on politicians' doors and ask hard questions, and even saying that they asked but didn't get an answer would be an improvement for most of these articles (there's no discussion of what "closed" means in this one either.)
an important thing to remember is that it is best to use a crêpe pan but to be honest, any fry pan will do. the advantage of a crêpe is that it is made from steel which conducts the proper heat and the sides are beveled which form the proper edge to help make the blintz leaves. i use a 8 1/4" pan (measured from side edge to side edge) to make these. if you are using a fry pan, try to use one which will form the exact size (a finished 7 1/2" crêpe).
TIP: Check out “Apps Gone Free” daily postings of paid apps that are free for a short period. This would only apply if you have your own iPad. School purchased iPads wouldn’t be able to accommodate such a quick purchase. Sometimes it’s just that day, sometimes for a few days, but a great way to save money. Many are games, but there are some other kinds of apps every now and again. Check our their website click here.
What are your lasting memories of performing with Mephiskapheles?
Several pieces of news for you today! Firstly - I'm coming to do my first show in the Midwest next May! May 18th-20th in Kansas City, Missouri I will be at the Spectrum Fantastic Art LIVE show - should be one of the best art shows ever - myself and 200 other artists you know from the Spectrum annual series of books (the best in fantasy, science fiction, illustration, horror, film concept art, etc.). For more information visit my official Facebook Event Page for Spectrum Fantastic Art Live HERE or scroll down to the bottom of this mailing list update.
Yes, I am back again. Not what you expected but here I am. And today I have something on my mind again. Just a simple little story about what I found in my mailbox this morning. A new copy of the recently released region 1 DVD of the movie Howard the Duck. I know I have written about it before in this blog. But the new thing about this DVD is the bonus documentary featuring new interviews with some of the cast and crew members of the movie. They tell the story of the making of the movie and of their reactions to it being a box office disaster and given many bad reviews. The movie was a bomb, no doubt, but it also have had a following of loyal fans from the beginning. I am one of them. From the start many years ago, in the 1980′s, I liked the movie. Not many did then. But I am happy to find out now that the people who made the movie still like it and are proud of the work they put into it. And I am glad the movie is finally released on DVD so that old and new fans can watch it again or for the first time.
Lots and lots! After all the changes I made writing it, it was still too long and convoluted. Earlier versions were about 70,000 words long, but my editor was keen on tightening the story, so a huge amount was cut. I've happy with this though. I think the story shines through and it doesn't outstay its welcome. Admittedly, it could be frustrating for some readers as much of the backstory is now hinted at rather than explained, but I think it was a good idea to remove it.
So what is freedom by choice? I am looking at the choice of the individuals when it comes to personal freedom, free to live with their family, friends and the community. In corruption for instance, mostly part of white collar crimes people choose to exchange their freedom with instant benefits. Coupled with position of power and loose policies, one party will be demanding them while the other party is desperate seeking what is rightfully theirs. The result is corruption, ranging for the right to sand mining, right to government contracts and many more. Those people in power, in bright day light rob the powerless ones; forcing them to abide their rules (self made sometimes) and forcing them to pay for favours. From their justification, it is fair and from the powerless it could be a small fortune for a big favour.
Ezekiel 23:20 I replied, giving her lovely flat chest a healthy amount of attention before I walked off.
(The Modern Guide to Teaching Children Good Manners)
McKelvey gave the llama a look of wild surmise, as Cortez’s men did when they first saw the Pacific Ocean, as described by Keats in On First Looking into Chapman’s Homer.
- Twenty-three Great Japanese Micros
I decided to treat my sweet and bought our tickets to The Avengers early. The news thrilled him. Score bonus points for me! Anyway, I’ve got high expectations for this movie, let’s hope it doesn’t disappoint…
i am interviewing My Doctor and Smoking Cessation leader on Tuesday, The Hypnotherapist onm Wednesday and i will interview my wife over the next week or so i am on track to pretty much where i want to be which is to have interviews done before the end of March.
It all sounds stupid. But it doesn't stop at stupidity: Night Of The Lepus continues on to become what could kindly be called the worst idea for a horror movie than remaking House Of Wax with Paris Hilton.
The English seem unstoppable, as far as I can see.
That's why we wrote the VIC 20 PROGRAMMERS REFER- ENCE GUIDE...a book that gives you more information about your VIC 20 Personal Computer than any other source. This guide was compiled from the experience of Commodore's international Programming staffs in more than half a dozen countries, and is designed to be used by first-time computerists as well as
Creating a Pattern and Using the Pattern Overlay Effect
Cloudy, high of 46 degrees, low of 39 degrees, 20% chance of rain
Ok, to the food. Apologies for the rubbish state of the photos... I was very nearly having hunger shakes as I hastily took them.
Indoor/Outdoor seemed to be the theme of my weekend. The days were gorgeous but I also had lecture all weekend for my Pilates Certification Program. That meant that as soon as I didn't have to be inside anymore, I wasn't!
Prince of Peace
After that, I decided I wanted something inside as well. As it happens I have some old calendars that I keep for arts & crafts purposes, and one of those was a Peter Rabbit calendar. So I cut the front and back cover off together and made a little standup rabbit to guard my one plastic egg.
RA: 317.67°
-Chicago’s Allstate Arena concert sold out in minutes forcing the second show to go on sale, which also sold out over the weekend.
Six Servings: $1.28 per serving
The light fixture. Was there a light fixture here? I think so. Maybe. Can't remember.
It was kind of fun going through all the pictures I’ve collected. Many can be easily deleted, as soon as I figure out what I was thinking when I took a picture of a featureless patch of grass. Others represent fond memories of family life: a wedding picture of me and my wife, my son’s graduation from elementary school, the time our cat thought it would be fun to go for a swim in the toilet. Still others are from my business trips overseas.
However, the need to ensure that we have a clean judiciary shouldn’t just be relevant in the context of how it affects our country’s international standing as an investment destination. In other words it shouldn’t just be ’bout the money. At a very fundamental level the courts are intended to regulate the relationship between the government and the citizenry. If there are allegations that judgements are skewed through the granting of favours or money to judges then it doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out that those allegations need to be thoroughly investigated immediately.
Ligeia loves Paris. The beautiful city with the vibrant street life, monuments and history is amazing, and it suits an open minded girl like Ligeia with her alternative style a lot better, then her hometown Rennes with more narrow minded and conventional population. But she recommends Rennes for a visit, to see a traditional French town with a combination of medieval streets and more modern buildings.
I still remember the feel of a letter in my hand with the handwriting expressing personal feelings and information so simply with nothing more than a pen. In fact, the wait to receive a letter itself was so joyful. And, you would feel like reading the letter again and again. Today, does the email or SMS give us the same joy? When people personally write by hand from afar the letters remind us that somebody somewhere has made time for us to sit and patiently write to us. Today, it is the age of the computers, of technology ruling the lives of humanity. It is the era of web sites and emails, of chats online and portals. Be it a letter or an article, one makes use of the keyboard as it faster, easier and more convenient. One does not have to worry about anything else. Where does that leave the poor pens, those lovely long hand instruments?
a) have a “she” in your life who wants to get slapped in order to have an orgasm
When you peruse the books, you will notice that they cover a multitude of math and language concepts. They give some suggestions for other summer activities, a suggested reading list, science experiments, social studies, and outdoor extension activities. Some of the books offer a free online companion with mobile apps, online games, and interactive family fun. Does that sound like a deal for $12? I think one real advantage is that this is a simple, easy to follow plan that can give you guidelines for the summer and not be disruptive to your family plans. It appears that much thought has gone into the production of this material. However, that will only prove as beneficial as your commitment is to following their guidelines.
-After struggling in 1947 and putting things together in 1948, he truly flourished in 1949. Manager Leo Durocher switched him from catcher to first base, and Gil responded with a .285 average, 23 home runs, 115 RBI, and 94 runs scored in the first of his 8 All-Star seasons. He tied with Duke Snider for the team lead in homers, and trailed only Jackie Robinson's 124 runs batted in. He would top 20 home runs in 11 straight seasons.
Jones
It was a so-so foodie experience, but I still enjoyed it because I was with my mom. She had spaghetti and regular yumburger, but I wasn't able to photograph it as her food was delivered first and she ate it right away.
We will be married for 39 years in June. We are finally throwing Murphy’s Law to the curb. No more will we allow Murphy in our lives. Mr. Murphy and his friend, the evil one have been eradicated; removed, eliminated and exterminated!
Rarely. Writing erotic romance and erotica is part of my life. However, I won’t let my parents near my books, lol.
So today, I treated myself to things I have never done before. A manicure and a pedicure. Also, I got my eyebrows professionally done (which I have never done before either… and I have always hated my eyebrows!). And let me tell you… I do not know why it took me so long to get this done! Manicures and Pedicures are absolutely amazing. My hands are SO soft, and I seriously almost fell asleep in the massage chair when the amazing girl was doing my feet. It was so relaxing… and I think what made it even more awesome was the fact that I knew I deserved it. I have lost 44 pounds (I was down another pound this morning!). 44 pounds. On my own. No magical pill. No weight watchers (not against weight watchers WHATSOEVER… I am just stating I am doing it without it). That is a pretty amazing feat. I am running. I am working out. I am eating right. And I deserve to treat myself.
Today we enjoyed having local author Colleen Smith at the Denver store for a discussion and signing of her new book, The Laid-Back Skier. We are excited to have it on the shelves at Swoozie’s; the whimsical illustration is delightful, and the spirit is playful. Read below to learn a little bit more about Colleen and the inspiration behind her new book.
My interest here is in that parenthetical comment, “natural selection tends to dispense with unneeded traits.” It’s a statement that anybody who has ever had appendicitis might take issue with.
1 x Cadbury Rubik's Cube,
FROM TCC SOURCE
I had a pre-Thanksgiving chat with a friend on the phone while trying to figure this all out. I said I was trying to figure out how to cook Dan and Marilyn. He told me not to serve a potatoe with them. Will anyone reading this laugh at the 20-year-old political humor?
Will Libya have anything near the stability it enjoyed over the last 30 years? Will its people enjoy the mountain of state benefits available to them under the Gaddafi rein? Will Libyans be able to retain ownership of their country’s bounty of natural resources, and see the state reinvesting its profits back into their country for the benefit of future generations?
Paranoia set in before I handed over my documents, and in retrospect, I wonder if the uniformed border guard smelled my delusional fears as I sat in my hatchback waiting to cross into the United States of America.
“Is this my only option? If I don’t do this, will I become blind?”
Those who know me best will attest to this fact, and for those who do not, well....strap yourself in, the funhouse ride is about to start!
it will never be mine.
Going on rides in the car
The takeaway: Consumers’ perceived safety nets are often full of holes. Many funding sources they reference would not cover living expenses for an extended period. What’s more, most people don’t understand their disability insurance coverage—or even know if they have any.
It is our prayer that your ministry will grow and be refreshed as you focus on the priorities Christ taught and lived.
Abul Qaqa, spokesperson for the sect told Premium Times, in an exclusive interview, that his organisation was fed up with the deliberate misinformation being peddled about it in the Nigerian and foreign media.
Flowers-Bazzill
Please save this page to your favourites as we will in time- be based here rather than the other site.
From Janaye, a perfect stranger (and I mean that quite literally):
Just saw, speaking of greatest, RESEVOIR DOGS. He doesn't connect the dots, you don't really know what happened, and it is full of bizarre and offensive dialogue. BRILLIANT. He seems to love the junk movies we watched when we were kids, kung fu, crime, action, horror etc, and he does them brilliantly....
As well you know, I love beer, and I am indeed a lady. So commercials like this one, well…they suck. And there are a number of reasons why. And I’m gonna list them.
Red chilli - 1
When I spotted this Urban Decay 24/7 Eyeshadow Pencil Stash in a local shop in our city centre I picked it up immediately.
But it felt ‘so good’ to be cold. And I finished my hat just as we were starting to drive into the curves of our 4-hour drive. It was perfect timing.
The Greatest Gift – Almost four years ago, my life and that of my sister’s began to change. I graduated high school at the beginning of June, which meant that in a few short months I would be off to college. I was dealing with the thought of moving to a different state away from all that I knew, but I didn’t realize how much this change was affecting my sister until I found her crying in the car after my graduation ceremony. Instantly, my big sister vibe flared to life and I was ready to kick someone’s ass for hurting my little sister. I asked her why she was crying and, between sobs, she told me it was because I was leaving and with me not being around, we wouldn’t be able to see each other anymore. That brought on me reassuring that we would see each other plenty during holidays and school breaks, and that we still had the entire summer ahead of us to spend time together. (She probably wouldn’t like the fact that I am writing about this, but I’m going to anyway because it needs to be said) That day, we cried together in the parking lot, on the way home, and again later that evening with our family during a gift exchange. We aren’t the kind of family to say “I love you” often, why I don’t know, we just don’t. But what happened that day expressed the love we have for each other more than any words ever could.
... “When she told him that she loved him, his response was not “I love you, too” but “thank you”—as though he appreciated that someone loved him.”
Format: Invasion is a sci-fi/mystery/government espionage YA novel. It stands at 320 pages and was published by Thomas Nelson on January 4th, 2011. It is the first book in a series known as C.H.A.O.S.
This sign reminded me of the lettering associated with the movie A Christmas Story. Now, let me set the record straight-- I love this movie and it's a tradition for us to watch it--especially when TBS plays it 12 times in a row. Every year I try to recruit my children to be followers as well! My husband, on the other hand, not a fan at all. So this sign was what I bought--I didn't buy the leg lamp--so I'm really doing my hubs a favor!
Beyond tailor’s measure lies quiet, secret measure.
Leadership is also misunderstood to mean directing and instructing people and making important decisions on behalf of an organization. Yes, leaders make decisions. Yes, leaders instruct and teach. However, effective leadership involves much more than these.
Thank you and good luck.
Help us to set our sails and show us that flourishing might.
At the end of the day all I could come up with is this though:
Scarlett Johansson as Black Widow and Jeremy Renner as Hawkeye are both great in their roles and together, though they fight along side powers their humanity doesn’t slow them down, the fight alongside the others well and their backstory is touched upon, I feel we could do with more of these two in the future, they are brilliant together.
Each year, the City University of New York (CUNY) enrolls more than 450,000 students City-wide within eleven senior colleges, six community colleges, the William E. Macaulay Honors College, the Graduate School and University Center, the CUNY Graduate School of Journalism, the CUNY School of Law, the CUNY School of Professional Studies and the Sophie Davis School of Biomedical Education- equaling almost half of all college or university students in the City of New York.
You may be wondering right now if GOD will accept you. The answer is yes. "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved" Romans 10:13. Whosoever which means it doesn't matter weather your boy or girl or short or tall or what you look like or how much or how little money you have or if your disabled or not. http://www.google.com/imgres?hl=en&gbv=2&biw=1022&bih=571&tbm=isch&tbnid=VtRGuwc6S5hdzM:&imgrefurl=http://jackwoodard.wordpress.com/2011/04/22/to-go-to-heaven-you-must-be-born-again/&docid=IHaiPggTuvMxqM&imgurl=http://jackwoodard.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/jesus-christ-pics-1112.jpg&w=640&h=452&ei=hgp-T4-BJ8riiALyvdWeDg&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=85&vpy=214&dur=375&hovh=189&hovw=267&tx=115&ty=118&sig=116399563033025264842&page=4&tbnh=114&tbnw=161&start=63&ndsp=22&ved=1t:429,r:12,s:63,i:301
Still, all the apps felt wrong to me. I wanted my son to have nothing to do with any of them.
I did a fair amount of skating as a kid. Most of it of the 'roller' variety, but the mechanics are essentially the same. But there was plenty of ice skating too. I remember spending many a happy winter afternoon ice skating at the dingy little rink in Murray Park. The place smelled like damp socks, and the fries they served were always soggy and over salted, but I liked it. I think I even took some lessons there at one point. But my childhood recall button is notoriously faulty, so I could be wrong. Still, I swear I remember some sort of skills test, or something...I did well...lady said I was in the wrong class...
Essentially, Mein Herr is helping me achieve something I have been attempting to do since I was in high school. I have been writing the same damn book for eight years and this is why, when I think about the fact that it is now in the editing stages, I want to scream an endless howl of happiness. I started writing this thing in school, but, naturally, I didn’t have the discipline for it, too many emotional upheavals and feelings that the world was going to end, distracted me from completing the book. In my first year of university, I finally had it close to completion (about 70% up to my standard) and my laptop was stolen from my flat in Hatfield. This would be the point in my life where I learned the hard way about the importance of backing up my own information. So I proceeded to rewrite the entire novel in its haphazard, unfinished beauty and backed it up on an old laptop (which was completely useless but for a working hard drive), which I hid in a laundry box under a pile of clothes and linen. Of course, that was a bust…. Three years later, in a new apartment, thieves broke in and stole the new laptop AND the old laptop. I still have no idea how they managed to find it… Bastards. Typically, of course, the book was over 70% complete again. 70, 000 words.
It slowly and gradually impairs vision. Like the dreaded disease, cancer, it has no cure and it commonly shows no signs in the early stages nor painful symptoms. Moreover, a small number of patients with glaucoma also experience episodes of eye pain, blurred vision, redness, headache, vomiting, and seeing rainbows around lights.
wreck the party’s chances in the fall
On the journey to healing you must create and instill your own new, healthy beliefs. Here are some examples to inspire you, and get you started.
I tried to maximize it so the hills looked more intense but no such luck. I'm not sure how accurate my Garmin is with elevation on trails (or ever, to be honest). I think for this run it was pretty accurate but sometimes on a trail run the elevation gain will be 50 feet, or 3,000 feet on a easy neighborhood run. What's up with that?
John Khoury and I would love to hear from anyone who was there that day.
"Go on boy, you go run, I've got thinking and drinking to do".
I followed the project Emma did for 100 days to make me a better person and decided I wanted to do one too. I didn't want it to be to do with writing. I thought it would be a good idea to have a break from writing for a while. I wanted it to be to do with noticing things, and trying to retrain my brain to be more positive than it is. I don't know if it will work. I also wanted to try and get better at taking pictures. I'm not good at it at all, although I wish I was.
Pick is a particularly good draughtsman who trained at the Royal College. Imagine how much better he'd have been, however, had the timelines shifted and he'd gone to the RA Schools where he could now benefit from instruction from the Grande Dame of English Art, Tracey Emin, who has now been appointed Professor of Drawing there.
Once you have your list of agents and editors, then is the time to run things through Google, and http://www.publishersmarketplace.com, and http://www.agentquery.com. Find out who's selling what and who's buying what. Find out which of those agents and editors have moved around since you read those acknowledgments. Find out their submission guidelines and follow them.
There’s no need to read between the lines as I courteously place my thoughts on each one.
i don't know how i did that for so long.
who checks in on me regularly.
Sort of.
Joseph Mitchell, the long-time writer for the New Yorker who wrote a number of human interest stories about the more colorful characters in the city, wrote a great account of the old ale house in 1940 entitled "The Old House at Home", part of a collection of short stories entitled "McSorley's Wonderful Saloon". It is named for the bar's original name, which it kept from it's opening in 1854 until 1908, and describes old John McSorley, who drank steadily from the age of twenty to fifty-four, but abstained for the last thirty-two years of his life saying that he had "had his fill". Other than a brief experiment with spirits for a few months in 1905, John believed that all a man needed in life was a strong glass of ale. He was a big eater, cooking a three pound t-bone steak every night after closing and eating onions like apples -- the stronger the better. His motto was, "Good ale, raw onions, and no ladies", believing that men could never drink with civility in the company of women, and when Mitchell wrote his article in 1940, he described the majority of the clientele as old men who had drank their since they were young, and were now pretty much alone in the world. They were retired, living off small pensions, spending their days at the bar and their nights sleeping in flophouses on the Bowery.
In the meantime, pineapples had spread to tropical Asia, where they could grow naturally, and so were also becoming associated with the East.
This is one of the most vivid dreams I’ve ever had in my life. It is one of three I remember distinctly even now, and comes from the period where I rarely dreamed or remembered them. This dream disturbed me so that I doubt that I will ever forget it, for various reasons.
We chose to do a wrapped canvas, which means that the photo wraps around the edges of the canvas.
My DD had her photo retakes at school today, so that put me in the mood to scrap her school photos from last year! I know, I am far behind, but again, if you read my post on Wednesday, you would know that I have now made four pages in the last five days, which is more than I have made in the last 4 years! I'll catch up....I am determined to!
Love for horses, Love for gems
He put his arms around me and said, "'Suppose a brother or a sister is without clothes and daily food. If one of you says to them, “Go in peace; keep warm and well fed,” but does nothing about their physical needs, what good is it?' (James 2:15-16) You asked me to pray for you. I am praying for you."
Go home, any point you wanted to make about the violence of others has been soured by the violence you have wrought.
The department stores make downtown Brooklyn look like something out of a Disney cartoon with their colorful windows and tinseled displays. Gay lights and ornaments are on every floor and there isn’t anywhere you walk that you can’t sense the coming of the great day.
You are the love expert.
Hope you like it as much as I do! Thanks for looking!
And, since we are renting this little duplex, the foot traffic marks on the light carpet were worrying me to death - - - so I practically recarpeted with inexpensive runners and rugs.
Scams can be reported to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040 or Consumer Direct on 08454 040506
I think the reasoning in the picture above is a little flawed. The graveyard in question is officially closed. Nobody maintains it any more. Monuments topple, history fades. But there are several generations of my forebears in there. None, so far as I know, was killed by a gravestone.
The David Lee Roth version of Van Halen charted 11 songs into the Billboard Top-100 charts during his time with the band.
Other friends.
This was a pic I took during a waterfall hiking trip I took with my family on the west side of North Carolina a few weeks ago. It was so beautiful, I thought it would be a nice pic to share with everyone on earth day. Our earth is so beautiful, God has given us such a wonderful place to live.
My sturdy desktop, however, is not yet wireless. The 24 hour Failstra connection guru tells me that I need some sort of adapter for my 3yo outmoded technology ("desktops...do they still exist?"). I find it somewhat amusing that my wireless adapter will be coming via snail mail and not arriving in the fireplace in a puff of green smoke.
but even this water can reflect the top of the trees
Hubby: but I haven’t done anything wrong, so why should I buy you flowers.
Then again, I think I heard somewhere that you shouldn't believe everything you read on the Internet so take this with at least one crashed jetliner's worth of salt.
This is the message that should be sent out about alcohol - if someone wants to drink to forget, let them. If you want to do something about it don't blame the alcohol - work on what they want to forget and why.
derivative is from ‘wee yin’ and it means a child. A famous line in Rab C. Nesbitt that probably left many people from outside the city perplexed was “Ma wean’s done a bunk and ah’m up tae high dough”. The translation in English is “My child has run away and I am very worried.”
Later , the family gathered and legends were dug up and retold . A little boy ran in , his exact resemblance to his grandfather startling , while a baby determinedly crawled backwards and forwards over my lap , looking just like her mother when I first saw her , forty years ago .
Everything is still going really well..
Many have focused on the fact that employers are now doing this and have decried the intrusion into privacy and the “big brother” overreach by government employers. But, the intended and unintended consequences for both employers and employees go far beyond the obvious and will affect:
Soon after, during the fall semester of my junior year of college, I was required to read another Thomas Hardy book, The Mayor of Casterbridge, for one of my literature classes. I loved it, just as Mom had said I would love Tess.
I can hear the sound of the rising sun
Married: 9/29/1919 (during childbirth)
“No, it’s not,” Nathaniel confirmed, looking suddenly weary. “Bert, hypothetically, and all toasters aside, do you think you could go on alone if the situation called for it?”
For those who are having trouble fitting their preferred tipple into the MO category I will post my personal selection of MO beers from last year to show you just how easy it is to squish any beer you can find into the MO mould. Trust me.
I'm serious about this, and I have it scheduled to start taking and sharing my "before" pics tomorrow.
"Very little is perfect the first time..."
Ah, that’s how it goes. So tonight I made notes about her backstory. Perhaps tomorrow we’ll make it better.
b) my musical radar is out of whack? Or to get technical, the Ralphee Dee musical radar has high sidelobe levels?!
When the bees start pokin'?
Casey Anthony had seemingly requested that her long standing attorney Jose Baez leave the case. Jose Baez was the initial attorney that began with Anthony in the beginning stages of her being charged with Murder.
WELL, not only was the dog in the picture unbelievably adorable, but she was one of those hypo-allergic dogs (with hair instead of fur)!!!!! I felt it was all meant to be. We applied to adopt, crossed our fingers, and I looked at her little pictures on line everyday. When we learned we were approved and Diesel would be a part of our fmaily, we also learned she had another brother. Dexter, we adopted sight unseen but if we could keep part of the family together, I really wanted to do that. I'm so happy we got them both. I didn't care what Dexter looked like, I knew that E and had a good life to offer to any dog so I was happy to open my heart to another lil furry dog as well.
(1) The Islamic reformation, brokered by Islamic leaders in Europe and Indonesia, resulted in the Sunni-Shiite fusion and the Middle Eastern cultural renaissance. And the great awakening in Europe and America, leading to Zen-lite becoming their major religions.
Well, that didn’t inspire confidence in me. In retrospect, I think I could have bought the mix and left out the egg, but replacing for egg is a very delicate thing. (In real life, I eat eggs, so I’m also not good at it.) Lily suggested that I cheat (perish the thought!), but I refused and instead I went to the internet.
I was walking around my favorite nursery trying to decide how to spend the points I'd earned over the last year and spotted this Hellebore. It hadn't even been unloaded yet but I knew that's what I wanted to use my points on. It is Hellebore Winter Jewels 'Cherry Blossom'. It's not quite all the way opened but I couldn't wait any longer to post a picture. I added it to the new bed by the pond.
Recommended fishing style: shoreline ambush, wading tight spots, close-in work on structure, from a boat. Good long range accuracy, especially when paired with a good ($60+) reel.
Munchlax is Snorlax’s baby form Pokemon. Like Snorlax, it likes to eat, a lot. Despite being a Gen IV Pokemon, it appeared in Pokemon XD Gale of Darkness, Mystery Dungeon (Red and Blue rescue team) and Pokémon Dash, which are Gen III games.
Their roast goose was amazing, the meat was juicy and marinated just right with a hint of sesame oil which I think they drizzled onto the duck just before serving. Although the sesame was detectable it was in now way overpowering, only adding to the goose making it every so memorable. Besides their roast goose, they also make their own century old eggs served with pickled ginger. The egg was made very well! Not a hint of ammonia, very mild creamy yolk with a transparent chewy 'white'. Yum!
Its pretty simple but if you are confused and believe me alot of these contest requirements
This was all brought to a head this episode thanks to the introduction of bent cop Grossmith played by Joel Tobek. In case his name didn’t give him away Grossmith is the obvious villain of the episode. He’s a cartoon character who surprisingly doesn’t cackle at the end of his every scene. He’s in charge of investigating the murder at the circus and it’s obviously that Jack doesn’t trust him. After getting over the initial shock of discovering there is in fact a third officer who works at this police station, we learn important information like that Grossmith likes to have a drink on the job. Grossmith shares a drink with Hugh, and Jack reprimands them both for it because he has a massive stick up his ass.
A couple of those older boys sure look like their uniforms might be gray.
(note to friends..it's only a matter of WHEN I have a nervous breakdown..not if)
Wednesday, March 7 – Short stories, tall tales, legends
How our ancestors lived
Please link your X-citing X post now!
Passengers Miss Sarajevo I/IRL
The final touch was to attach the skull using Pinflair glue to maintain its curved shape, and to paint the border in black and white acrylic paints.
The figure on the bank made a sharp, downward gesture with its hands and jogged off towards the car.
It’s easy to boil this down to something like “Get help,” or “Raise awareness of mental illness,” or “Get therapy and/or psychiatric medicine,” or “Hang in there for your family and friends.” But it’s not so easy to know those things when you’re in the middle of any one of the bad things that happen to people every day. Some people have more to deal with in life than others and some people take things harder than others do. But I’ve always believed that what’s good about life outweighs what’s bad, and it breaks my heart that so many people can’t see that.
All the links for the Design Teams blogs are in the sidebar so please go and have a look and leave them some love. :o)
And who ever thought the morbidly obese would begin to look like forward thinking geniuses?
"Although she hasn't thought it through comprehensively, Casey Summerfield has had enough of her fiercely independent mother and her cheating boyfriend so she decides to run away. The one thing she hasn't factored into her plan is being knocked unconscious by a bus and waking up in her teenaged mother's bedroom in 1979.
Believe it or not, Dooney & Bourke makes some very special bags for Disney, which can only be purchased through the Disney parks, cruises, and the website. There is a variety of whimsical, magical collections from which to choose from. I ended up choosing a bag from the "Sketch" collection...
Whatever!
These two programs have identified improvements in pork production, productivity and safety in the pig-smallholder dominated markets of Vietnam, Uganda and the northeast Indian state of Nagaland as initial areas of focus.
I’ll be presenting a couple of times over the next few days but the one I enjoy the most is when I get to talk and share with other social studies teachers. Great conversations always break out about content and instructional strategies. This year I’m focusing on how 21st century skills, the Common Core, and technology can engage kids and improve learning.
So what have I been doing with myself? Besides revising, that is. My friend D and I went to see the London Marathon last sunday, which I’ve been waiting for literally all year. I don’t know what I was expecting but it was a lot of this :
In a moment, the woman returns. How long? Did you drift off to sleep? She asks how you are feeling. You mumble something you think she wants to hear. She says it is time to see if you are ready. She repeats the instructions for using the slides and hands one to you. She asks you if you remember the video you just watched. Of course you do. You feel slightly defensive about the question. The woman asks you to focus only on your memory of the video while holding the slide just back of one ear.
3rd Place: $2,000
The second film, No Way Out was your typical revenge movie: guy wants out of mob, mob kills his family, and he takes revenge. An ending that caught me off guard, some off-the-wall death scenes, and a perpetual soundtrack of funk kept things interesting. Probably one of the more straightforward films of the night.
Anxiety
But, when it comes to the putative joys of being alone, Lawrence cannot (needless to say) hold a candle to Philip Larkin. And thus, as is so often the case for me (which, I acknowledge, is surely a sign of some sort of malign pathology), I shall give the last word to Mr. Larkin (who, as always, is brutally honest, appalling, and, alas, correct -- after a fashion).
they hold the key
Whenever using some type of printer, besides replacing the nec multisync 1980sx it will short the nec multisync xv29, you must check the nec multisync a700 manual of each handset, you would notice a certain pattern. That pattern is noticeable from to start to end- these handsets are not covered by the nec multisync a700 manual. Outside the nec multisync a700 manual to worry about getting a mega-system with 500 buttons that you might argue that this is an excellent customer service experience.
This drive to return reminds me of the evil enchantment from a fairy tale, where the girl is allowed to be human for a few hours, but then she’s turned back into a raven or a swan. In her great memoir Girls Like Us, Rachel Lloyd notes that the conditions of prostitution meet every criteria on the Biderman scale, a tool created by Amnesty International to explain the torture and brainwashing of political prisoners. The four factors that cause Stockholm Syndrome are almost always present in prostitution. These factors:
(They will say: "How his hair is growing thin!")
“I am a ghost, tap-dancing for attention.”
Here's to many more beers like this we can share with you, because when you drink them you are a part of the story too!
In the months since Anthony was arrested and eventually charged in the death of her daughter, Caylee Marie, thousands of pages of legal documents detailing the sweeping criminal investigation have been released in response to records requests.
Make use of the charity shops you will find in every High Street in every UK town. Cheap, quality used goods are available. Everything you need is there from crockery and cutlery, to good suits and shoes for a fraction of the new price. Nothing tardy or dirty is sold; it gets chucked if it is not in good nick.
In Fillmore we had a lunch at Central Station of tender tri-tip beef BBQ. Meltingly delicious.
SUN. 9/28 - ANDREW'S BAD STUFF and more @ the OLD TOWNE PUB in Pasadena, 9pm. 66 N. Fair Oaks Ave. 626-577-6583. Rock.
This face,
Sent: Tuesday, December 02, 2008 8:54 PM
1) Story Telling Workshop with Jerry Pinto, Journalist and Author on Saturday, May 12, 2012 (11 am to 1 pm) Ages - 5 to 10 years
I think ( a slight hesitation there) I enjoy the whole tea drinking experience and I am rather surprised that I have come around to this way of thinking. For years coffee was my only caffeine hit and I thought tea was for the elderly and the British. How silly was I. Tea is a great tradition the world over and an afternoon habit I now look forward to.
This depends on budget and time mostly, but in any scenario I’d urge you to take a long train or bus ride if you can. Apart from seeing the country and perhaps interacting with some locals, it is in long journeys that you forge relationships with other travellers that often continue after the destination is reached. My train journey from Bangkok to Chiang Mai (that was meant to be 14 hours and turned into 17), was one of the best experiences of my whole trip. I partied into the wee hours with buckets of whisky and coke, two Canadians, a German, a Swede, a Brit, a Belgian and a Thai ladyboy.
How Deep by Stephen Altrogge seems to be an appropriate song to reflect on in light of this meditation.
Want to know how Sparkles became a fire safety dog or what a typical day is like at the fire station? The program will also include a question and answer time in which your students can ask these questions and more!
Plot-wise, I liked that Hartley’s sleuthing was real – she talks to people, analyses photos, traces emails (or rather, Chase and his tech-skills trace emails) and uses logic – all the sorts of thing that a normal teenager could actually do. She does put herself in a couple of dumb situations (why would you not take backup to a midnight meeting in the park?) which annoyed me, and I wasn’t so keen on the villain, or their motivations for why they’d committed the murders. However, I think to get hung up on that is to miss the point. If you’re looking for a hugely complex whodunit, this ain’t it. If you’re looking for an easy, enjoyable read with fun, non-angsty characters, read Deadly Cool.
We know that Wright and Mei have no allies at all. All the Chinese except Mei are bad, there’s not a good Russian or an honest cop in sight (I mean one with a speaking part if you’re asking or objecting to that reference).
➤James Henry has realised with a dark and terrible irony that a) he has possibly written this for no money; and b) he is currently working on a BBC4 project that includes footmen
I flew from the U.K. via Amsterdam, whereas the lady i was going to see has always flown via Manchester. The Manchester route requires a train ride across the pennines, and it requires also a longish stopover in Atlanta. The trip to my local airport is far quicker, and the whole heading east to go west thing works out pretty well. I'd choose that route again. Amsterdam Schiphol is a pleasant terminal, it's got its own library reading area, and an in-airport branch of the Rijksmuseum, full of old master paintings!
BUT IF THERE IS A GOD ANYWHERE,
Reading this book – the 13th in the Detective Warshawski series – is like catching up with a long-time acquaintance. Not a friend mind you, an acquaintance. V.I. as she prefers - not Vicki or Victoria and only occasionally Vic - is portrayed once again as a brusque, nearly unisex character with conflicted identity issues. Even at the age of 50, she’s far too tough on herself. V.I. does some considerable soul searching while assuming the persona of a champion whose mission it is to right injustice.
Well, I will hush for now, Daddy. I promise to meet you here again, from time to time, on the pages of my heart. Happy 78th Birthday, Merry Christmas, and I love you!
Finally a little bit of Spring popped up in our front garden! Hard to believe as there are still mounds of snow and at least 3’ still needs to melt in our yard! This little bit of color after our record setting winter not only cheered me but inspired me.
It should be said that the Central Bank’s statistics do not include overseas deposits at Irish banks, for example, Bank of Ireland has a joint venture with the Post Office in the UK which attracts more than €10bn of deposits. And the figures may include what the Dept of Finance calls “consolidation differences”. Having said that, these are the most accurate figures on deposits in Irish banks in Ireland. The Department of Finance publishes its own deposit figures each month, but seems not to have published anything in March 2012.
In the event that negotiations fail and the order is given for Israel to carry out an attack on Iranian nuclear facilities, “dozens if not more planes” will take part in the mission: attack and escort jets, tankers for mid-air refueling, electronic warfare planes and rescue helicopters, the report said.
Sat leftovers
Those readers whom I succeeded in irritating yesterday will be glad to hear that I am going to be away for a few days and that they will not be exposed to my unpleasant views for a while. It beats me why these types carry on reading my blog if it annoys them as much as all that! Before I go, I must mention that I have been looking through some back issues of the home education magazine produced by Mike Fortune-Wood. One article caught my eye in particular. It was by his wife Jan and was called The Joy of Late Reading. I did not think much of it, but it started me thinking about the frequency with which those who have themselves had reading difficulties might be reluctant to teach their kids to read. Mike Fortune-Wood himself of course had great difficulties in this field and so too did a number of other parents who are keen on not getting their children to read at the same age as everybody else.
Mr. Warburton!
I was watching one of Bill’s shows – aren’t his daughters the cutest things ever? – and he made these bars. On the following morning, I found the exact amounts of almonds and jam in my fridge; I considered it a sign – you know how much I’m fond of signs – and started baking the bars right away. :D
A recent conflict took place in southern Italy, started by local kids shooting some Africans (most foreign workers are illegal, it appears) with air rifles.
Cheryl Cole‘s love life is on the up following her ‘Pride of Britain Awards‘ sponsored trip to Afghanistan last week. She got friendly with Royal Marine Andy ‘Bagsy’ Baker during her visit to Camp Bastion, and took his number.
“For what it’s worth: it’s never too late or, in my case, too early to be whoever you want to be. There’s no time limit, stop whenever you want. You can change or stay the same, there are no rules to this thing. We can make the best or the worst of it. I hope you make the best of it. And I hope you see things that startle you. I hope you feel things you never felt before. I hope you meet people with a different point of view. I hope you live a life you’re proud of. If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again.”
Can you see the line in between? Left side was where LEADERS InSolution's mask was placed.
The quote at the beginning of this blog post is from Goodnight Moon written by Margaret Wise Brown in 1947. The story is about a bunny who doesn’t really want to go to bed and so begins the ritual of saying good night to every single object in the room. The book doesn’t really have a plot but is more of a night-time litany. The pictures are colorful and have lots of details and it’s fun for children to notice and point out those details when they get older. There is something very soothing about the rhythmic rhyming text. It is almost like a lullaby. Although adults may get tired of the book most children I’ve read it to have requested it again and again.
Key Players: Darius Johnson-Odom (18.3 ppg), Jae Crowder (17.6 ppg, 7.9 rpg), Davante Gardner (9.7 ppg, 5.5 rpg), Vander Blue (8.7 ppg)
On April 20th and 21st of 2001, the students of Laconia Christian School put on entertaining and emotional performances of “Fiddler on the Roof.” This play featured Ian Jameson as “Tevye,” Natalie Robinson as “Golde,” Nicole Behan as “Tzeitel,” Sarah Hormell as “Hodel,” Cassy Howley as “Chava,” Kimmy Simpson as “Shprintze,” Sarah Hatfield as “Bielke,” Susie Simpson as “Yente, the Matchmaker,” Paul Johnson as “Motel the Tailor,” and many more. Over 60 students acted in this play along with a couple of dozen students and parents getting involved in the backstage and set building. It was another successful event for the school.
Still, there will be difficult days ahead. The enormous sacrifices of our men and women are not over. But tonight, I’d like to tell you how we will complete our mission and end the war in Afghanistan.
which hung uninspired,
“How could this guy be who he says he is? He doesn’t go to the same church I go to. In fact, he doesn’t even belong to the same denomination as me! How can he know anything? You’ve got to be wrong, Philip!”
No, I'm sorry, but this is not the same as anything seen before. Hold onto the example of Watergate: a third rate burglary, under a constant media spotlight, leading to the end of a presidency, and an attorney general in prison. Compare that to Operation Fast And Furious: a covert policy of mass murder for political benefit, followed by feeble congressional investigations, with exactly zero elite media interest. It is an objective metric to compare Watergate to Fast And Furious. The current lack of accountability leaves the Obama administration emboldened to move further away from adherence to the Constitutional limitations they swore to uphold. "If the Congress won't act, I will," may be translated in normal English as, "The hell with the Constitution, I am in charge, and nobody can stop me."
"Teachers are puzzling out what a civic conscience means," reports Christine Brabant, researcher in the department of Education at Sherbrooke University in Quebec.
Keeping a positive self-esteem may be a key to so what health and wellness.
This change will affect next year’s freshman, as well as next year’s upperclassmen.
Cap makes the odd comment about the mistakes in the intervening years, and is clearly and regularly baffled by the modern world. Nonetheless, he reminds us that not everyone from our past was a racist ass and shows strength of character in not constantly disavowing the modern age. Rather, he does what he has always done best, and lets the others deal with the stuff he doesn’t understand. This portrayal is by far my favourite, staying well away from the dull, boyscout portrayals of Superman or the X-Men’s Cyclops from their respective franchises.
During their time with Modo, students have had the chance to get involved in all aspects of the company. One of Modo’s current placement students, Jack Dominy, came along to the talk to offer an insight into the experience that he has gained during his time with Modo. The placement often involves seeing projects through from the very first e-mail that come into Modo from the client, pitching the initial ideas, refining a design, getting quotes from suppliers, sampling the product and overseeing a full production run. During this process, the students gain invaluable experience communicating and working in a professional environment as well as building up a huge body of design concepts for a portfolio. As Modo are so heavily involved with production, there’s a fantastic opportunity to learn about the materials, processes and specialist print finishes.
Hello Gorgeous! is a book about women who battle cancer and a unique organization that serves them by restoring a sense of beauty and vitality in their life.
Here are a few things you can pray about specifically:
Around the same time I came up with an idea for a different novel. It was a contemporary telling of the Prodigal Son story. The prologue captured my attention. I saw this young boy whose carelessness caused his mother's death and brought division between him and his brother. The prologue came clearly, but the rest of the novel was a muddle in my mind. The prologue even captured the attention of editors at Mt. Hermon writer's conference, but what good is a prologue without a complete novel to go with it? When I got the idea for what came to be my first novel From Dust and Ashes the prodigal son story got put on the shelf. Every now again I'd take that idea out and turned it over in my mind a few times, but I felt God's whisper, "Not yet."
Of equilibrium.
…an app is ok if it’s just misleading rather than blatantly dishonest. Though you’d think that an app called Lock My Screen that doesn’t actually lock your screen is definitely less than honest. But Apple has evidently passed it, and the author has apparently made over $1000 from it.
I have a drink almost everyday. It keeps me sane ladies! I am super weird about taking medicine (don't even like to take Tylenol) so I have never been a pill popper but wine sure helps me relax after a long day. I eat less and workout so I can afford the calories from alcohol. 5-7 is the longest part of the day for me trying to get Sterling fed, cook our dinner, and bath him all before Matt gets home from work. So I usually pour a glass and start sipping at bath time. Sterling plays and I get some time to just zone out and relax! If I don't drink wine I have vodka with a splash of water and fresh lemon, but I usually save that drink for the weekend. It is a great low calorie drink option. I never drink mixed drinks mixed with sugary mixers. Like for instance I would never order a margarita at a restaurant I would just sip straight tequila instead (slowly). Too many calories plus the hangover is way worse from mixed drinks!
Get free admission to over 100 participating Museums, Zoos, Science Centers, and Botanical Gardens across the US! Head HERE for all of the details and to find a participating museum near you!
As I've been a poor correspondent of late I'm going to try something a little bit different. Indulge me.
Some of us learn to read quite easily, while others – more than you might think – have to overlearn every little thing to reach that magical mastery called automaticity. Automaticity: where there is no gap between the seeing/recognizing/processing/understanding/doing.
From the touristy crowd I learned about the latest fashions and hair do's.
For our photoshoot we used clip in hair bows by Kristen May Anastasia. She's so sweet and her bows are to die for! They make any outfit look so super duper cute!!
“Keep dancing…I want to watch” He told me
A couple of weeks ago a lone man tried to get 3 of 4 into his car, promising a ride home from her bus stop. I now meet the bus every afternoon. It's a shame that a 12 year old can't walk a block without a problem. I'd like to think it's just a kindly neighbour making a friendly offer, but now a days a lone middle aged male in a car alone should know better. It was a beautiful, sunny day and she was close to home, no need to offer. She didn't recognize the man as being from the area.
The infections are associated with
Late last fall My Baby and I undertook the huge project of rejuvenating a gorgeous, interesting house in a beautiful neighborhood in our nearest-by town. The house had been his part-time bachelor pad/ part time home to four active children for the 20 years before acquiring the house in the country five years ago. In the time that has passed, the house has been lightly lived in and somewhat overlooked. Our early love affair created a bit of a distraction, so the house needed, let's just say, a bit of work. Besides, every house needs a little makeover every 20 years or so, right?
Angel Food Cake
--"they undeniably give local residents a sense of empowerment"
Hey girlies ;) So I haven't come across too many Halloween goodies on my favorite fashion or beauty websites, but I thought I'd share the few things that caught my eye :) I was going to put together a Bath & Body Works Halloween post...but guess what? They've already moved on to Christmas! Seriously, if you go to the website right now, it's a full-blown red/green winter wonderland...lol.
So brutalised and intimidated have the British public become by the one word, that they often behave like abused children, denying naughtiness before they are even accused of it, we see this all the time when people are interviewed about immigration on TV when the first thing they always say is "I'm not a racist but ...." or display embarrassment at their failure to embrace all aspects of politically correct orthodoxy. For instance the middle class, middle aged woman I recently saw talking about the impact of immigration, at one point admitting the country had been “totally changed”, however her body language made it obvious she was clearly ashamed and embarrassed to even mention such blasphemy and afraid people would think less of her for saying it.
“For the well-off in this country,” Obama said in May 2008, “high gas prices are mostly an annoyance, but to most Americans they’re a huge problem, bordering on a crisis.”
I visit LinkedIn almost every day and I enjoy seeing what my contacts are up to. I loatheloatheloathe one woman who “updates” there every 13 seconds with work tips to make sure we do not waste even a single hour forgetting who she is. I know, I know, I can’t email her and say “Enough! Stop! You are boring and overbearing and horrible.”
That goes back to the beginning of today’s entry, going with my gut feeling as to which direction to go, which path to take when, and those types of things. If I had gone the other way around today and not walked a path that I normally don’t, I may have missed the two turkeys gobbling at the exact same time, the geese mating, the grebe watching them, and Father Goose warding off another gander. Is that all just pure dumb luck? I’d like to think that it wasn’t, but who knows for sure.
80Fame, wealth, and honour! what are you to Love?
It was 34 years ago this week that the Sex Pistols released the song, ‘God save the Queen’
Fashion being nature’s early adapter has even found a buzzword – transitional wear - for such style limbo. This clothing sub-set is often overlooked for its outwardly functional appearance, but as my mother would say ‘when all fruit fails, welcome haws.’ Hence the perennial popularity of wellingtons and parkas long after the power supply has been turned off at Electric Picnic. It’s a bit like a circuit breaker - these sensible basics keep one grounded in said seasonal surges. Reassuringly practical.
Daddy: ”Well I were thinking along them lines yes”
Don’t overdo it. Remember these are the plants for nonplant people. A little bit of feeding goes a long way. Use a diluted houseplant fertilizer.
My mom embraced them.
Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI)
description of Hans Castorp's reaction to hearing the Russian couple's lovemaking -- avoidance, attempted escape, embarrassment -- 40: "And he began to blush through the powder; for what he had all along seen coming was come, and the game had passed over quite frankly into the bestial." -- all from within Hans Castorp's point of view
Combine eggs, sugar, lemon juice and butter in top pan of a double boiler placed over simmering water. Beat mixture constantly until thickened, about 15 minutes. Allow lemon curd to cool slight then stir in lemon extract, cream and mint leaves. Cover and refrigerate until very cold.
it was a night she will always remember.
Sen. Ed Angara and Sen. Loren Legarda: “I Believe in You and Me”
It is time, my friends and enemies, my supporters and debunkers, my workers of light and Satanic stalkers, yes it is time: I can no longer operate in secret; it is time to remove my mask-hat and tell the world who I am.
And then we figured we might as well do one in Cape Town for our friends. Nothing formal, we’d just get everyone together somewhere lovely and we’d all be in a room to celebrate.
Part of it has to do with our culture. Culturally, we’ve slipped over the precipice of “tolerance” to such a degree that people aren’t willing to say that much of anything is “wrong” or “right.” Adultery has become an “affair.” Sin has become “mistakes.” We’ve gutted our thinking of any real conviction, any lasting moral foundation. As a result, we all feel like the “right” thing to do is to be merciful.
This City served as a source of inspiration last season for society designer, Douglas Hannant. This season, designer Tadashi Shoji drew inspiration from past and present Shanghai to deliver a beautiful collection that stars such as Olivia Spencer, will continue to love and wear.
Viola! Your own patterned Washi Tapes! I think this is extremely helpful for projects that you want to have a specific color scheme, because you could use inks that only compliment your design! Or if you want certain pictures/styles- just find a stamp set of doodle them yourself! Thanks Roberta and Shimmerz Paints for this inspiration!
“You sure you’re all right? You need me to call the cops or a taxi or something,” he asked?
“They’ll be safe,” I tell Greg, “This is back in the middle of no place, there aren’t any scurrilous types around to bother them way back here.”
Happy Halloween friends! I know there's some controversy surrounding this holiday but whatever you decide that's best for your family...I hope you have a sugar-high time! :-)
Julie Andrews (yes, the singer-actor of "The Sound of Music" and "Mary Poppins" fame) Edwards wrote a gripping story that made me keep turning the pages, all 96 pages of it. Although I ran across this book online a year and a half ago (see my blog post), my library didn't have a copy. When I saw it on sale yesterday, I bought it. Because I couldn't put it down, I rate it 10 of 10, my highest rating.
After about 2 days of soaking and stirring the beans I made sure that they were undisturbed for at least a couple of hours before I took the bean water, so the proteins could settle at the bottom with the beans. Apparently these can ruin the dye. I laddled the water above the beans into buckets. Since we wanted to try small sample skeins and get the same results if we liked them, we used jars for our small skeins, taking enough liquid each time to cover the skein comfortably. I left the skeins soak for 48 hours before taking them out and rinsing them.
Way cool.
The 'soil' is a Noma recipe made from hazelnut meal and Guinness. Beneath the soil is a layer of herbed yoghurt.
"Hello?" I said, out of breath from wrestling over a teddy bear and in no mood for chatting.
Q: What advice would you give to a Marist student about to graduate?
Deployment requests are issued by the federal government, governor or state government, local law enforcement, or relief organizations (e.g. Red Cross). When deployed, the team works under and abides by the hierarchy and guidelines of the Incident Command System (ICS). If deployed by local law enforcement they act as a function of that department and answer directly to them. Though they don’t perform actual criminal law enforcement duties, they do act as needed in a support role for the department. On average, the team responds to a missing person callout every other month. The biggest incident the team has responded to was Hurricane Ike when they were deployed on Day 3 following the hurricane for three straight weeks.
Favorite flower: Roses and Hydrangeas
One Star = Walk of shame. I was in last night’s dress, carrying my shoes as I rushed off. I can’t believe I wasted my time on him and pray no one I know sees me.
32. Let her roll around in the grass. It’s good for her soul. It’s not bad for yours either.
I don't know how many of you readers have spent time on Indian Reservations, but they're generally not examples of a prosperous people. They are a proud people made wards of the State.
Saturday, July 29, 7:30PM at Corbett vs. Dempsey
A huge thank you also to our sponsors for giving us such fab prizes to give away.
Joe Jackson Is she really going out with him? US
Talking about my plans now, I’m always more focused on practising and mastering the materials by my own violin teacher since I find myself improving more with one-to-one guidance. Undoubtedly it makes more sense to be prepared for lessons that I have to pay for too.
“More than a hundred years without war. A strange way of life.”
Remix: Feel the urge to dance. Go ahead. Feel it. Make sure you watch/hear the original, too.
(2)Remove from heat and add the flour in a steady stream.
In the moneymaking stakes it certainly beats hands down the option of merely giving it to a smart creative team and asking them to come up with another ad in an already successful campaign.
Clem is all for a bit of Labour nostalgia – how could I not be? Just look at the site name. But Glassman has made some pretty fundamental errors in his analisys of pre-1945 Labour, and has also made a very stupid error in political judgement…
Cyberbullying has increased dramatically in recent years. In nationally representative surveys of 10-17 year-olds, twice as many children and youth indicated they had been victims and perpetrators of online harassment in 2005 than in1999/2000 (Wolak, Mitchell, & Finkelhor, 2006).
"Mostafa's ultimate goal was the annihilation of Israel," Fatemeh Bolouri Kashani told FNA on Tuesday.
And that’s what it was all about
In our non-Council category, the winner was Joel Kotkin's piece in the City Journal, The New Class Warfare submitted by The Watcher. It's a superb look at how the Left is systematically destroying the very Middle Class it claims to be 'defending'.
My heart belongs to Jesus. Who does your heart belong to today?
“It is worth remembering that this type of killing is actually quite rare in Pakistan. We do have to see this as the sending of a message to those who are obviously going to be kidnapped in the future and when the Taliban are seeking ransom.
225g self raising flour
3. “gypsy naked woman”
So I’m keeping it on a week.. it’s my vacation you see..
As a scientologist this is all natural, it’s all utmost productive and it is the only thing saving the world.
One does wonder who came off best: the church in Venice or the British taxpayer ?
Quarles doesn’t finish his run, however, before revealing who really shot Trooper Tom. I was totally right last week in guessing it was Arlo. Arlo has always been a curious character on the show. One often wonders how this man with ambiguous morals and a cutthroat attitude toward the people around him could have fathered Raylan, a man with a strict sense of morality and empathy. But there’s no doubt that Arlo is crazy like a fox. While the whole season has suggested he has been slipping into dementia, and rightly so for the most part, Arlo knows what he’s doing when he wants to. Like taking the blame for killing Devil. (That was a plot quickly taken care of for Boyd). Or killing the man in the hat. In probably the most gutting line of the show, Raylan reveals that “He didn’t know it was a state trooper. He just saw a man in a hat, pointing a gun at Boyd.” Arlo wanted to kill his own blood to protect Boyd, his true son.
Seriously though, when are we going to be able to sleep again? When are we going to be able to not stress and worry about every single aspect of our lives, most importantly about her life? We won't. This is our new life.
Note: Aside from Jesus Himself, there are many saintly souls in the church who we can model ourselves to in living a crucified life. To name a few: St, Francis of Assisi, St. Ignatius Loyola, and St. Therese of Lisieux (etc.), however, I, personally, have taken to a humble monk named Brother Lawrence, because he exemplified to me how you can take any basic work or office for making a living, such as kitchen work, and use that as your entrance into the Kingdom of Heaven by living out the Crucified Life within its limited constraints.
And I smiled, and sung “Try again”….
2 blank
This one caught my attention, as it is from the state my husband is originally from - Missouri. I loved the finish on the china and that is what originally got my attention. This is stamped Japan on the back.
bonds of friendship forged with…
Ties are broken by the number of enemy general's elements killed.
And he repeated: “Nothing— I am only a religious man.”
5. position caleb
If this isn't your first visit, then you know I share weekly outfits put together from clothes purchased mostly from Goodwill and Salvation Army. However, I won't pass up stopping at any thrift store. Which was the case on a recent trip to my favorite Goodwill store. We stopped in a small thrift boutique, where I found this awesome black blazer.
That might be a slight exaggeration of words, but not intent.
“Don’t be flattered that he misses you. He should miss you. You are deeply miserable. However, he’s still the same person who just broke up with you. Remember, the only reason he can miss you is because he’s choosing, every day, not to be with you.”
Start by cutting up a bunch of potatoes, pouring the olive oil on them and putting them in the microwave for 3 to 6 minutes.
Just think… all races have "so-called" rights, but not if you’re White.
deep decades of roots
Of usefulness, contentment, and success.
And then, as I was at the point of breaking, something incredible happened.
433 Hay St., Room 309 ___________
The bartender smiled and shrugged.
Of course there's all the hoopla about working mothers. All human beings who have a brain and a mother already know that all mothers work. Some just have two or three jobs, and one pays currency that can be banked and exchanged; the other pays currency that fuels the 3 am feedings or the grim visit to a principal's office or . . . well, the very minute you may be reading this.
Lowe’s can go shove it, along with all the other companies that caved in gutlessly to these religious lunatics. I won’t set foot in their stores again, not after this. The Arab/Muslim community has been around for decades in Dearborn, Michigan, and now all of a sudden a pack of yahoos insist they’re bloodthirsty killers, claiming that they’re lying about Islam. Lowe’s gave the pathetic excuse that they only dropped their ads because they thought it was a ‘bad show’. Not good enough, sweetheart. There are more holes in that defense than a piece of Swiss cheese. Try giving an honest answer for once. People may actually thank you for it.
I’ll start with the peaceful images.
For six straight years, I’ve run in the Rocky Raccoon 100-mile trail run. It’s not just because it’s a well-run event, (which it is). I do it because it has also been a good barometer for me, to gauge the effectiveness of my Winter training. And it’s a great way to start out the new year right, in an “Ultra” sort of way.
Using a A6 card blank as a base, I used the paper I had dotted with Mica Powder as the background and the images really 'Popped' off the page. The fence is mounted using foam pads so you get the feeling that it is closer to you.
Yesterday morning I woke up with a big ol' belly that came out of NO WHERE! I wasn't sure if it was just bloating, water weight or an actual bump so I took a picture yesterday and also one this morning to compare. My belly went down a little from yesterday, but it is still much bigger than what it was a week ago!! Our little one is really growing big and strong in my belly! Maybe that's why I could feel the kicks last night. I'll post the two pictures (from this morning and yesterday morning) down at the bottom of the post.
Chocolate Oreo Cupcakes
So, here I am going to give it a try- I don’t know whether I would be able to continue it for long or not… But still I don’t think there’s anything wrong in at least trying to do so.
Devin came home around midnight and I slept most of the night on the couch. Sarah stayed in Voorheesville overnight. I managed to contact my siblings before bed and they are all alive and "relatively" unaffected.
As I reflect on the upcoming holiday, I can't help but think of the above verse. He 'laid down His life for me.' I can hardly comprehend this. He loves us so much that He would die for us.
'Sam Stewart (Mason) has to battle with depression and Alcohol addiction, while holding down his job as a night-time radio presenter.
“I was shocked beyond belief, but whether they still are Umno members has yet to be established,” she told reporters today.
It is a blast to walk through her store
All my good friends who live here with me
Sibai B, Dekker G, Kupferminc M. Pre-eclampsia. Lancet 2005; 365: 785-799.
It was simple. I held on. I said, “God is my Father, and Dad, I am his son, because he loves me, he will feed, clothe, and shelter me.” Amidst turmoil I was at peace. That week I received an anonymous letter containing $100, and a simple inscription, “Psalm 23.”
Meanwhile, the oceans don’t need our metaphors. They need action. They need industrial civilization to stop destroying and devouring; failing that, they need us to make it stop.
The film is based on true events about two cops who are trying to change the course of history in Texas City. A slew of murders have taken place in this small town. Bodies have been dumped in the ever eerie marshland, which has been deemed “The Killing Fields”. It’s quite a high stakes journey with a little bit of everything. It’s certainly a dark thriller, but the action qualities of the film balance it out nicely.
The 200 hand blown, floating glass globes create a magical look through the lobby and restaurant. The custom designed fixtures and furnishings throughout the public spaces and rooms perfectly compliment the unique exterior design.
I used Kim's texture, MusicLovin for this piece. Please click on it for more detail.
1c. whipping cream, whipped
- Carry them on your back on a hard road.
In Sunday’s sermon on Genesis 15 we learned that Abram was saved based upon his faith. Genesis 15:6 reads, “And he believed the LORD, and he counted it to him as righteousness.” Abram believed that God would fulfill the promises he had made. He believed that God would turn him into a great nation and give him the land. He believed this to be true even though it seemed to be far-fetched (Abram was getting old and his wife was unable to have children). Yet, Abram continued to trust God’s word to him.
“The entire world is watching. So let’s seize this moment to show why the United States of America is still the greatest nation on Earth,” Obama said. “Not just because we can still keep our word and meet our obligations, but because we can still come together as one nation,”
The guy on the street, the woman in the classroom, the Israeli, the Afghani, the Zuni, the Apache, the Irish, the Protestant, the Catholic, the gay, the straight, you, me—we all just want to know that we matter. We want validation. We want the same things. We want safety and we want to live a long life. We want to find somebody to love.We want to find somebody to laugh with and have the power and the place to cry with when necessary.
His frustration showed through a little bit there and the tenderness and sadness seemed to have taken a hike. I decided to keep quiet.
and more art regularly!!
My grandmother was special!! And she received various accolades from different entities and persons expressing such. She was a sweet and warm person. Hardworking. Kind. Tender-hearted. Warm-hearted… and she loved to see others happy…. And she just the absolute sweetest…
Now, that's souper!!!
4 deep
But if Obama's support in 2012 is dropping among all groups that backed him in 2008, he's running out of margin for error.
I have not mastered the task of living in the gray and with every new relationship a hint of existential crisis can be heard echoing in my mind. The “issue” of my bisexuality is always called into question by my significant other and my internalized biphobia. Its true, not a day goes by where I can’t help but wish I could just be straight….Not a day goes by where I can’t help but wish I could just be gay. This negative thinking is quickly squashed by the revelation that I am exactly who I want to be. I am openly bisexual. Living a life I love. Even now, in a serious gay relationship, (for the sake of brevity “gay” is a term you will hear me sometimes use) I will not let go of my bisexual identity because to me it is very important to call into question the suffocating boxes we desire to live in. Yes, we desire to live in them as much as we hate to be placed in them, our need for belonging trumps every time.
This is my first “guest post”, and it is in honor of International Women’s Day or maybe at this point, “month” and the anticipation of positive changes for the mass collective, that will come to fruition sooner rather than L8R – so that I can see the look of pleasure on her face when she finally tastes one of my culinary delights later this year, okaaaaay?
The plane was all set to board when we finally got to the gate, so there was no time to grab coffee. They serve Dunkin' Donuts coffee on JetBlue, but I figured I'd just wait until we got to Austin to get my fix since coffee from an airplane almost always tastes terrible regardless of who makes it. That was a mistake. My head was throbbing by the time we landed.
Don't you dare fucking call me on the phone on Sunday. I'm worshipping, and will angrily bitch you out, possibly making you cry.
And all that is awesome if you can keep it up…but I’m telling you last night I screwed up and listened to the wrong voice. The one that said….
We are a retail business, established to give women (and everyone else) access to pleasure via information and good-quality products. I am deeply distressed that our mission, which is valued by so many, has been misrepresented, and I hope my statements can clarify the situation somewhat.
Nineteen year-old Alice’s pre-Underland life (or more accurately, her time in between trips to the fantasy land) sees her mother attempting to marry her off to Lord Ascot’s son, who’s rich, but a loser, and is just trying to trap Alice further into high society life. Alice’s mom isn’t an evil witch or anything (Ascot’s wife fills this role nicely), but that’s the point; it’s not just the mean that trap you, it’s the weak and meek who simply strap themselves in and ride the ride. There’s a huge scene at the Ascot estate that’s all boring dancing and society-demanded behavior. There’s a huge level of phoniness to it all, of course, as evidenced by Alice’s brother-in-law making out with someone who’s not his wife, but the overriding existence of this whole party sequence is to show us how trapped Alice is by society’s expectations.
Andrew lived about 80 miles from Nicole, and Nicole was apprehensive about meeting someone so quickly over the internet, so she admits she wasn't exactly pushing to meet with Andrew right off the bat.
Mine is my second/storage closet in my bedroom. It has served me well over the past year and a half. Of course, now that I’ve divulged this secret – I may need to make some changes. hmmm. Anyway, please don’t think this is just for a guy we want to date. It took 5 or 6 years before Cosby ever saw my apartment slightly dirty – but he also never looked in my storage closet. So maybe it was a mutual understanding.
More importantly, this will be the first opportunity for local poets to qualify for YorkSlam’s finals, to be held in June, where the top five poets on the night will form the first-ever YorkSlam team. Plans call for the team to participate in the new SLAMtario provincial tournament in July in Toronto, and then travel to Saskatoon in October to compete in the national slam at the Canadian Festival of Spoken Word.
In the Shakespeare series he’s still in the midst of writing the work we know him for (great!) but he also randomly comes up with lines and ideas which we know from Star Trek and Indiana Jones (bah!). I’m never going to believe he might die if he’s making up stuff I know from the 20th century. I’ve already suspended my disbelief, don’t break it! Less is more. Also, don’t lose me by jumping the shark or applying plot duct-tape.
37. Stephanie Meyer’s one and only non-Twilight book
In short, all together everyone:
My latest article is now on-line. The subject is about Mysterious Radio Numbers Stations, and you can read it here. The research has been long and complex and, at times, it hasn’t been easy to understand. So I’ve tried to distil what I’ve learned about it into a simple, concise, article.
I just need this reminder of WHY I do it sometimes...
Than this shattered image
David Suzuki: New rules make it easier for Canadian government to harm the environment
According to Sony, this is the main reason for said acquisition. The company wants smartphones to be part of the connected home that they have been creating for years. As of now, they have done a great job with their other products: computers, televisions, Blu-ray players, game consoles and other devices have the ability to communicate with one another, taking us closer to the “smart home.”
By sheer coincidence one of the beams of light hit an opaque glass dome set into one of the rings. It bounced off the ceiling and the crystal making a geometric shape. From below Se’rith indicated to Brelnya to line up the remaining two glass domes with the other two beams of light. It was clear that the Dwemer had some very specific intention for this device. Paratus could hardly contain his glee as the Dunmer manipulated the remaining rings until all the beams of light were reflecting and refracting off the glass domes.
Like much of the Gowanus Canal area, the land underneath the proposed Gowanus Village was considered extremely toxic. The property is officially designated as a brownfield, and in the past "included uses like a sulphur works and coal-fired power station, a paper mill, lumber yard, garage with gasoline storage tanks, an iron junk yard and auto repair shop," according to the Brooklyn Daily Eagle. The Batcave building itself was once the Central Power Station of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company (BRT). Dating back to at least 1896, this coal fired power plant was "capable of moving 125 tons of coal per hour" which was used to power "the engine and dynamo room," according to Electric Power Plants by Thomas Edward Murray.
A little old lady sold pretzels on a street corner for 25 cents each..
"because i can!"
The Keferloher solves both problems. Get a pint in a plastic beaker and pour it into the Keferloher. The excess carbonation gets knocked out of the beer, and you don’t have to drink out of plastic. The unfiltered version of St Mungo lager, Wild West, develops a splendid chewiness when treated like this. I always think beer tastes best in the open air drunk from one of these.
I had no idea it would be such a dramatic experience. Here's the bottom line.
After weeks of craziness, things are beginning to slow down. Just in time for summer to come when we’ll have even more craziness. I haven’t done any major cleaning to my house since before OGE’s party. Which means I haven’t really cleaned up from his party. I got a ton done today around the house. It felt good to see things clean again. I wouldn’t consider myself a clean freak, but I like to have my baby crawling around on clean floors rather than dirty. I’m also a little anal. I’m okay with that.
"A Perfect Alibi"
By RACHEL DONADIO
very supportive.
Join us and tell a friend to join the conversation!
The killers who were armed with a panga and a knife then severely beat Mr. Schoeman's 65 year old wife Güdryn before driving her to an ATM about 5 km outside of town where they forced her to withdraw cash. The killers then rolled the car and fled.
As you are reading this, we are in the middle of moving furniture, or cleaning our old apartment, or unpacking in the new one. Today is moving day, but I couldn't let my monthly Fry posts slide.
CRIME fears are keeping football fans away from the World Cup.
free (state services)/taxpayers’ money
We've all got ordinary, everyday items in our homes that would benefit from some love and attention, right ? So, this is the challenge, take an ordinary item, doesn't matter whether it's been bought especially to alter or if you've got something sitting on a shelf that you've had your eye on just waiting for the right moment. Using your craft products, transform it into a piece of art, let your imagination run wild ! Alter it!
After meeting the buyer, an emotional Sammons said it was hard for him to grasp the irony of the situation.
The free gift of God is no different. God has extended his grace as a free gift to all who will receive it. We must receive it by extending our hands of faith. Just as no one would say the child who extends his hands to receive a gift has somehow earned it, we should not think that by receiving the gift of God through faith that we have somehow merited our reward.
I thought maybe you would like to see this one as well.
I Am the Rebel of all Old Systems
It's one thing to fall head over heels into a puddle of hazelnut coffee, and quite another to fall for the—gasp—wrong guy. Straight-A junior Julia may be accident prone, but she's queen of following rules and being prepared. That's why she keeps a pencil sharpener in her purse and a pocket Shakespeare in her, well, pocket. And that's also why she's chosen Mark Bixford, her childhood crush, as her MTB ("meant to be").
Once our ransacked bowls had been cleared away, there was talk of the D-word…dessert! I tried to graciously bow out of this round, until Mr Cyclo passed by with a tantalising tower of crispy coconut crêpes and ice cream. He paused to waft it under our noses, knowing full well that the slightest taunt would throw me over the edge, and of course I fell hook, line and sinker. We ordered the Délice de Banane, and out came a flat slice of steamed banana cake with a brown sugar crust. Just as we were about to tuck in, our man cried “halt” and began spooning over the pool of sweet coconut milk it was swimming in. He explained that this would enhance the flavour and was, of course, spot on. I could have eaten the entire cake tin just drenched in the stuff.
If the men England shot were his father’s murderers or accessories, that would change everything. Somewhere during the past few years, after reading of widespread vigilante justice in New Orleans, I wrote that I had no problem with someone killing the murderer of his loved one. If the law enforcement and criminal justice authorities are worthless, citizens have no obligation to defer to them. Such obligations are conditional.
Here's the trailer.
I've also learned the best way to reheat leftover pizza. Leftover pizza was never a problem when TBHITW was here.
So all parents pussy-footed,
I have a bunch of shit I could talk about, but I'm not really in the mood to write a full blog post about any particular topic, so I'll just blather on a few of the random events that happened this weekend...
When I’m not cheating, and taking pics with Instagram, I’m definitely taking these tips on board and hope my project photography is benefiting accordingly. Certainly using natural light, neutral backgrounds and turning off the flash is really helping get the colours true to life, which is particularly useful when it comes to delicious stash shots.
We would love to see all your summer layouts!!
I named this blog skinny and strong because while yes, I do want to be skinny, I don’t want to do it if it compromises my health. I’m on a journey to become skinny AND strong.
You may submit as many entries as you like.
It's been a while since I've posted. Sorry about that.
The smell of turkey baking, the Thanksgiving parade on the TV (whether anyone’s watching it or not) followed by the Lion’s game (we may actually watch it this year), and the sound of Christmas music (Thanksgiving is the first official day of listening to Christmas music here, although every year someone tries to cheat and listen to it earlier). These are the traditions that have woven the background of Thanksgiving celebrations since my childhood, but every year has a unique flavor all it’s own.
I'm really grateful to Clive's generous spirit for putting together such an interesting collection of artists and encouraging playful creativity like this. Expect more hinged beings in due course, perhaps dancing to a tune or two.
Thomas E. Gorman, 41, Middlesex, N.J.
Why do certain crafties continue to prefer European aroma hops over the US grown surrogates? Do the land race varieties offer superior flavor and aroma? Is it true that the US grown aroma varieties were never intended to replace the nobles?
Well, kinda.
Strength: 92/100
“The munis and the dEvAs (Devas), Indra and others do not see me. I alone am that parA Maya, whose self is nArAyaNa. I am that omni-present highest Lord, the highest brahman, absorbed in Him (made of the same stuff). Those who think about these things see no difference between Me and nArAyaNa.
My fellow marketing professionals, I am about to say something profoundly surprising.
Bananas and carob are both rich in pectin, which binds loose stools. Eat a banana mashed with a tablespoon or two or carob powder: One serving may take care of the problem, or you may need more. This is an especially good remedy for children."
Dear Fairweather Friend-
7. Preheat the oven at 400 F.
Episode 1 was very dialogue heavy, which may turn people off from the series, but not me; I love my dialogue in anime. Hyouka is going to be 21 episodes (kind of a weird number) so there is no rush for the plot to kick in. I expect there to be some more character development and some new characters before we eventually get to the plot. The show has potential and should be interesting, I look forward to seeing some more of it.
Well sort of. I had the best intentions to post some more cards last weekend, but then life got in the way again. I had fun at a national scrapbook day crop, thanks Becky.
- Nordic Walking – Individual and Group Travel
YDS: Is there anything else we should know about the protest or any other information related to this protest / cuts that we should know?
Then he would comprehend more of the big picture, for God was already in Rome ordering his steps when he would arrive. God was inGalatia, that land off to the north, caring for the believers, those near and dear to Paul. He certainly could no longer minister unto them as the apostle of the Gentiles but he could intercede for them and God could do that ministering spiritually.
This is definitely a novella for Beatles fans who want to follow Brite’s line of thought in positing a hypothetical romantic relationship between Lennon and McCartney beyond the usual realm of fanfiction. (Oh, they’re out there. I won’t tell you where, but they’re out there.) Because it’s so thinly veiled and the context is, well, missing, you might want to brush up on the Beatles before you read Plastic Jesus, if it interests you, but if you’re curious about gay rights, this isn’t the novella to enlighten you.
I hate this place. It stinks and it's dirty and there's piss everywhere and needles and garbage and yesterday when I went for a run in the park I had to traverse a trail that had been completely covered in used toilet paper. I've been robbed at gunpoint here, just down the street from my apartment. San Francisco is expensive, and I'll never be able to afford to buy a home. The city government is corrupt, there's nowhere to park, the people are all fucking crazy, and don't even get me started about MUNI.
1997- Geri’s Game
Then in rhythm it is gone,
From the advertisements, I learned about local businesses I didn't know about.
It is the alliance of these two well known populist leaders that is so enticing to the aspiring politicians in both local and national levels, the re-electionists and to some ‘comebacking’ politicians, who wants to ride on the popularity of Estrada and Binay.
But I hope not!
Lately, my answer has been simple: oats in a jar.
Some weeks are easier than others when it comes to getting this column done. This Friday’s isn’t easy, mainly because of all the different possible permutations this weekend. It could turn out to be a cakewalk against Norwich, and then on Sunday our rivals could lose in matches against sides that are fighting for the title and relegation. In a couple of days we could already be kicking back and looking forward to the Euros and the next season.
We could obviously spend all day talking about this and still not cover every potential scenario. So think about the places where you spend the most time and make a specific plan for each location. The more prepared you are, and the more you consider specific circumstances, the better prepared
I am having my first event this Friday at work. I am in charge of the catering portion. I feel like I have everything under control, which means, I forgotten something. Hopefully it will show itself tomorrow so it will go off without a hitch on Friday.
The information given in this book is quite useful to those who feel at a loss when watching a loved one go through cancer. The fact that it is written by a former cancer patient makes it that much more meaningful. This is someone who has been there and knows what is really helpful and what isn't. She was fortunate enough to have friends and family who seemed to have instinctively known what to do to help her through her own ordeal. She also had extreme faith in God.
Ramadam Kareem
And OK we did all enjoy the antics of The Wobbly Thong and The Crafty Pint gathering video footage which will either form part of a magnificent on-line production or allow them to receive free beer from several brewers forever by NOT allowing the footage to see the light of day. But, really apart from that and the other Super-happy-terrific Funshow that was going on upstairs – you didn’t miss anything.
Elmasry accuses the Jews of ethnic cleansing, of apartheid and of being the instigators behind the invasion of Iraq. One of the site's specialties is rooting out the Jewish "cabal" that runs the Canadian government.
12. 3 row window seat left side
45. Joe Bonamassa - Funkier Than A Mosquito's Tweeter (5:00)
Of course politicians on the left are attempting to take all the credit for the get. It is important to give President Obama high marks for making the call to send in the SEALs. It was a risky call, and if it had gone badly, he would have taken a lot of heat, especially since the Pakistan government wasn't informed of the operation. He took a big chance, and it paid off. But it is also important that credit should also be given to the CIA and George W. Bush for their interrogation techniques in secret prisons that got the initial information that started us down the path to bin Laden.
I passed by a bandstand with Sharon, Nathan and Kelly. It was every time I'd ever passed a bandstand rolled into one. I was walking past a bandstand with friends, like I'd done before. With different friends. It was new and it was old. I looked over the fence and so did they. How many people had done the same before us? Friends, looking down at the beach, possibly hundreds of thousands. They had felt the warmth of camaraderie that I was now feeling. I felt a deep fondness for my companions. A comfort that was beyond this instant, that was curiously eternal, shared with my past, present, and future.
Right now, there is a huge void when it comes to customer service in retail and now is your chance differentiate yourself from your competition. I don’t care if you are small and you’re competing against a big box. You can succeed this season.
Granted, a bird’s nest is no big deal around here. They have arranged themselves in many odd places, but never the toy bin. I checked it out, it seemed empty so I discarded it on the ground and went about my work. At the grand finale of my porch cleaning (after driving around in the ATV for a bit — I get distracted easily) I finally got around to sweeping the patio. Sweep, sweep, sweep. I look over in the grass and think, “What the heck is that?” At first I thought some giant spider or bug was in the nest (I have bad eyes) it turned out to be 5 baby birds! Crap. I run to my husband and tell him about the misfortune of these “dead” little birdies. After his refusal to deal with the birds, I begrudgingly headed back to scoop them up and discard them. Double crap! They were still alive!! Now what? I have completely destroyed their nest and now I am gonna end up killing them because their Mama bird won’t be able to find them. (Insert extreme guilt and panic and maybe I almost cried).
From those lyrics, a single image popped into my head: of a boy sitting in a classroom, desperately lonely despite the many students around him, wanting to be ignored. This boy had a secret, I came to see, one so awful that if it were ever made known his otherwise civil classmates would--in a split second--kill him. I pondered what that secret might be. When it came to me, I literally jumped out of my seat: the boy was the only surviving human in a world filled with vampire-like creatures. No existence could be lonelier or scarier than that.
(End note) During the first thought processes of this article I was doing an EVP recording where I was explaining to our friends on the other side what I was trying to get across in this article and got an outstanding Class A of one word, “Commission” in a loud male whisper. I didn’t take this to mean getting paid for the writing. After looking up some definitions I felt that it more meant: responsibility or charge, assignment, authority granted for a particular action or function, authority to act as agent for another or others, the power thus granted. I don’t know who this wonderful entity was but he strengthened my belief in the miracle of the other side and renewed my passion for life here on the Earth plane.
Thank you for letting us back inside.
And does beseech I make it whole,
*Depends on how much we like this one.
My mom had parts of her intestines removed due to cancer and has multiple myloma (in remission, currently).
where do you find your color inspiration?
Watching Michelle Obama hula hooping plunged me back to my childhood. We had a hula hoop craze in the Congo too and I was pretty good at it: I was called a sissy for that, for hula hooping was considered a girl's "thing." But I’m sure that the new Congolese generation of both genders would certainly pick it up—if it weren’t for the prohibitive costs, though it’d be easy to make hula hoops with rattan or palm tree branches. I don't know why, but Michelle Obama's hula hoop swivels made me think she'd be good at Congolese dance, based roughly on the same principle...
Afterwards we hung out for a bit on the sidewalk and then eventually headed to Perry's. Thanks again to Jen, she secured us entry to where the elites and upper level volunteers were given the VIP treatment. Free food, free beer and a free rubdown = awesome. It took a lot of self-discipline not to go crazy on the breakfast menu however. It was delicious and there was plenty of it but I kept it under control. I did avail myself of the free rubdown and got to catch up with other friends.
Internationally syndicated award-winning cartoonist, author, and stand-up comic. Author of Bizarro. vegan
Torn Mozzarella 1/4 ball
We'll see you around!
Some of our stuff might come in handy.
Today I have my third post as the Flourishes Limelight Designer to share with you! My card is inspired by an image of a decorated room that I found while searching in google images. If you want to see the inpsiration photo, please go to my Inspired by a Room post on the Flourishes blog. The photo is fabulous, and is very close to what I want our room to look like when I am done decorating it! Here is my card!
Moving on to the other big stories this week, we are back in recession, the economy shrunk by 0.2%, it’s a double dip.
Week 2 of football, mind you. I would not make the same call in week 16. Oh, and you're welcome for the pun.
My Dad was one as well!
Trampoline Bear Abuse or Cool Critter Celebration? As Shepard Smith‘s beloved Ole Miss progresses forward with its mascot pick of the Rebel Black Bear to replace Colonel Reb, the Studio B and Fox Report anchor continues to be conflicted about moving forward from his signature segment “Bear Alert” to a more animal-friendly “Cool Critters.” As a case in point, last Thursday, Shep reported the very same story (about a newborn Atlanta panda cub) under the respective rubrics differently on his two daily FNC programs: To wit, on Studio B, Shep narrated the tale as the “Bear Alert,” accompanying it as usual with the cruel Trampoline Bear video (showing a tranquilized bear falling from a tree onto a trampoline, being hurled high into the air, and then crashing headfirst into the unyielding ground) whereas on the Fox Report, Shep retold it as a “Cool Critters” story without the repugnant Trampoline Bear clip.
I have a techy problem, and being super non-techy I have no clue how to solve it.
Congrats again to all my little friends. Wishing each of you a smooth transition to Primary One and an enriching school life ahead!
I spent the first weekend in August on the east side of the state for St. Louis Craft Beer Week. The folks of STL Hops do an amazing job of organizing and executing a week long celebration of craft beer that includes more than 60 events ranging from tastings, beer dinners, meet the brewer gatherings, and a firkin festival. The level of participation for so many events was pretty incredible. I spent Thursday-Sunday in St. Louis and stayed busy from early in the morning until late at night. It's fairly absurd that some of these things are considered work. Crazy!
Numerous methods have been developed to try to objectively assess foetal movements.
But first let’s look at another post that inspired me and I hope inspires you from Bloglovin.
Following the intake of supporters that can be consumed to scrape excess fat:
Selsor and his accomplice Eugene Dodson, 71, robbed the store and shot two employees. Chandler was killed, and the other employee, Ina Morris, 20, survived after being shot multiple times by Dodson.
Beloved Movie Star by Stan Ridgway
On the other side of the highway from this very lonely-looking hotel stands everything you might expect to find in a small Canadian town. Actually, now that I’m thinking about it, it’s really got everything that is quintessentially Canadian, crammed and squished together in a very small area. It’s quite remarkable. Of course, one of the many shops in this area is Tim Hortons, and it is this particular location that we’ve been frequenting recently. As far as I know, we had never discussed what each individual store was with the children, and we certainly hadn’t mentioned what the hotel across the highway was, which is what makes the following interaction all the more ridiculous:
I was definitely a little leery of the passion fruit things, but I gave them a try, and they were pretty okay. I’m not sure I loved them enough to seek them out (like those pumpkin seeds…Leah, where did you get those anyway?!?) but I certainly didn’t spit them out.
Well, maybe I should preface this by saying I love a loud arena. I love the excitement in the air. I love the synchronized chants of, "Let's go, Jac-kets!" *Clap, clap, clap-clap, clap!* I love it, okay? I dig the noise.
“The reality is, if there’s cost of attendance and you can’t afford it, don’t do it,” Smith said. “The teams you’re trying to beat can’t do it either. Don’t do it because Ohio State’s doing it. That’s one of the things schools at that level get trapped into thinking.”
Among the songs Brian picked were Carole King's "Now That Everything's Been Said", Tommy Roe's "Everybody", Delaney and Bonnie's "Superstar", The Shirelles's "Mama Said" and three songs from the Wilson Brothers. Two came from Dennis Wilson. "Fallin In Love" ( recorded as "Lady" on Pacific Ocean Blue) and "Forever" from The Beach Boys album Sunflower. Also from Sunflower came "This Whole World" with an extra bridge ("Starlight/Star Bright"). That's the song The Mojo Collection-The Greatest Albums Of All Time calls the highlight of this mostly unheard album..."as fine as anything Brian Wilson ever produced"
Blaze*
So, being nice is not always about putting others before you but is about putting yourself before others where it would benefit you as well as the others.
YA; Contemporary
Let the countdown begin!
Jeff!.... You're blowing it Jeff. What are you doing? I wanna know. The roller coaster ride continues folks.
During the 5 September 2008 broadcast of the Fox News program “Hannity and Colmes,” Kirsten Powers said this:
This brewery opened in 1866 and became known as the . . . New Glarus Brewing Company in 1911. The brewery did not reopen after Prohibition. Today the building is part of a grocery and meat market. (p. 184)
Lloyd and his jinn worshipping empty sets, numerologically obsessed, astrological slaves and OCD’d retards are not part of us. They make that obvious over and over again by the millions of dead people they cause to appear thousands of miles away from their ceremonial sites and dank temple cellars of worship.
unruffled
SJ: *shoves book at my pillow* This BOOK!
6 tbsp strawberry jam
Jayaram Ravi (Class of 2015)
The Hungarians call this Omlos Teasutemeny (oom-loosh TAY-ahsh-soo-teh-men-ee) which I still can't pronounce even with the phonetic spelling! The Czechs have a version called Cukrovi that includes nuts in the jam filling. True Scottish shortbread is made with only butter, flour, and sugar ... no eggs. But none of that matters 'cause this jam-filled treat is addictively declicious!
and ready to reverse himself
Happy 2012 to all!
Witherspoon
You know I love you still
Seeing his brother’s troubled heart and paleness, the king began to question him then and there, in the middle of everyone; unable to get the words of Nārada out of his mind.
By Michelle Malkin
Luckily I had my bag and the baby’s bag semi packed so we loaded everything into the car, including the dog, who was very confused as to what we were doing at 2:30am. Of course it was snowing and the visibility wasn’t the greatest. At this point I wasn’t that uncomfortable, but as the drive continued I started to cramp and feel the contractions - they were about every 3-4 minutes. Off course, this is the time Brian decides to drive cautiously to the hospital, where as I was thinking - hurry up! Not that I was going to deliver in the car, but I wanted to be there so I knew the baby was okay.
221) having them all here unexpectedly....all the cousins together....all laughing at the littlest one!
…. Do you suppose that means it qualifies as a medical expense on my taxes? …. I am, of course, kidding…. Like I said, the trip was paid for last year….. Still, it is an interesting thought….
Quick and Easy Zucchini Pancake for One
us the Father’?
And then, things began to take a sour turn.
Other Half rolled his eyes when I came home flushed with success at my purchase, and has been heard to grumble, "It's gets more and more like the set of Abigail's Party in this bloody house!"
Jo said that she had already read this book three or four times, and she will probably do it again, because although the narrator is so repellant - pompous, self-centred, utterly misanthropic (he refers to 'golliwog' hair and expresses his distaste for 'queers' and his view of women is pretty unreconstructed) and without moral sense (his view of pity is as the only permissible version of the urge to give weak things a good hard shake) - she found it so very beautifully written. We all agreed that the prose, for which Banville is famous, is indeed striking: beautifully modulated sentences and stunning visual descriptions making the whole extremely visually vivid, (including in this case repeated descriptions of the quality of sunlight that one critic has acutely pointed out aptly chimes with the Dutch masters' preoccupation with light), though peppered throughout with archaic vocabulary - he uses words like bespeaks, tarried and athwart - and others requiring reference to a dictionary. Elegant is the word I'd use for this prose, and this is Freddie's prose purportedly, since this is his confession: elegant, sensitive, educated; fastidious yet lush.
My Big Fat Independent Movie Movie On Internet
GOOD FOR YOU, JOSH!!! on behalf of all us mums who've 'never worked a day in their lives', THANKYOU. Your mum must be so goddamn proud of the job she's done.
Judy: “I’m optimistic. I can lead cheers.”
It’s surprising how different my routine has gotten. I didn’t know what day of the week it was today. It only took a week for me to lose track of that kind of time. On the other hand, I can tell the time by the position of the sun now (within an hour).
A reason for being pissy:
What is divinity if it can come
2 Do you think about food or your weight constantly?
13 It was not through the law that Abraham and his offspring received the promise that he would be heir of the world, but through the righteousness that comes by faith. 14 For if those who depend on the law are heirs, faith means nothing and the promise is worthless, 15 because the law brings wrath. And where there is no law there is no transgression.
*Take a virtual field trip of a museum online.
Now, I was also planning on hanging some artwork to complete this bed wall project. Remember the mockup I drew last week?
So in my usual quirky self, I ask if she was..."Dusty Lulu?!?!?" And sure enough, it was!!! Oh she is just the most darling & sweetest person! I tell her that I'm a fan of her blog and we chit-chat and laugh away! I love it when I get to meet another fellow blogger in person! :)
It will always be delivered in Word format, but you will need Excel spreadsheets to calculate the analyses for your financial plan.
The challenge theme is 'anything goes'!!!!!! As many of you may know I've had problems with my Cricut, so this weekend I had to go to my MIL's house to use her Cricut. I have had so many people giving me a hand with a million different things (because we all know that when it rains, it pours) so I wanted to make 'Thank you' cards. Although this is a very simple card, it was exactly what I wanted. :)
This is the third time I've tried to comment on this thread, but I can't tell if Blogger has let me do so for the others. Don't mean to spam the thread.
We were on a mission to buy Boy 1 a T-shirt for his birthday. We located the shop, which was all decked up on the outside to look like a house with white shutters and tiles. Inside we found a warren of tiny little rooms overstuffed with kit. And Boy 1, as if a switch had been flicked, got very grumpy and teenage with me. He was so obviously finding me a total embarrassment. Can't think why, I only said things like:
We will discover the beauty in life and pursue it with the whole of our beings.
If so, then yes, and thank you!
Hi Readers — Those of you who have read my book know there’s a chapter called, “Fail! It’s the New Succeed!” The idea being that when we let kids fail, they learn that it’s not the end of the world and this is a great lesson, even though it’s very painful (for parents. And kids, too, I guess.)
The first is a quick gift card holder that I created for my son to give to the principal on the last day of school.
running my hands over my eyes,
Keep in mind that public education was designed to create beings with set responses to authority. This line of thinking is what got us here having to discuss how to raise a psychic child. We are out of whack with our natural selves because we have subscribed to a system that forces us to try and be like everyone else. Funny enough, we’re not really all that different. But, we must step into our whole selves which includes embracing all of our abilities. Unschooling represents the undoing of that old paradigm. It’s in the experimenting with what we like and want that we discover who we are. As an Unschooling mama, I am pleasantly surprised with how well my son can read, write and analyze data. Unschooling is not about not learning… It’s simply about unblocking that which was holding us back from learning these hidden treasures about ourselves. If you know that regular school is best for your child, trusting that instinct is part of embracing your family’s psychic ability. My suggestion in that case is to take these Unschooling vibes your home life and feel how that inspires you.
So far? Each of the women I have served this to have moaned in ecstasy and insisted on regular play dates.
Lemon Meringue Pie
Captivity. That’s an interesting word. Those who will not acknowledge me as a person in their lives have placed me in captivity; they would prefer that I remain locked up in their closet. Who is free? Neither of us. They have a closet door they are trying desperately to keep shut, and I just want to open the door–because it turns out, I am alive.
Since this was a simple creation, I guess I will go back to my Four Ingredient Cook Books and not make this week’s cooking too complicated. Maybe we should try something that is not a dessert.
A Sunday Times investigation has found the use of these pay deals is widespread across government. In some cases companies can be used to reduce a personal tax bill to 2% a year compared with up to 50% if the individual were on the government payroll. The companies must also pay corporation tax, but the overall tax bill would still be about half that paid by a salaried employee.
The end results are impressive. And very Chorlton.
oh, so pretty isn't it?
How are you using your plowshare and your pruning hook for God’s glory today? Ask God to show you how He wants to use your skills, resources, and relationships to prepare for the great harvest He has planned.
The ladder incident (or rather the latest ladder incident) led to an epiphany. I have a large truck. It has this really nice and strong camper shell. The garage is open at the moment and, you know, it's right there, so...
Sour grapes?
the only rule was for my creation to measure under 12 x 14 inches...
I am an automaton that puts in hours, remiss not to use my brain. I long for a life line in the form of a podcast at least, but headphones are verboten.
People are risking their lives and dying on a daily basis to have this privelege I am fussing about, so I realize that my biannual peeve is just this: grumpiness. I hereby resolve to grow up and be more thankful for my opportunity to vote. And the cynic in me is trying mightily not to be discouraged by the symbolism of a strong wind this morning, blowing lots of cold, wet snow into town. Slick, near whiteout conditions whilst driving to my polling place. Is there a double meaning in that?
Today I cooked my 'Chicken Curry' the way she did.
There were a number of Boers who resisted the Afrikaner agenda mainly in the form of opting for secession & or the restoration of the old Boer Republics but they were often labeled as or overshadowed by the purported Right Wing.
In talking to his nephew, Slashreap talks about the internet:
The farmer finally got in from his crisis with the tractor at 5pm. The mechanic arrived at half past one and they managed to get the tractor into the open-fronted barn for repair. By that time it was raining hard and within half an hour the rain had turned to snow and winds of fifty plus miles an hour had risen. They were coming from the North and blowing directly into the barn.
Allie is one of those narrators that isn't easy to forget. What she has been through leaves both physical and internal scars that color the ways she sees everything. At the beginning, we find Allie trying to cope with the loss of her boyfriend from a tragic car accident and to recover from her physical injuries. Living in a small town means she is under a microscope and one tiny wrinkle in her mourning causes a wave in the town. I was afraid Allie was going to be too mopey for me to like but as she starts to make herself go through the motions of her day, the reader begins to see who Allie actually is and not what grief and guilt wants her to be. We find out that she was involved in an abusive relationship with the boy who died and is so broken and conflicted by what they appeared to have on the outside that she can't get over the death. I loved how even though Allie was hurting, she could still find the good people. I was a little frustrated that she wouldn't stand up for herself and wanted to shake some sense into her for always succumbing to what people expected instead of what she wanted. But because she was so broken and timid, it made the moment she started fighting back so very satisfying.
☆ Select one or several fonts
The question Plan B poses is who decides that racoons are for boys and yorkshire terriers are for girls? It's a question that really grabbed me. The sort of topic that I am really interested in. And it got me thinking and for a while I was a little stumped. I got in touch with a couple of friends who I thought might have some insight into this. One has worked in design for many, many years imparting his excellent knowledge to people like me. He thought that there were 'no rules' regarding which animals belong to each gender, rather the way in which the animal is styled and coloured can determine which gender it was suitable for. I can see that; in fact hedgehogs could actually feature on clothes for either girls or boys depending on how 'rounded' or 'cuddly' they are depicted. For boys, when I think of hedgehogs, they definitely have to be more 'true to life'. My friend also asked me to consider "sinister rabbits and horses" on boys clothing. That made me laugh, it sounds far too much like a bad dream.
2009-04-01 Bloemfontein - The brutal ‘muti-related murders’ of two Free State farmers at Vierfontein in Viljoenskroon were deplored by the commercial farmers body Free State Agriculture president Louw Steytler, who ‘strongly condemned the cowardly and gross manner of the murders. I urge farmers to get involved in Free State Agriculture's rural safety plan," he said in a statement.
A property located within 60 metres of the glyph site existed from around 1929 , the owner was E.F Gilford who was so fascinated with the local Aboriginal carvings , that he wrote an article for the local newspaper in 1931.
To practise you could take a famous scene or one of your own scenes and reverse all the gender roles. Scenes including physical description of the body may not work but anything else will usually go.
Mad River falls into the ‘good musicians, below average vocals’ category. Merciful Monks kicks off the LP with slashing guitar work and a great David Robinson guitar solo, and features some frenzied drumming. High All The Time is classic psychedelia (how could it not be with that title) that starts with the piercing guitars before Lawrence Hammonds semi-grating vocals kick in. Wind Chimes is the standout track on the album, as an atmospheric opening leads into some soaring guitar parts with tasteful flute included as well. The War Goes On comes from a creepy, dark place and is a great late night groover (play after 11pm and keep the lights dim.) This LP is another guitar feast that will satisfy any cravings for late sixties acid rock. If you are tired of your old Dead and Quicksilver CDs I suggest you give a listen to Mad River’s first self-titled LP. Their second release, Paradise Bar and Grill, heads off into stoner cowboy rock, and sounds like an early version of The New Riders of The Purple Sage. Pretty boring. I will tell you up front I had no mind-altering substances on hand when I listened to this second release, and will gladly send it to anyone who does; you can update us from the appropriate higher perspective. What hurt Mad River was having an acid rock guitar-dominated first LP, and then a completely different, more acoustic sounding follow up.
The guests arrived at Ashland for some networking and a create-your-own wedding attire station. The group was introduced to the Museum by Curator, Eric Brooks and Director of Tour Operations, Avery Malone. We heard about exciting reenactments and other opportunities at Ashland. Then came the tour. The participants had to be dragged out of the entertaining tours – well not literally. The group tried to retain as much information as they could because they were going to be quizzed on the information for a chance at a $50 gift card to DeSha’s Restaurant and Coffea! I want to thank everyone who came to participate and make this event so special, especially Chelsea Sparks, and our volunteers-Amanda McClain and Jessica Kral. We are looking forward to our next AAH at Tuska House and hope to see everyone there!
Between the nazarenos and the pasos walk women of every age – perhaps several generations in the same confraternity – dressed like old time widows in traditional mantillas (and the occasional impressively high pair of heels.)
When the Q&A began, Michael Decker praised Bilbao and said he cheered for Gehry when he got an honorary degree at Brandeis--"and now I live in Brooklyn."
haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaai.
Now, just two problems. How to write it up properly, and how to get it to someone who is in a position to make such changes . . .
But they were not able to sign any of them and settled for trading away underappreciated Mike Napoli and Juan Rivera for the widely considered untradeable contract of Vernon Wells. Obviously, that did not work out too well for the Angels.
Alright, Truebies! It’s almost time to start the 30 Day Countdown until True Blood is back where it belongs on our television screens! Last year, I followed an itinerary of topics during all 30 days. But this year, I will be blogging as a member of the 2012 30 Day Fang-A-Thon!
That, and just seeing a film projected big can be an overwhelming feeling in an of itself, especially with the widest of aspect ratios. This I especially felt with The World—though perhaps a part of that was because I was seated in the second row of the theater. (At theaters like Film Forum and MoMA, I have started to make it a habit to sit as close to the screen as possible—especially at Film Forum, where the screens are relatively small compared to the standard multiplex screen.)
Today, our younger guide told us: “The Party allows us to believe in religion.”
I love the cozy touch the linen panels add to the bedroom, while also drawing attention to the tall ceilings.
Blend until smooth. Drink it up!
Like Pollan’s approach, Stein arrived at her present opinion through a series of trial and error. She didn’t set fire to a woodchuck’s home, but she did take part in the wholesale spraying of trees which led to the destruction of more than just the pest she was trying to save the trees from. Now (well, seventeen years ago) she doesn’t preach that you completely let your lawn go wild - what appears will not always be what you want to see - but that you understand the stages at which things happen, plant judiciously and with a vision of what it will look like in seventeen years rather than seventeen days (or months, even) and know that once you’ve restored the habitat to the balance it knew before the developers had their way with it...well, then you can sit back and watch the party. (By the way, I found the chapter in which she used the “Lawn As Party, Gardener as Host/Hostess” metaphor particularly charming.)
Implementing the Manifesto
Desk accessories....Matching sets of baby wipes covers, Needle/ long pin case and pin cushion. Sold as sets but items may be purchased separately on request.
But the people who love beer made it happen and I'm assuming we still want it done right. If we have to shame craft brewers into this, if we have to make fun of them, if we have to appeal to their sense of tradition and call them out when they ignore it -- that's how this is supposed to work! The brewers, the passionate ones, are supposed to be running this, not the marketers and sellers of the stuff, and it's supposed to be run for us, the people who love the beer, the people who know when the hell summer and fall begin.
I conduct all of our first round interviews in our business. Some people will hire anyone, I will not. One of the questions that has always stuck out to me is question number 6. Who is your hero? 97.9% of the time I get Mom, Dad, Aunt, Uncle or Grandparent. And when I ask why, I usually get the same response. "They've always been there for me." LAME! Shouldn't a hero be someone who inspires greatness in you? I think it's a tough question and every time I ask it I wonder who I would say.
Regarding the starting time of the TV soapy “Sewende Laan” on SABC 2 on Friday, 6 April 2012, the same day this tragedy occurred:
Hot off the drawing pad... ready for you to add a mat and frame.
I think the key characteristic of the über-posh lady would be her ability to carry on speaking in coherent phrases for as much of the coupling as possible; and then, when her desires have been sated, to attend to her daily programme with the same grace and diligence as before.
This doesn't mean that we no longer need sponsorship! Quite the opposite - every penny you donate now will help us increase our chances of reaching Mongolia alive, which is a pretty good cause I think you'll agree.
This weekend would have been a good day to tackle the annual hack and slash on the wild roses, but I just didn't have the energy.
But gone are the days of alarm-less mornings and here are the days of showering, ties, and learning! Yes indeed, school has started! The first of September is known by many names here in Ukraine. Not only is it the Day of the First Bell, but also the Day of Knowledge, and the First Day of Fall!
It’s Saturday morning and I just slept until 9am. I had forgotten what sleep felt like. It is fucking glorious, if you’re wondering.
The reason I talk to myself is because I am the only one whose answers I accept. -George Carlin
-pockets & tights: olive green, 5767-T, 617-T
A very special blogger posted today about God's faithfulness, it was His words through her, I was so encouraged...and I could see His face!
Lastly - I'm getting the opportunity to live for two years in a country that's completely foreign (pun intended) to most Americans, a place where very few people ever get to visit. And it's a proving to be a fascinating two years!
21. She's Up To Something New
Cut a 4" square of wool or woolfelt. Make a paper pattern by folding paper in half, then in half again and cut a pointed flower leaf shape. This doesn't have to be perfect. The tops of real strawberries are all different. :-) I used woolfelt for my leafy top and to get a mottled effect, I dipped a paint brush in bleach and dabbled it on the woolfelt. This removes some color and gives a more natural look. Place your paper pattern on the wool or woolfelt and cut around pattern piece.
. Shares $ Market Value
We ate lots of great food and enjoyed out trip last year and we also had a great trip this year. I planned this trip and decide where to stay, where to eat and stuff. My husband loved everything I planned so I was very happy :-)
Brookie.. is a whole different personality...... she has zero patience. She can go from smiling and happy to a full blown ear piercing scream in one second. Once Brookie has had enough of something......she has had enough!!.....there are no warnings..... there are no cues......she just breathes in .....and screams!
In 1988 Slick Rick dropped his legendary debut album The Great Adventures of Slick Rick. Universally acclaimed, the platinum LP immediately catapulted Richard Walters into the pantheon of esteemed emcees who established the foundation of hip hop's future. One of the most unique, dynamic, and refreshing voices to grace the hip hop landscape, Slick Rick is without question one of rap's founding fathers.
The temperature is 78 degrees! In just a day the snow has retreated from vast portions of the garden. There are day lily sprouts along the foundation of the house. Red buds of rhubarb are poking out of the ground, pushing its way past last years detritus. John Denver is singing in his lovely tenor,"Sunshine on My Shoulders."
warm earth colors. Our wall are all painted with Kilim Beige and Latte by
Within its past,
So last year my daughter’s creche was under threat of closing, as the owner was emigrating and my husband and I were unsure of what to do. After scouting several creches, we settled on a wonderful little creche that was a bit more expensive and a little further out. So at the end of December I forked out the January fees, a lump in my throat when I clicked ‘pay’ on the internet banking. Oh, this excludes the not-so-small non-refundable deposit I paid in October.
Senate Republicans have long backed eliminating the scholarships. Minority Leader Christine Radogno:
Have a great day! Hug the busiest person you know. Remind them to take a moment to share a hug!
Walker himself was brought to the stand to testify, the judge warning those in the court room not to look the mayor in the eye, lest they succumb to Walker's sensational charm.
Mercedes AMG Powertrains reside on the site that was previously Mercedes Benz High Performance Engines (MBHPE). Now renamed to reflect the wider application of the groups knowledge, both to uses outside F1 and to areas other than engines. Powertrain is a catch all term covering; engine, transmission, electronics and of course KERS Hybrid systems.
I followed the cold breeze to the front door. It was wide open. I had entered the house through the garage. WHO LEFT THE FRONT DOOR WIDE OPEN? Just as I was deciding whether to flee out the front door or run back in and rescue my iPhone boyfriend and iPad goddess from the clutches of a probable serial killer, I saw the UPS truck pull away from the curb. And then I noticed that just inside the front door was a package from Amazon. Oh, good, the book my daughter wanted had arrived. Putting two and two together I realized that the UPS guy put the book inside of the house and yelled, “HELLOOOOO?” because the front door was wide open.
Television sets were ripped off the wall, and money and shards of glass were scattered on the floor.
Surprisingly a fair few of those messages sent by bottle post did make it to dry land, there are a good many articles in the newspapers mentioning the discovery of them.
White is a summer staple year in year out, it’s timeless and fresh, white protects your daughter by reflecting heat, and white accessories look clean and classy. Chances are, she’s topped up on cotton shirts, but how are you doing with those cute hair accessories?
A good thing you should do is for you to allow loved ones be aware that a person maintenance. Help with dinners, ply the children’s nursery, drop in having a gift or perhaps credit card, or maybe phone. Anyone does respond to be able to burning differently, however trying reminds men and women they are certainly not alone. You’re proper care could help draw attention away from these people off their sorrow making it possible for a simpler move in to a typical schedule. In other words, just becoming there is an best thing you can do to aid.
The Beare Park Boat Shed Cafe, 13 Esplanade Road, Elizabeth Bay
We use the name White Dragon. There is another group that calls themselves the White Hats.
I have never failed a job interview. I always get a call back, always make it to the second interview, always get the offer. Until very recently, I have never actually turned down the offer.
The really sad part is that no one even bothered to look up when the alarm went off. I guess it's more important to keep pressing that spin button than it is to make sure you're not in danger.
listening
A principal reason is how the three major indices are constructed. They do not begin to measure the same thing and are not simple duplicates of each other. The way they are defined and the actions of a single stock can have a big impact on performance.
So the blogging ambivilence. It comes and goes. Ebbs and flows like the muscle definition line on the outer edge of my thigh, the way it appears sometimes when I cross my legs at the knee. I love that goddamned line.
If you head to “The Dark Knight Rises” official site be prepared for a viral marketing campaign. Here’s a link in case you want to check it out for yourself.
I'm not saying that walking away from the edits will make it easy to deal with them when you come back. It won't, necessarily. When we worked on Shadows on the Moon my editor had a problem with the way a certain plot thread was resolved. She felt that it was unsatisfying for the reader, and in the back of my head I agreed with her. But unfortunately I was completely stumped as to how to weave that thread back in without tangling up for or five others that were vital to the end of the story. And what was more, leaving that part of the plot like that had been in my original plans, from when I very first started the story, and my stubborn back-brain was convinced that it should work like that, dammit.
hing- 1/4 tsp
The Challenges I am entering my creation into are the following:-
Please stop reading here if you do not wish to read minor spoilers.
Anyway, the idea was to have these big, glossy pictures of real kittens in costumes and backgrounds from history, a kind of entertaining, learning book for kids.
Hmmm. I did do cotton hand towels, with that terrific Weavezine looped pile, I could do that again. Nahhh, the family has what they need right now, and the presentation needs to stay focused.
And even if it had filled the frame, it could never be the same. That hornet is burned in my memory more surely and with more reality than any digital image. For a good few minutes I watched it hover in and out of the entrance, moving forward and back, never changing its orientation, droning and buzzing like - well, a hornet.
This is going to sound very unlike me, but I'm so disappointed in the garden right now. Very little joy has come this year from this garden and right now I just want it to be done. I am having very little go right in the garden this year and it's just not enjoyable. First my organic heirloom seeds that I purchased and spent a pretty penny on were a huge flop. I wrote the company about it and they seemed surprised. They said their seeds always receive rave reviews. Oh ok, well, I'm not happy. They offered around a 50% refund but I declined. I just didn't even want to deal with it. So I ended up finding organic seeds at our local farm/feed store. Could have saved myself a LOT of trouble if I would have tried there in the first place. Those seeds didn't even do all that well, but ah, whatever, right?
Saameira: Oh all right.
Tortilla Chips:
Here are some quotes that I think exemplify the role of a mother:
As you can see I went snowboarding last weekend which was pretty amazing, Colorado is such a beautiful place!
But with Baker peacefully napping, Gray wrapped up in his blanket reading, and Max lying quietly on the couch watching a movie, I think I can at least sneak in this one thing I'd hoped to do today--update my acquisitions and blame. All but the bottom book in this stack were bought in one evening (nearly two weeks ago) in the used section of B&N.
Also I missed a call this morning to meet with someone about advertising, but now I feel it’s so late that I might as well call tomorrow and setup something because I’m just too tired to actually talk on the phone. Email is so much easier on me.
So on a balmy Sunday evening, we headed over to EPCOT to watch fireworks, share a funny cake and cuddle. It was shaping up to be a great night. As the fireworks burst overhead, he leaned in… and said…
Last week, a tense naval standoff erupted between Chinese and Philippine ships at the Scarborough Shoal, about 500 kilometers (310 miles) north of the Spratlys.
As you peered at the doomed and haggard faces of your men?
Sherry has lived with her family in a sealed bunker since things went wrong up above. But when they run out of food, Sherry and her dad must venture outside. There they find a world of devastation, desolation...and the Weepers: savage, mutant killers.
I am proud to be from a long line of military men and women. Fletchers have served in every major conflict on which the USA has engaged. I don’t care what you think about the merits of conflict(s), but their sacrifice protected your right to voice your thoughts.
Time and date: 1.00pm, 31/07/2011
Additionally, The Atlantic questions whether subjects used in experimental screening will be able to accurately mimic the cues that real terrorist would have in the field. However, with the wealth of surveillance that we have gathered of terrorists planning or conducting attacks, especially in the last decade in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, as well as with reams of scientific study of the mind and body, we should be able to distinguish the difference between someone about to commit mass murder from someone simply visiting their grandmother in Miami.
At a certain point, I’ve just concluded that– for me personally, it is important for me to go ahead and affirm that– I think same-sex couples should be able to get married. Now– I have to tell you that part of my hesitation on this has also been I didn’t want to nationalize the issue. There’s a tendency when I weigh in to think suddenly it becomes political and it becomes polarized.
FH: I dislike snails intensely, they eat my plants and so I obliterate them from my patch, either by throwing them onto someone else’s garden or 'doing' for them with various preparations.
You make
And after food is hungrier than before.
A Birthday card for our Godson. I'm sure he'll love it,he's just like his uncle,loves cars and toys. He'll be 10 already,time flies by doesn't it.
Did this person ever wonder why large companies and corporations hire entire teams of intellectual property lawyers to defend against copyright theft?
somewhere else at a cheaper rate.
I was mourning the end of summer, but now I'm welcoming fall. Tea, books, flannel things. It's cozy.
FINDING AGNETHA was recently published (November 2011) and is available in paperback English and Swedish, as well as e-book through Kindle and Nook. For your copy, go to www.amazon.com www.barnesandnoble.com for either paperback or e-book versions. See a short video interview about this book at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdoBEQdRtA4
As the two of them looked up at her, the kitchen suddenly got quiet. All eyes were on Abby, all conversations suspended.
The Durban Organised Crime Unit had found that a man and two women had been taking out funeral and insurance policies for people and then finding homeless people or prostitutes to kill so they could produce a death certificate and make the claims.
We also glory in our sufferings, because we know that suffering produces perseverance; perseverance, character; and character, hope. (Romans 5:3-4 NIV)
The pie I'm offering today is a combination of OLD and NEW.
Luke is being all kinds of mean on twitter. I think that Amy may destroy him at some point. Sometimes, I worry about Luke. And then sometimes I just don’t care.
I grew up where my mum used to cook stews and braising meat. So I can't run away from having these sumptuous and delicious dishes.
These are realms which the now stultified and immobile yang does not understand. She is the wave form of light; she is “the tiger” of which Einstein knew he’d grasped the tail, but understood he would never comprehend the whole of. The science of his mind was inspired by the wisdom of that intangible feminine element. The now overly structured world which we inhabit despises the improvisational, unpredictable, serendipitous realm of the feminine, much to the detriment of our potential for integrated, human brilliance. And a great deal of effort has been expended in order to destroy, demean and control that elemental. It is important to remember, however, in freeing ourselves from the prisons so precisely built and mortared by limited hands, that, just because you do not understand something does not mean it is pathological. Unable to see into the dark, that is exactly what the male brain has attempted to do with the right side of their brains, so well-embodied by the female. The stones and walls that have been built are, in fact, a direct reflection of the inabilities and limiting fears of the minds that built them.
Hello, it’s the unicorn again! I apologise for my long absence from my own blog, but slave driver Katherine Roberts has had me chained to her desk finishing Book 2 of the Pendragon Legacy for delivery to her editor, who will be the first person in the entire world to read it apart from me. Meanwhile Mati the Tygrine cat has been here holding the enchanted mists open for me, and he’s told me you are all wondering what I’ve been up to...
No time for thinking. (Besides, you have nothing to think about, you have already answered at all.)
Go ahead and take my 30 day no Weigh challenge, but you have to eat well, and exercise at least a little. Day 1 turns into day 1000 and trust me day 1000 is better when your fit.
Lvl 3 - stunned, you loose your next action
Thank you for your wishes and thoughts. I have received many cards and am still sending and writing mine, so if you get a christmas card in July don't be surprised.
Well, the result was
Kakumiro Health Centre used to have a double cabin as the official ambulance but it has since broken down and sits rotting right in front of the facility. So emergency cases are either whisked onto the backs of trucks or hire cars at exorbitant fees of up to $150, not affordable by the poor locals.
The problem, especially with this book is that the errors made by many of the philosophers in the modern age are very technical and more often in the metaphysical or epistemological area. Don’t yawn. The reason why this is important is that those little technical errors compound into massive cracks in ethical thought and politics and in turn have a disastrous effect on our lives. And because of this it is important to understand the mistake, what the correct opinion is and why.
Most weeks, Sunday is soccer day for me. I get up early, throw on my gear and head out to get down and dirty with my bad self. (Your mind better not be in the gutter now. :P) This usually leaves me an unshowered, stinking mess for the majority of the day until I get home in the afternoon to shower. This past Sunday was a chilly one, so I ended up getting into my snuggly PJs early -- which means I wore this outfit for a whopping 3 hours. I'm not even sure I left the house. Unless you count walking out to the balcony to take pictures. I know, iffy at best.
"Wh-what are you?" mocked the doll. "Isn't that kind of obvious? I'm a laughing, crying, moving, living doll. I can do everything you do... well, most of it anyway. I don't, for example, use the bathroom. Thank goodness." He tittered.
StudentAdvisor.com compared more than 6,000 federally recognized colleges and universities and post-secondary schools across the country in terms of their mastery of public social media methods, tools and websites.
She finds herself inside a fireplace! Yes, correct! Inside those huge open fireplaces built as a cooking place, a heating place, a family storytelling place, the central heating of the house. The fire is hot; the massive chimney elevates reaching the top floor providing heating into the master bedroom and liberates itself all through the roof into the dark, starless cold night.
Mack the dog is now back to his normal scatty self and i`ve also started, again! on the new allotment, so i`ve been pretty busy with clearing the weeds, digging over and sowing some seeds etc.
* 1 cup store-bought apple butter
And, as my luck would have it, just as I'm feeling better I'm starting to come down with a head cold. Apparently one can sneeze while asleep. Who knew?
As the cold air played over my wet skin, I came to the awful realization that I was standing in front of a complete stranger........
Fillmore Auditorium, San Francisco, CA - January 8, 1966
It's embarrassing
What can you do to create? What can you create?
I was kind of surprised to find that this record hadn't been blogged before (at least that I could find). It's bad enough that it hasn't been reissued on CD. So even though I have some of my own records to get ready for posting I thought I'd take a few minutes to put this one up for you. As suggested, it's not my recording, but was done by FolkPhile (from vinyl) some time ago. FolkPhile is a great collector and poster who has been around in file sharing circles for a long time, posting in newsgroups and sharing in other places as well. So thanks to her (?) for this one.
Now it's in a keg. Warm and flat, it has a nice malty character, good flavor. It's a bit boozy though, you can tell it's got a bit of alcohol in it. Off to the fridge to see how the taste changes when it gets cold and carbonated.
I am also “stickying” this post for its duration, so it is easy to find.
I read because the words that build the story become mine, to build my life;
“Initially, I was very hostile to the iPhone, so I really have come full circle. My Nokia 6620 that I just loved started not working and my husband, a big Mac user, continually wanted to get me to use an iPhone. Well, eventually, when I had to move to a different cell phone, he did convince me to use the iPhone.
Here’s the recipe:
Designed to provide informative, provocative conversation and hands-on tutorials, the GC Sessions serve as an incubator for musicians, providing them an opportunity to network with their peers in an intimate setting and gain career-fostering advice from their heroes. Topics for this evening’s event with Slash include guitar techniques and his Gibson signature guitars, songwriting tips, touring and music business advice, and insider insight into the book Reckless Road. The evening will be powered by Gibson, Ernie Ball and Real Deal Media.
From a vegetarian potluck
I just discovered the Clorox Clean-Up Recipes for Fun Site. Whether you are looking for Wacky Science, Arts and Crafts, Kiddie Cooking, or Creative Cooking ideas this site has what you are looking for. They have several examples of activities in each category. I just browsed through and there are a ton of great ideas for us to try. I know that we will enjoy them all. I love when I find a new site full of fun activities for us to do that we can also learn from and work together as a family on.
While having lunch with my BFF—the absolute smartest person I know, besides me* (obviously), I enjoyed two epiphanies. Actually, I didn't enjoy them so much as I was unhinged by them. And since BFF also serves as my personal GPS (Global Perspective Sister), her trademark poignant line of questioning assured that I would locate my epiphanies somewhere over Pollo Enchiladas and Fish Tacos. When last we found me there, I was crying into a bottle of cerveza and pondering the mating habits of sand crabs, where I left my cover-up, and why zinc oxide can't just be clear.
The theme of connection is powerful. As Nora drives around the largest lake in the world, the readers makes connections to the three women and their influence on each other. The past and present converge in The Long-Shining Waters to create a timeless, meaningful piece of literature.
He is making me crazy! I can’t eat! I can’t drink! I can’t sleep! All I do is eat sleeping pills and drink red wine and fall asleep and have nightmares that he’s chasing me, but his eyes are big cartoon hearts like Wile E. Coyote’s! I can’t seem to run fast enough, it’s like I’m under water, and every time I look back he keeps getting closer, until he’s right behind me, whispering weird things to me like: “You make the best pancakes in the world,” and “I adore the way you can finish the New York Times crossword in one sitting.” It is terrifying- and I’m sure I don’t have to tell you his accent only makes it worse.
It was little more than a week ago when my excellent companion, Argus, and I were to attend a most exquisite banquet that Sestillius had planned to put on, courtesy of his slaves of course; in celebration of his having another estate added to his collection.
The image above was taken on my very first morning in Nebraska. It was nine years ago and I was being interviewed for the teaching position I am now leaving behind. I remember being amazed at how long the sunrise lasted—I was used to Houston where, by virtue of being nearer the equator, dawn becomes day more quickly than it does here. (If that seems strange, think for a moment of Alaska, where the sun can hover on the horizon for a large part of the day. It’s all about latitude.)
As mentioned, I have already watched the show back, and unfortunately neither of us can really been seen in the audience. Would I go again? Not sure. I would only consider it as long as it wasn’t raining, as waiting in the cold windy rain was not fun. Not at all.
03 Pigs (Three Different Ones)
A.k.a. Office of Naval Intelligence, which has more black ops than any other alphabet company.
here it is when I was done:
It almost seems like the will of the All-Powerful Master, by which living beings sometimes want to kill each other but at other times want to protect each other. Like with the fish in the water, the bigger one swallows the smaller. O King, The weak are eaten by the strong, and the strong are eaten by the strongest. O powerful one, thus the strongest Yadus killed the more common ones. So the Yadus themselves removed themselves from the face of the earth.
T - Toshiba Satellite L755. It's what my new laptop is called.
The other new concoction, just in time for Valentine's Day is JazzBerry Champagne. This one is a white tea blended with just a touch of black tea for jazzed-up raspberry flavor. Along side, you'll find the taste of juicy champagne grape. I love the white teas for their delicacy and great punch of health benefits, and I'm especially liking the addition of just the right touch of flavor, making sure to not overwhelm the delicate tea. What a great way to celebrate Valentine's Day!
Along comes Key to the City. Bringing together public art, shared space, and secrets and intrigue, getting one of these 25,000 suckers allows you into all sorts of hidden corridors, chambers, gardens and boxes from the bronx to staten island. Better yet, it's all free. Plus, I've got two keys...
This is the wrong approach to a dual problem: We have many foreclosed homes in New Jersey and we also have many people that for one reason or another can not afford a home. More foreclosed homes are coming down the pipe because the judicial moratorium on foreclosures has been lifted. As more homes are foreclosed, more people will become homeless.
The capital of the United Kingdom has already announced itself ready to host the world’s biggest show of sports, more than three months before the flame will be lit on July 27.
Get the full background on the Austin City Council Open Government Scandal when the Jennifer Peebles at the Texas Watchdog interviews Ken Martin at the Austin Bulldog in a TW podcast. That's a lot of dog on dog action. Interesting stuff; Martin dishes a lot of juicy details about who concealed what and how the story was broken. They've stopped the illegal meetings, says Martin, but the City is still concealing emails where City Councilmembers performed city business on their personal email accounts, a clear violation of years of precedent from the Texas Attorney General. Which is probably why, also in violation of the law, the City of Austin did not request an opinion from the Attorney General. They just said "no," like Melville's Bartleby the Scrivener declaring, "I would prefer not to." With no other recourse, Martin has been forced into court for the documents. Honestly, County Attorney David Escamilla is the only one who can crack this nut by bringing charges against those politicians who by all appearances conspired to violate the open records and open meetings acts.
Dr. Jawad then said he was off to the US Embassy Islamabad for a private screening of “Saving Face“, the film about his lady patient whom he had left in the recovery room.
A standard .308 Winchester cartridge loaded with a 150 grain bullet (manufactured by PMP – Piet Maak Patrone) has a muzzle velocity of anything between 750 and 852 meters per second, depending on the amount of gunpowder loaded in the cartridge and also the barrel length of the rifle. At 200 meters the velocity would have dropped to anything between the region of 600 - 700 m/s. The striking energy required to produce a casualty, according to Military Handbooks, is 78.6 Joules (58 ft lbs). Let’s presume the bullet in this case was travelling at 670 m/s the moment before impacting with the first buck. The energy carried by the bullet at that point in time would have been roughly 2188 Joules. If we presume that half the energy was used after impact with the first buck then we’re looking at a remaining energy of 1094 Joules, --- enough to cause a second casualty. If another half of that energy was used up after the second impact, it would leave us with 547 Joules (404 ft lbs) of energy, --- more than enough to cause a third casualty! So from a ballistic-scientific point of view the story appears to be true!
However, thanks to the awesome German Mercedes Benz engineers and makers of my car, all my body parts remained together and still functioned as a unit.
If you live in another state and participate in a similar state or federal ranger-sponsored program, please share details in the comments.
Any alcohol-type marker will work and the affect is really pretty.
Anyways I found a few different versions of copic storage on there and modified one for me (since I did not feel like drilling through my artbin). Nonetheless I love it and I love having all of my copics in order and no more searching through to find the one that I am looking for.
Moneyball
2 generous tablespoons tahini (sesame seed paste)
Draw (and color) the ingredients into each box of Pizza Topping key then carefully glue Pizza Topping key onto the side of the paper. Glue "My Perfect Pizza" title to the top of the paper. Alternative: If you do not download the Pizza Topping key and My Perfect Pizza title, students can hand draw a key and title like the one in my example.
A cable titled ” Potrait of a Lady” (wikileaks) Referring to her “eccentric paranoia,” the cable said, “According to Lucknow journalists, she employs nine cooks (two to cook, the others to watch over them) and two food tasters. She fears assassination and demanded from the central government the highest level of protection available. In addition to this outsized security apparatus, she constructed a private road from her residence to her office, which is cleaned immediately after her multiple vehicle convoy reaches its destination.”
Continuum is (currently) a 10 episode series which begins Sunday, May 27 at 9pm on Showcase.
9 Land of Hope and Dreams (with Tom Morello)
I have wanted to start a group for a long time now, that combines STJ artists and STJ fans who also like to share in creativity and the process..whatever that may be for you (sketching, painting, scrap booking, poetry, etc...).
The term gulab jamun comes from Persian, gulab, "rosewater" referring to the rosewater-scented syrup, and Jamun, from the urdu & Hindustani language), a South Asian fruit with a similar size and shape.
So here's the deal, folks. I'm going to be on the road for the next few weeks, and my posting during this time will be erratic at best. Which is a problem since this space often goes into mind-numbing detail on the various elections. So I'm telling you right at the outset, that you're not going to see a lot of that this time around.
In the past, a writer was at war with indifference: the indifference of agents and of editors who were inundated with submissions and queries. Those days are gone for those who choose to indie publish. It's no longer about them. It's about getting noticed by readers. And readers, my friends, are not indifferent. On the contrary, they are excited and hopeful. 'Tell me a story,' they say. 'Tell me a good story. A story that will make me forget for a while my jerk boss or the bill for my kid's braces or the fact that I've got an exam coming up that I am woefully unprepared for.' God bless the readers; they're you and me, and they want you to be good. They are looking for you, for what you create, and if they find you and like what you have to say, they'll come back for more. You disappoint them at your own peril.
Residents have already lived with one landfill site nearby. Chatsworth Blue Haze Landfill Site, managed by Veolia is on the other side of the forest, directly opposite the proposals. Mrs Sumner said: “On the whole this site has been well managed and it is very well screened from the road. But the forest is less dense on the other side so we worry Purple Haze will be visible and it’s boundaries are significantly closer to residential properties.”
There are other pressures on affordable housing finance. The Real Deal reported that there’s a lowered market for Low Income Housing Tax Credits (LIHTC), a fallout from the mortgage crisis. The New York Observer reported that HPD has been lowering its estimates of new affordable housing construction, from 11,587 to 8,568 in the current fiscal year from 11,587 to 8,568, with 7,947 for the next fiscal year, beginning in July.
Golly, that was a lot of pictures. This is the longest post I've ever done! Here's a couple of bonus pictures.
Part of the difficulty with Obama’s speech is he, and his team of assistants, is careful to not be caught in an obvious lie. However Obama is an expert at bending the truth and spinning facts in such a way as to achieve his purpose. We live in an age where propaganda is so pervasive it is hardly recognized, and the sheeple often swallow whatever line they are fed. So I will go through his speech point by point.
Our next challenge is Monday so be sure to check back here. We have an added incentive to the prize package..... Not telling yet. Check back on Monday and you will see...
The Han expanded the empire, with Chang'an (today's Xi'an) as their capital. Trade flourished, and the city became the eastern terminus of the Silk Road, which reached all the way to the borders of the Roman Empire. Taoism flourished and, under the Emperor Wudi, Confucian principles were made the foundation of Chinese society. Chang'an was the center of the Chinese world at a time when only the Rome rivaled it in power, sophistication and glory. Today's dominant Chinese ethnicity, the Han, take their name from this dynasty.
Through Latin, Swing and Ballroom,
Clouzot fills the frame with moody imagery. There is the titular raven, of course, but the film also has a predominance of darkness in the lengthening shadows and the many characters who wear black dress. The contrast between light and dark/good and evil typically reflecting this post-Expressionist pre-film noir symbolism is best exemplified by the verbal face off between the sarcastic and seemingly omnipresent psychiatrist Vorzet and the frustrated and angry Germain while a lamp swings on a pendulum between ‘em. Clouzot’s influence in moments like this was obviously great. Not only did Hitchcock admire him, but the great Orson Welles used similar tactics in Touch of Evil, a full 15 years later.
As I write, it is 10 at night. I stopped in Jerseyville on my way home from work to pick up a few hundred pounds of ingredients we use to grind chicken feed. As soon as I got home I unloaded the van and we all piled in to head to church. Once home, I closed up the layers, checked on the chicks and poults in the brooder, moved a fence to surround the outdoor brooder (first use this season) and ground 500 pounds of feed. I’m eating supper as I write this. There are dishes to wash, laundry to put away, books I have put off and a blog I have neglected.
I’m not sure I would have been motivated on that one without my buddy and route crafter MC.
So there you have it, where I've been. I'll be back next week with my usual posting schedule, but until then: have a wonderful weekend! I'm off to hunt down antique treasures today with Naomi of Design Manifest fame, so wish us luck!
- Seek and contact bands, festivals, corporations, record labels, events, businesses to advertise with us.
Beunka Adams has repeatedly expressed his deepest regrets for taking part in the robbery. Mr. Adams is the father of three children and a healthy young man that can be a great asset to society in the future.
Colonel Abrahams ~ Trapped ~ MCA ~ 1985
“For in the end, it is all about memory, its sources and its magnitude, and, of course, its consequences.” ~ Elie Wiesel
I smell: nothing because of a blocked nose
I also struggle with the app crashing and living in an Internet black hole means I have to wait until I get better signal to pin so I forget, get frustrated or give up!
If you're not getting an acknowledgement for your queryshark email, and you're using aol, dollars to donuts, that's the reason.
There stories take place during a long heatwave where terrorist acts regularly take place.
When the bus left me somewhere near the center of Catania, my first sight were the old, almost destroyed buildings, polluted air and dirty streets; it was difficult not to make the comparison with Latin America. Of course few minutes after walking around I was already overwhelmed by the countless beautiful spots of the city. It was clear to me that Catania had thousand ways to surprise you. It wasn't only the breathtaking monuments, but the way these merged with the people and the atmosphere of the city which is full of life. Later in the afternoon having some beers with a friend in a beautiful small square at Cona, we were observing the traffic on the streets. Cars and scooters moving constantly as living organism, never stopping, just filling the empty spaces, mixed with pedestrians, parked cars and an endless list of other obstacles that can be found on the street. Suddenly I made the very cliche comment: 'Oh man they really drive like crazy here' and he made the discussion again interesting with this very clever answer: 'You have to feel the rhythm of the traffic, otherwise you just go on foot'.
Spring was making itself abundantly present in the wild irises, poppies and general melange of wildflowers visible everywhere I looked. Below me in the center of the river I could see a fly fisherman standing waist deep moving his wrist rhythmically back and forth snaking his line in the water. Butterflies hovered over the blooming bushes and a background buzz of insects swirled around my head like stereophonic sound.
Last week, while driving home from the studio, Carey was hailed to the curb by a suspicious policeman.
Well, almost all the people who buy lotto tickets are in need of money. Socioeconomically speaking, the most economically disadvantaged tend to be the biggest buyers of lottery tickets — this is part of the reason that a lot of people have moral problems with state lottos as they are essentially a tax on the poor. So, everyone who ever buys a ticket is going to be horrified that someone else got the jackpot when they didn’t. People are incredibly self-centered, and so they remember the odd things that happened in which they were the star — which is why this stands out in your memory. In reality, if you ever play the lotto, the odds are pretty good that you won’t win, however someone has to actually win it. So while your odds aren’t that good, your odds of encountering a winner, especially if you play often and spend time with others who do as well, are pretty high.
Except, I'm not the one who did that... unless you think that they chose fortune cookies for his flavour by rolling a D20. e_e
*Clutches head*
In a sense, the movie is Zinnemann's most potent description of a man whose entire life has ended in failure. Manuel Artiguez had this one chance to eliminate a lifelong enemy, and he blew it. He had a grand opportunity to lead his country one step closer towards freedom, and he threw it away. Life as a bandit, it seems, has condemned him to one sorry disappointment after another. Consider that scene between him and Father Francisco, in Artiguez' darkened apartment. The young priest can do nothing more except stare in amazement at this tired, pathetic old man. “Go ahead, priest,” Artiguez raves, “tell me I’m a bandit!” And Father Francisco has a simple, five-word answer for him: “You know what you are.”
Beats Antique, 7 Walkers Gramatik, Paper Diamond, ESKMO
So anyways, have a sonic snippet, courtesy of of SUUM CUIQUE, who is Miles Whittaker half of Demdike Stare. Definitely the sound of nighttime in the city….
I think he’s going out on a limb investing in this new start-up. It’s a bit risky.
Some publishers are on a very predictable schedule of releases, making this blog post fairly easy to compose. For example, the fine folks at Del Rey/Spectra publish quite a few books per month, in mass market paperback, trade paperback and hardcover. Most often, they send their books about a month prior to the actual publication date.
After my snack, I headed out to the excitement of the finish line, after about 20 minutes of standing at the finish watching some very tired people run to the finish line I spotted Kyle, running in to the finish. I yelled very loudly, but I don't think he heard me over the noise of all the cowbells (seriously, there were a LOT of cowbells at this thing).
But then something interesting starts happening.
The confused student asked, "Excuse me, but why are we doing this?"
People get on.
towards barbarism
- He did not threaten to not pay the senators and representatives or any of their staff
You can win the following prizes:
I walk into the small cafe where I see blackboards above covered in multi-coloured chalk listing a variety of options for my hungry eyes. The cafe offers sandwiches and baguettes with fresh fillings as well as home-made dishes such as spaghetti bolognese or lasagne – but as delicious as they look, this is not exactly what I had in mind.
“We did not wish to harm anyone,” says Olein, “but to stop an act that would lead to a false war and a nuclear weapons exchange.”
style.
The Walker Family Band Summer Fiddle Camp was without a doubt the best week my kids had all year. The teachers were fantastic. The other families were welcoming and fun. The other kids were music-obsessed, violin-addicted, foot-stomping fiddle-fanatics. It was amazing.
“But why? I wannnttt to come with you.”
1 cures
They believed that wearing the glasses before and during flights could help the internal human clock adjust more easily to changing time zones. The researchers were looking for a commercial partner to help them further study the glasses and make them widely available.
Goldfrapp – Happiness – The Seventh Tree (2008)
3. It is too non-stick! My dad explained, when I was first going on about how amazing my new pans were, that it’s a naturally non-stick surface. No, it’s not teflon-coated. It’s naturally non-stick. What this means to you is: a non-stick surface that you can use metal utensils on without fear of scraping. If you bust up the surface in any way, you can sand it down again and it’s still going to be non-stick.
PS - Now that the blue toile print has come out, I may need to add a few more items to my list.
It’s finally MAYYYYY!!!
So today is truly day one of Christmas break for me!!
It might've gotten louder as far as I'm concerned. I enjoyed It Might Get Loud but the film doesn't really deliver the goods. Ostensibly a document of a summit meeting of three well respected and highly influential guitar players from three different generations, the meeting happens but the three hardly reach the summit together. There is actually very little footage of the three of them in the same room and even less of them making music together in it. What little music they do make together is fine enough but it's not an especially inspired session.
“TEMPERANCE WORK. A society temperance pledge may be hung upon the wall, with the signatures of all members upon it. Plan for temperance meetings long in advance, and make them as strong as possible. Introduce into every temperance meeting some account of recent temperance victories, and the progress of the movement. Obtain addresses now and then from temperance enthusiasts. Learn what are the temperance laws of your own State and community, and how they are kept. How long since your town held a temperance mass-meeting? Plan one and hold it. Why should not the temperance committee learn, for the information of voters, the position as to temperance of the candidates before the people for election” (Clark, Christian Endeavor, supra, p. 584).
he takes his job as our provider very seriously.
Beyonce's "Girls Run the World." My pump me up/get me through the day song...
2) 'No, I don't want to explain why I am NOT going to shave my legs. I simply cannot be Arsed to get the razor out and de-hair such Man-Hair legs when all I want to do is get into bed and Read My Book.' (We all know that Read My Book means, 'Get-your-hands-off-my-breast/buttock/rude bits-I-am-not-in-the-mood.')
It's a good start: let's hope Cleverly will put aside the politics of confrontation which was the mark of Coleman's tenure at LFEPA, and London will have a fire and emergency authority that is run for the benefit of the city, and not in accordance with a lunatic agenda of obsessive union bashing, and punitive cost cutting, punctuated by the odd luncheon at taxpayers' expense.
The administrators notified the Florida Department of Education, the Orange County School Board and Columbia College where Jackson-Burch had been a student for three years, that she had cheated, and refused to validate her TABE test score for eight months, causing her to miss out on a pre-planned nursing course, according to the lawsuit.
After I realized that this was going to become a habit, I stuck some felt furniture pads on the bottom so it wouldn't scuff the floor as she was dragging it.
The peat burns brimming from their cups of stone
Which leads me to a question–can we even call this a film noir if everyone ends up embodying the same character archetype? Does film noir require variety? It seems the definition has become so loose as the years have gone by, and the only reason Shutter Island gets to be called a film noir is because it has some noir elements. Then again, so do many other films, and they don’t get the noir stamp! I think this is just a psychological thriller, and the most noirish things in the film are Teddy’s fedora hat and trench coat.
she don't mind my hand me down sweaters
dude.
The dark, angst ridden stuff I wrote, back then, oh god, should I be embarrassed…..tonight is my last night in my current house, and so, all the old odds and ends and hidden boxes of souvenirs were finally pulled out from under the bed. And there it was, ‘the memories box’ – all dusty and ragged looking but still able to cast a silent spell of nostalgia over me. I hunched up to the wall and lifted the lid. Ryder Cup passes, Electric Picnic passes (the less sunny Irish attempt at Coachella) and other random cinema tickets, birthday cards and letters to loved ones when I lived in France. And then, there they were – letters and late night poetry to ‘The Boy’.
In the meanwhile I put my plants out on the balcony again while the weather had become warmer. Also our pigeon couple seemed to get more accustomed to our presence and did not take off immediately any more when I openend the door. But they still flew away as soon as I came nearer than about 3 meters. And then one day, when I was watering my plants, I realized that Emma had silently built a “nest” behind a large planting pot with chlorophytum, that I had placed on another very large planting pot, that was filled with earth, just beneath the long leaves that were hanging from the pot. And she had laid 2 eggs. So what to do now?
Being out on the water is where I find comfort, it has always been the place I turn to when I'm feeling low or over the moon happy...it's a part of who I am, and happily it has become a part of Mr. Tide and our children as well.
- No cry sleep solution
I know, it's so sickly sweet, you wanna gag... that's the note FROM my husband (and I LOVE it!)
an-
But many have asked us, "what now?"
Sponge brush
A couple of kilometres further he was forced off the road by 4 traffic police vehicles.
unexplained or excessive weight gain
ALL BUT A MIRAGE
Tor Johnson waddles through many scenes and stands in place in many more as effectively in pre-zombie mode as he does post-zombie. If you consider the only difference in his performance is the addition of white contact lenses and a scar that moves around his face willy-nilly, that makes the argument that wrestlers are only as good as their costuming.
That’s when it happened. 2 hours into the drive I realized I loaded everyone’s bags but my own. My bag with all my clothes, toiletries, and sleeping bag were in the back seat of my car back at the church.
2 years later I still feel raw, burned. I hate the looks of couples at the parks with children when they see my ringless finger and 2 young kids in tow. You know the wife is thinking, “Thank GOD, I’m not her.” I only know that thought because I’ve thought it before. They look at me with these sad eyes and it’s super awkward. Sometimes I just want to snap at the couple “Yea, this sucks so you better quit fighting about his dirty socks not making it to the hamper or you could end up like this!” I watch couples waste their lives as I lay in bed at night and BEG God or whoever to not make me do this alone anymore. Going to the grocery store is like leading an elephant in a china store. Talk about dirty looks! Both of your kids are screaming their heads off because you just picked them up from daycare and they are hungry. You only brought them with because you work all the damn time and there isn’t a morsel left for them to eat at the house. I’ve almost slapped a ho at the grocery store for a dirty look. You rich little bitch, you have NO idea what this is like. So go get in your Audi and try to be grateful for what you have- for it can be gone in a second.
24. I broke my arm once. Well, my friend Angela broke my arm playing soccer. It wasn't any fun!! I am thinking if I would have went to that skating party tonight, I could have broken it again. Man it's been a long time!
Christian Endeavor, “Cures,” and Early A.A.
Ah, Ok I know this entry has been sooo super sad and depressing so I'm sorry if you are in a puddle of snot and tears. To end on a high note I have officially lost 20 lbs. Yes I said it 20 lbs....and I'm still going. I would like to lose (ideally) another 20, but I'll be happy with another 15. I just can't wait to fit into my old clothes and for Cancun...T minus 26 days and counting!!....I am going to drink a margarita the size of my head....Ole!
But this morning, I slept late. I had stayed up with SH to finish the taxes. Yes, this post is coming to you several days after I am writing it. This is how taxes worked when I was unmarried.
But five years on, it’s yielding unexpected benefits. Nevermind that that $240 million investment will be worth $1.6 billion if Facebook goes public at a $100 billion valuation. This alliance goes deeper. Microsoft can lend Facebook a presence in search that it lacks now, and enhance its presence to online advertising. And not just that. After Yahoo moved to sue Facebook for patent infringement, Facebook paid Microsoft $550 million for patents it recently bought from AOL. This is a keiretsu in action.
I look at the other ornaments on the tree. Many were purchased—one for each boy—when we attended conferences around Europe, and that makes me smile too. Getting to travel on a missionary’s budget to exotic places! There are the waxed red bear and red baby carriage from Wales, the brightly painted clay sun and moon from Portugal, the blue and white porcelain windmill and wooden shoes from Holland, the hand-blown glass Snoopys sitting on gondolas from Venice, and the delicately decorated eggs from Prague.
Spent a little more time at this than usual because I love the subject so much and wanted to get it just right. Is there anything better in the world than an avocado half, a spoon and a salt shaker? No there isn't.
The B.C. Real Estate Association says it just might be, pointing to a large drop in carrying costs for an investment property today compared to a year ago.
Please make sure your Mac or PC is equipped with a microphone and speakers, so that you can use the audio functionality built into the web conferencing software.
It wasn’t easyJet that opened up the skies of Europe – it was British Midland. Under Michael Bishop (now Lord Glendonbrook), the airline demanded the right to compete against the established “flag carriers” in the 1980s – first of all taking on British Airways from Heathrow to Belfast, Edinburgh and Glasgow, then expanding into Europe. It helped break the cartel that kept fares prohibitively high.
We welcome your comments by clicking the comment link below.
Congratulations to the winners and thank you to the wonderful sponsors!
My coming to writing, as Cixous writes, was when my mother got sick and went mad and then died. I learned how to speak again, I learned how to read again, the words danced on the page for me in my dead mouth, and I wrote. Trauma. Repetition. Fort. Da. I wrote myself into a new birth. I drew myself a new body. I wrote because I felt compelled to pay witness. This is when I wrote and wrote and wrote. When my other self died. I wrote to pummel myself against death, like Cixous writes. I wrote because I refused to be silent, I refused to fade, I refused to die. I needed to write to her Face, I needed to remember her Face. The Faces that hang on poster boards at funeral homes smiling and forgiving, the Faces in banal vacation snapshots, the Faces clipped from a convenient past.
For it matters not, how much we own,
I looked at my watch. DAMN! (sometimes I HATE being a grown up!) I had to leave in 10 minutes to go to work. But I really didn't want to pass up this opportunity. I decided to call my boss. I usually start work at 2 but kids don't arrive until 2:30 so I could technically let my staff set up and show up just in time to receive kids and no harm would be done. My boss was really kind about it. She allowed me to stay. It wasn't much time, but it was better than none!
I don’t fully understand the reason why my attempt at adding a “TM” character resulted in char id of 8482 but I’m guessing Bitmap fonts via UIToolkit work with ASCII characters, hence the 0 – 255 range, while my computer used Unicode (which goes well beyond 0-255) when I typed “TM” into Hiero’s “Sample text” text box.
I’ve actually worn the same clothes – and shoes – for the last three meetings, just so there’s no difference in terms of my weight. I’ll probably keep doing that, till someone in the class asks me if those are the only clothes I own, or until the pants are so big they fall off me. (Wishful thinking!!)
Rinse the tomatoes and pour them onto a baking sheet.
Devour.
"Look," he demanded. I looked. There were hash marks on the door frame. "I've delivered all these letters and you haven't paid."
Self-Portrait on the Rocks, Levanzo, Sicily, 1999
STOP PRESS! Polar Bear is eating carrots!
On the other hand, I’ve gotten a niece and have had such a tremendous wealth of love and support to get me through the horrible times. My life is so tremendously blessed. I shouldn’t have to compare my life to what’s happening abroad to gain perspective, but sometimes I do. I have more than enough food, more than enough first-world creature comforts, and a government that (while I may not always agree with them) won’t massacre my loved ones just because I disagree.
The ornate book plate is a Tim Holtz and the flowers were cut from colour core card with the PaperArtsy grunge flowers #2 and #3. One of the flowers was covered in music tissue tape. The pin was from Creative expressions and the centre of the flowers had ranger broken china stickles and a pearl sticky. The final flower was made by winding round some cotton lace/ braid and sewing a couple of stitches across the bottom. I think the "life is beautiful" stamp is from Stampin up.
But there’s hope! Your spouse doesn’t have to deposit into your love bank for you to be able to love them with your whole heart. Pastor Kevin D. Young speaks of “Spirit-Powered, Gospel-Driven, Faith-Fueled Effort.” And I can’t think of a place where it is more necessary than in marriage.
In the Tamil world of southern India in ancient times one has the mythological image of the kalavelvi, where the pey, or evil spirits, dance on the battleground and make ponkal (gruel) from the gore of the fallen.[ix] Ponkal, significantly, is central to most Hindu festivals in the south and denotes regeneration, renewal and creativity.[x]
On the other side of the coin is Atheism. I like to think that I’m a pretty rational person. I believe in science and I’ve heard many good cases against the existence of a God as well. Science is wonderful and it’s useful. It’s important to understanding ourselves and the world around us. There is so much beauty in the understanding and complexities in our world that it is almost religious in it’s extreme awe and wonder. I am positively astounded by the facts as giant as space down to something as incredible as the atom. And how they all come together to create this existence we call life. I can fully understand why people believe that there is no god and how we are nothing but a part of this swirling blue ball because of almost being ‘in the right place at the right time’.
I am torn between so many things I try to avoid thinking about them to avoid going nuts. But it’s just making everything worse because deep down I have this deep anxiety that stems from a voice saying, “You need to make a choice and you better do it quick“. It’s true really, even though I would kill whoever that punctiliously right voice belongs to (that’s right. Suicide. Pfft).
His face broke the surface, and Jonathan sucked in a deep breath. He shivered and wrapped his arms around his torso, kicking as fast as his tired limbs could to stay afloat. Where were his clothes? Oh yeah. They were ripped to pieces when he morphed into that giant bird. And now
1 ½ finely chopped watercress (I didn’t have any)
Proud sentinels of the past, embellished with silver and gold;
Roland wrote:
Anyone else wired the same way?
"And with victory, as it had always come to Americans after a war, came the determination to force their will on the enemy, to punish them for the crime of aggression, for starting the war. If the fighting, with its resultant death and destruction, its loss of American lives, resulted only in the return of the status quo, then almost all Americans would feel cheated."
Fast forward, Spring 2010: Daisy came to Florida on business and we met for a drink and a talk; just a few hours to share between flights, but so much to say, to cover and no longer the talk of children or teenages beseet by angst or the serious intellectual talk of students. Now the hearts we opened to each other were those of grownups. Professional lives, aging parents - Rodney's father, her mother, and our common aunts and uncles, kids growing up - my near-grown sons, her growing nephews- her music, mine, our common friends and then at last: Lily. Daisy, whose empathetic nature always brought an open, affectionate expression; whose clear-headed professionalism would bring the same openness lit with bright intelligence, always warm but seldom sentimental or even demonstrative, suddenly looked up with eyes brimming and a tight expression as she struggled for control. "My dear friend," she said, her voice full as she spoke of Lily; her dear friend. Lily died. September 21, 2009. "Time," Daisy said, with quiet finality. "Time is all that really matters."
A parent with her well-groomed/dressed children
‘Make sure you wear clean underwear, in case you’re in an accident.’
The watercolour illustrations by Gaby Hansen are just beautiful. This book would make a great gift for a pre-schooler; my littles really enjoyed this book, and I'm sure it will become a favourite read aloud.
I need to post about what's happened recently but I'll do that later. Right now, I want to talk about an entry in the Houston Post about the closing of a local lesbian bar. This isn't news-bars open and close all the time (more close than open in this economy, though). But one of the comments got me thinking:
Miranda is currently writing her third novel, It Started With a Kiss (published 10th November this year) and is vlogging all year about the writing and publishing process of this novel on her blog.
TCI: How’s that coming along?
Does it look like you imagined?
Here's the original picture:
My personal opinion is that I feel that it is just another day for younger ones to get sh**faced in the middle of the day in a public place. O don’t judge that, but I don’t understand it either. I’ve been there 3 years in a row. Always with different people. And yet I still haven’t found anything I enjoy about the park takeover. So, that is a bit on how I feel about 1st of May in Fælledparken…
Anderson Valley Boont Amber; Boonville, California, Amber Ale, 5.8% abv
In the case of MAS and AirAsia, it need not be at the expense of each other or encroaching on each other s brand identity.
My Husband: Really? I thought we didn't have a name picked out it if had been a boy.
“I tore it October 1 playing against Florida in the third or fourth quarter,” said Chapman. “I was told that I could have surgery or keep on playing the season. I still had stability left in my knee and I wanted to win a championship. Pain is one of those temporary things. A lot of people have pain in the game of football, but I just had to do what I had to do.”
He stepped inside into the shimmering fluorescent light and Bing got clearer and much louder. The mixture of heat and the smell of the place hit him just as hard as the cold had. At least three separate television shows were blaring against the music making a mash-up of disjointed noise. As he was taking off his jacket he looked over at a woman in a wheelchair propped up against the wall. Her ventilator making its whooshing sound as it mechanically kept her alive. Her head was back and her eyes were wide, staring up to the lights. Her mouth was open and a dried up tongue vibrated with each breath. She didn?t look at him, and for that he was thankful. He started on his way to the main desk when he almost ran into by an old man when turning the corner.
Even a 25 cent notebook can carry a testimony of God's work in your life.
“@SkyNewsBreak: News Corp: We have already confronted and have acted on the failings documented in the report.”
Personally, and you may be shocked to hear this, I was an early swearer. In much the same way as I do not remember not breathing or not reading, I do not remember a time when, having been once again fucked over by the world, I did not feel the need to turn the air blue. Where I learned all these wonderful words remains something of a mystery to. There was no profanity on telly when I was eight, not like today with your frackin' this and your frackin' that, and my raising grandmother's most filthy phrase was "Jesus, Mary and Joseph". Nobody at school spoke to me so it seems unlikely that I picked it up there. In truth, I believe I was born with a motherfucker already blossoming upon my lips.
1 ignoble
Pidgeot is the original normal bird Pokemon. Its species is just the Bird Pokemon. It’s actually quite huge, being almost 5 feet tall. I like its long head feathers.
There are theories on all of her people that blog on her site being one person (her) to start more drama and such. I’m not sure if this is true and I’ve spoken to her about it. She said no and swore up and down that the idea is mental. But I simply can’t seem to shake that idea from my head. So for her to go around being so mean and calling innocent people psychos? I think she needs to redirect the word.
Finally the most difficult aspect of the building’s history is its category A listing. This means that the building cannot be demolished and any redevelopment must be done to the original architectural plans. Therefore for regeneration any bidders on the site would have to work around the original design. When built for such as a specific purpose how can the space can be utilised if the interior layout cannot be changed?
This was not the scariest of all my reads. At points it freaked me out a little…like the final ghost or when Anna scares up all of her previous kills to drive Cas away. There were times where I could just picture the image of this terrifying being *shiver*. But Cas is so calm and collected about it all. Constantly reassuring the reader that it’s all under control. So this book never really built up the suspense to become truly terrifying. Not that the book needed that extra element. Nope. This read is all about Cas facing his fears…like making friends, falling in love, and taking down the demons of his past. The way the plot flowed offered up surprises. Super surprises. Like Holy killing Batman! Someone dies in the beginning of this. Did not see that coming. Honestly read it and thought I was going to wake up from a dream of some kind.
I could barely absorb a single room. I had my tiny camera in my pocket but my photography skills were no match for the interiors.
We do so in faith, hope and love through Jesus, knowing that a better day is coming. But intent now in learning to live well in God’s will for us in Jesus, together for the world.
However the color scheme is decided and in progress. We did some small repairs today, some fiberglass patches, and cleaning. Hopefully if the weather agrees we'll get the colors on this week. Yes, colors as in multiple. From the boy who requested a rainbow room, did you really think a plain white boat would do? No sir. Zachie's boat is painted... well... you'll see.
Winston is freaking out, questioning whether or not it was the right thing to come to them. After calming him down a plan is hatched to force the boss, Big Ed, into backing off. They meet with everyone’s favorite money launderer, Barry to help make it look like Winston was involved with gang financially. If anything happens to him the feds could easily use the financial records to bring down every chapter of the Breakers. Making this threat face to face doesn’t come easy.
But Lord…You chose me. You made me holy. I did not…could not…would never, ever deserve what You have done, by rescuing me! I am alive simply and only because You made me alive.
Many Thanks to all who visited during the Glitter Queens October hop! I had a wonderful time sharing my projects and I hope I inspired you to get crafty.
BTW--because of a little spam/troll issue, I do moderate comments. Don't panic if it doesn't appear immediately, I will check frequently and authorize all entries for the gift certificates. ALSO--If you choose to comment anonymously (and not register with Blogger), please be sure to include your first name or nickname in the comment so that I can identify when you win. Thanks!
“Did you know that your Aunt Elizabeth was an Old Maid?” I just looked at her. I really didn’t understand what was going on. I mean, I was playing a freaking card game. I was a kid. I never gave it a thought back in circa 1964 that the card with a sweet old lady was my Aunt Elizabeth.
Unrelated to the celebration, there’s a new decoration item available from the Limlight Gorge Rewards Vendor and I’ve added it to my Housing decorations from Stangard article.
Here’s another thought related to the subject of immigration. Back in 1971, John Lennon recorded a song called “Imagine”, in which he imagined the world would be a better place without God, country and private property. Ironically, the song helped him continue to amass a personal fortune, which he never was willing to part with, but I’ll ignore that for now. The song “Imagine” is still what animates the left today. Hillary Clinton recently condemned President Bush’s “ownership society”, prefering instead a society where all wealth is redistributed by the government.
"Today much is being said about Black education under Apartheid, but the truth is that in 1987 at the height of Apartheid, six million black children were at school, a new record for South Africa at the time. In the previous year 1800 classrooms for secondary education were built by whites, with white money for blacks. About 130 new schools were built. If one considers the schools burnt down by blacks at the same time the education standards of blacks could have been even higher.
I just checked in with Krog and Draz’Zilb at Brackenwall Village, and things seem to be lining up on a couple fronts. For one, everything we learned from Skarr seems to check out. Draz’Zilb seems pretty knowledgeable on this kind of creepy black magic type stuff, and according to him it would make sense that C’thun’s chamber in Ahn’Qiraj would be an ideal place to pull off a resurrection once they have the phylactery. From what he said (if I remember this right – there was a whole lot of hocus-pocus necro-babble), since Cho’gall tried to revive C’thun in that chamber, and actually let himself become an avatar for C’thun at one point, the surrounding area should be attuned to his essence in a way that will help focus the incantation. Apparently that’s the trade-off for this kind of ritual – restoring somebody’s spirit from a non-living vessel doesn’t take a whole lot of magical energy, but it does need something attuned to that particular spirit in order to focus the spell properly, as opposed to living vessels, which I guess actually keep the essence better preserved but require an immense amount of power to unlock. So considering the Twilight ties in Silithus, this lines up pretty ideally for them.
Taking my partner in crime with me tomorrow so we can score some fabo deals hopefully before anyone one else spots them and buys them out from underneath us.
Poopy (which he will now say during diaper changes, ha ha)
Magazines don’t say, 'Gee, there is noting good out there right now, lets just not publish in August.'
I am happy to announce that I'll be teaching at Art and Soul in Portland Oregon this year. I'll be teaching two different classes both of which feature copic markers.
I can't help it, the road just rolls out behind me
That lovely bright green foliage, and fresh fresh fragrance.
6. American Airlines (as well as Air New Zealand and all other airlines listed on FEWW Top 10 Most Dangerous Airlines list.)
It's a good example of how book design can still be beautiful and interesting, even in this age of InDesign, Photoshop, image libraries and all the rest. And the publisher has even seen fit to extend the design across Atkinson's backlist, repackaging the whole line:
THE OLDER WHEELS ROTATED DOWNWARD AND UPWARD (a). . . . THE MOTHER’S SPAWN FILLED THE WHOLE (Kosmos).* THERE WERE BATTLES FOUGHT BETWEEN THE CREATORS AND THE DESTROYERS, AND BATTLES FOUGHT FOR SPACE; THE SEED APPEARING AND REAPPEARING CONTINUOUSLY (b).†
Beyan just starts crazy crying, asking what was wrong with her, thinking about her messed up parents, then swearing like crazy. Fuck. I hated watching it. Not just because she felt bad, but because I knew Ben was watching it. The only thing that cheered me up was Swimsuit Issues making the “oopsies” face when Beyan got cut. It’s in someone’s worst moment that Courtney shines. KILL SHOT.
We call all our Greek readers and followers to embrace it, and we only hope that you enjoy reading it, as much as we enjoyed building it!
Thanks for stopping by....see you tomorrow...
They're all with me, over at the Walmart.
The Christmas Child ... TBN ... 11:30 AM
Mostly about my motivation, or lack of it on occasion.. I want to do the best I can for my horses, and I think they have a pretty good life, but my expectations are high and although I say/think, even, that the horse comes first, and I always try to be fair, that's not always the case, as it is, in fact, about me.
...it’s been...good gawd...over six months since the two hundred hour certification...during which I’ve kinda taught yoga five times...groups of one to three people...only one of whom insisted on drinking a beer while practicing...(as well as assisting with that class of, I’m told, two-hundred and fifty people)....meaning, ya could say, I’ve not been overly ambitious...perhaps lazy....or, maybe, to take a more positive view, simply humble...egoless...just too damned enlightened...
Article by Peter Marsh
They say an image is worth a thousand words:
It's long been known that Forest City Ratner was considering the Brooklyn Navy Yard for a factory to build modules for its prefab plan, but EVP MaryAnne Gilmartin, according to GlobeSt.com, says the Navy Yard is the place.
Honestly, AVATAR isn’t really suggesting that Jake makes a better Na’vi than any Na’vi does at all, but that he holds a uniquely qualified ability to become the specific military leader they need against this specific military threat. The Na’vi need to learn to teach him how to be one of them so he can become that military leader they need. Nearly all of the “Na’vi ways” that he’s taught end up having a specific military benefit: riding Pandoran horses and dinobirds, shooting with a bow and arrow, and connecting with the big, light-up tree all end up playing a vital role in the big battle. I’m not going to claim that the Na’vi god or high priestess intends for Neytiri (Zoe Saldana) to sex him to help turn him against the humans and keep him loyal to the Na’vi, but I’m not saying they’re all that surprised, either.
Dah dah dah, dah dah dah. That sound is as recognizable as any, unless you’ve been living under a rock for 30 years. The sound helps define the iconic brand of ESPN, just like the noise when you open a Windows computer or turn on NBC. “Those Guys Have All the Fun” is the ultimate history of ESPN as a network and as a brand, and the authors, James Andrew Miller and Tom Shales, have left no stone unturned, including an interview with John Colby, the creator of that legendary sound. Colby didn’t know he had created something so timeless until Charley Steiner pulled him aside and said, “Holy shit, man, do you know what’s going on with this dah dah dah thing?” Miller and Shales present this otherwise remarkable birth as just another day in Bristol during the early years of ESPN.
So, the first thing I did out of this last situation was from day one begin saying to myself the that man is out there somewhere and to not give up. Well, that helped me to stay positive through Valentine’s Day and beyond; however, it was that conversation with my coworker that has truly helped me to find that strength that I needed. Almost everyday I actually say to myself that there is more than one man out there that I can fall madly in love with, make the proper compromises, and experiences all that I want in return. I simply say to myself “you are not the only one out there that can love me.”
Today is my dear friend and colleague Anda's Birthday and I prepared a surprise card for her. Unfortunately she won't be receiving it till after I will get back from Denmark, but at least she can see that I didn't forget about her birthday ;) .
I am currently a librarian; I lurked there for so long recommending books to patrons and shushing people, that I suspect they only hired me so it would be less creepy. Now I'm armed with a name tag, and a thin veneer of credibility. I'm also a musician with synesthesia – which keeps things interesting
Pete is on the verge of his daily nervous breakdown when Charlie Novela interrupts his sixth period. Charlie is immediately sharp, sensitive—and gay. All qualities that will make his life difficult if not impossible in a school dominated by a football team that’s led the league in gaybashing for nine straight seasons.
The before photo is on the top and the after is on the bottom.
Esses desenhos sao de uma cena de Robin Hood e como podem ver, Robin foi desenhado bem diferente da versao final. Eles tiveram muita dificuldade em decidir num design para Robin e eu suspeito de esse seja o primeiro design que Milt criou antes de mudarem. Eu gosto do design final mas acho esse mais interessante.
Thanks so much for stopping by once again, girls! Make sure to check out Aileen and Ellen's fabulous wedding blog for more inspiration and, of course, swing by CB next Thursday for another beautiful floral-based board from the girls! See you then!
SINFUL DWARF
That cycle of splurging, being guilt, clinging to austerity and then splurging even more is a punishing one. It ruins everything, because eating yummy desserts feels terrible, not eating anything desirable feels miserable, and splurging again feels like moral failure. Every dieter has done it, and most consumers have too.
Obviously, I never consulted her again.......
I was feeling better, singing along to Adam Levine, and then, the pepper shaker on the elevated breakfast counter fell onto the edge of my mixing bowl as I was cutting the butter into the flour. Before I could react, the cap had flown off and a shower of dark granules had descended on my flour and butter. Holy *^%?$(*&^?!?% !!!. Was there a toyol in the house?!? And who had forgotten to cap the pepper, AGAIN!?? I was shocked sneezeless and just stared at the blanket of black grains for about five seconds. Then, frantically, I scooped up as much pepper as I could. I got most of it, but enough had worked its way into the flour to give the mix a speckled look and unmistakably peppery smell. No time for another batch! Church was barely two hours away, and the boys were still snug in bed, so into the oven they went.
I feel like it’s been off for so long that it’s practically off the air. But the wedding shows were great, a delightful conclusion to Jim and Pam’s romance. I have to wonder where they will be going with the show in the future. The whole being bought out thing defies common sense, but the cast is still top notch.
could be on fire again,
Luke Henery was able to confirm this through his experiences.
I get paid for cleaning.
And while you're busy shutting up your mouth whitey, get used to the idea that the MSM will pejoratively describe YOUR race in any article where whites commit a crime or even a petty transgression, but when blacks do it, it's always described in non biased, non racial terms...
1) Al Qaeda was not behind the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Centre and the Pentagon.
I was also excited to see my World Map print in one of the nursery features.
To be perfectly frank, Gentle Readers, I went into Matthias Goerne's Tuesday night recital with some doubts as to how a program constructed using selections from the Rückert-Lieder, Des Knaben Wunderhorn, and the Kindertotenlieder, as well as Shostakovich's settings of Michaelangelo sonnets (Op. 145,) would work. In the event, Goerne and pianist Leif Ove Andsnes gave a bold, gripping, and ultimately haunting performance. Whether hallucinatory or bitterly realistic, these meditations on the transformations of death were beautifully realized by pianist and singer. I was repeatedly astonished--and fascinated--by Goerne's powerful and flexible instrument, and the variety of emotional colors found by Andsnes in the piano part. The Mahler selections I know relatively well; the Shostakovich I knew not at all; interwoven, they proved emotionally powerful and philosophically stimulating.
Causes of Right Side Chest Pain in Women
So, I did what any self-respecting American expat would do - I bought a Herald Tribune (to hell with French newspapers) and a big cup of American coffee from Starbucks (forget about tiny little espressos) and settled into my seat on the TGV. No doubt about it, I was in an expat funk. Fortunately, I had such a good time chatting with Gwan that I completely forgot about French politics. Or at least I put them out of my mind until I received a message from my daughter asking if I had read the Op-Ed in the New York Times written by Rosecrans Baldwin, the author of Paris, I Love You but You're Bringing Me Down. When Sara added that she found it strange that I hadn't blogged about the elections, I responded like a rebellious teenager, "It's not my country - I only live here. The French can do whatever they want!".
Maternity clothes? Not yet, but my yoga pants are really the only comfortable pants I own now. Wish I could wear them to work.
So the experiment to place “Good Morning America” at 3 p.m. — yes, the time slot that “General Hospital” holds — and move “GH” to 2 p.m. could mean that “Katie” — yes, that Katie — could have an hourlong “Good Morning America” as a lead-in.
Hosted Thanksgiving for 40
"If you want them, you have to earn them," she said.
WTF??
Family Photographs
I drew this picture with a 0.03mm multiliner onto nice paper.
I am grateful for her love, pure and simple
Two beautiful boys, with gorgeous eyes, the close-cropped hair reminiscent of days in the Aggie corps of cadets, chiseled faces and strong hands. And in those eyes, as they drink and study their hands, throw chips and talk, I see their anguish and it makes me so sad. I don't know why their marriages are breaking up. I don't know what they were like at home, whether they weren't available or whether they ran around. But what I do know is that they're not running around tonight because they're here with me. At this table, with seven other boys. Shuffling chips and counting cards, absentmindedly looking at the fight on TV ever so often as the button continues its never ending rotation around the table.
Welcome back crafters and a big WD welcome to all the Joanna Sheen Forum members from all our WD Diva's...Thankyou to everyone that entered our Cute and Cuddly challenge last week ...The Design team are still choosing our top three so come back Tuesday when the winners will be posted
He was a brash and affable young man. The good looking scion of a rich and powerful family. It was a mid-summer party, held in a startlingly beautiful mansion by the sea. And it was one of the hot tickets of the social season.
Later she added: "Dear SA, sincere apologies for the death wish for white people, it was tweeted in anger and yes, condemnation of each other is wrong."
This is similar to the Stoic notion of Nature, which for them was not only order, but the force which creates all, which for them was not only the embodiment of logos, but also the sacred fire which provided energy for all. This helps us get a sense of why the good is not, for these thinkers, something otherworldly, but rather, the best of what is wordly, that which created it, and pushes it forward, that which gives us life in the first place, even as it leads to its possibility for bettering. Reason, or Nature, wasn’t merely the all, but the pull within the all towards the best it could be, a pull which was stronger in some aspects of the world than others. For Stoics, our duty is to come into sync with this, and happiness would result. For the Epicureans, we should aim for happiness, but this will only come about when we understand our place in the whole.
Comment by Vanya — 10 January, 2011 @ 11:57 am
For the optimistic spontaneity
The Distant Hours - Kate Morton
Woohoo. I've been allowed to play along as a guest designer for the Incy Wincy Challenge blog, where I used to be one of the DT members. I'm sooooooooo delighted that I got a bit carried away and made 2 cards !!!!
FRIENDS WITH BENEFITS (2011)
there is nothing I lack.
I don’t care about books, the news, the weather
312 Archway Road
By the way Karabo Ntshweng the YOTV child star, who’s now with VOW FM (Voice of Wits) was the MC for the night rolling with DJ Deza, even saw them mingling with the crowd in the wee hours. Kana kera ka bo ma 3 matsheng (3AM). We hope to see more recognised MC’s Kharas, you really are raising bar.
“Yeah. What do you have in mind?”
Q: I notice that lots of women who are into fashion have these stacks of bracelets, sometimes with watches. They go way up their arms sometimes. This is a new trend that I want to start trying. How can I get the right mix of bracelets, and can I wear them on both arms at the same ... (To continue reading, subscribe.)
Boxing Day brings illness to the Bean household.
Jared: I don't know.
What was our reaction?
I cried in church. I’m a church-crier, it’s true. I feel like I’ve shared this little nugget on “Drama Happens” once before but I’ll share it again. I realize I’m quite the obnoxious over-sharer and but this specific confession really brings everyone’s judgy-eyes out. “You cry in church? But… why?!!?!?” It is weird. I tend to cry at about 90% of the sermons I hear and I don’t even know why! I guess it’s triggered by a sweet personal story, or a quote or phrase that makes me think, or when something reminds me of one the relationships in my life. Whatever the reason, if I feel intense emotion (good or bad) my eyes start to fill up. I’ve gotten quite good at blinking the tears away or letting them pool until I can get a good swipe of my hand up to my face to wipe them away all at once. Still, it gets tricky. And it’s just a very public place in a very quiet room and suddenly I feel like all eyes are on me and public display of emotion. If anything, it gives the Scottish more comedic material. Aren’t I the nicest?
Based on what has been considered above, then it seems very unlikely that the UKSC would grant special leave, let alone grant an appeal.
But open them actually, so you can read this... just squint.
Okay. That's all. What's your random thought for the day?
tap
the book explains how we each have an imaginary bucket.
Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste
a boulder up a mountain
"Did she really just say what I think she said?" I wondered, but decided that since it was late and she really needed to go to sleep, I would not pursue such a deep conversation right then. I remained silent.
Sandals on a coffin.
I don’t think I have read one single mainstream news report that has called into question the very serious anomalies in the case that shatter the illusion of Breivik the “solo terrorist”. It was the “solo terrorist” who is insane for 7 months until public opinion in Norway forced through another psychological report to be carried out, which has turned out, 3 weeks before trial, to be completely contradictory to the first ‘official line’ of insane (paranoid psychotic schizophrenic).
Where does time go? Oh my word! It seems like Kiley was just 6 weeks old, I went back to work, and BAM!, now time has been "fast forwarded" to 3 months already!!! Well, throw in the holidays and all the hustle and bustle involved with that, plus a lingering illness and it's easy to lose all sense of time. Christmas was truly a beautiful day. We enjoyed having Scott's mom stay with us Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. She got to see Kiley on Christmas morning and watch as we opened her gifts. It was a most enjoyable time!
Stir in the basil and what salt and pepper you feel it needs.
Goo: (Goo appears incoherent and begins to babble) Neanderthals used tools of the Mousterian class, which were often produced using soft hammer percussion, with hammers made of materials like bones, antlers, and wood, rather than hard hammer percussion, using stone hammers. A result of this is that our bone industry was relatively simple. However, there is good evidence that Neanderthals routinely constructed a variety of stone implements. Neanderthal Mousterian tools most often consisted of sophisticated stone-flakes, task-specific hand-axes and spades…lots of fun stuff. Many of these tools were very sharp.
The idea took off so so fast and so well, with over 1000 photos being shared in one month, they’ve done it again!
(3) When, after payment of the levy and of the deduction foresaid, half of the remainder of the receipts exceeds the guarantee, the said remainder of the receipts shall be divided, equally, between the two clubs.
“Sunscreens themselves can seem like a mystery with all of their strange ingredients and acronyms and unfortunately, like all skincare products, are almost entirely unregulated by the U.S. government. One common sunscreen ingredient in particular to watch out for is the synthetic chemical oxybenzone. It is an endocrine disruptor which affects the nervous system, has been linked to cancer in some laboratory studies, and creates harmful free-radicals from sun exposure. Another area of potential concern that has arisen is that of nanomaterials. These are widely used in sunscreens to eliminate the chalky appearance of titanium dioxide and zinc oxide. Reports indicate that nanomaterials small size makes them more able to enter the lungs, pass through cell membranes, and possibly penetrate damaged or sun-burnt skin.”
and maybe with ones who sat with you 3 weeks postpartum while you cried and sifted through the jungle of hormones that now controlled your life.
Dad mulled over what I’d just said and a wry smile spread across his face. ’Actually scratch that. Load my cadaver into a catapult and fire it into the air. Wherever it lands I’d like to be left to rot.’
The original Illuminati began with only five members and quickley grew in numbers. These men where very intelligent and respected scientists, doctors, philosophers and logical thinkers who endeavored to prove the world with science. The Roman Catholic church didn’t take to kindly to this blasphemy against god and drove these individuals underground into a secret society.
Heart a mess,
Hugh Laurie recently said that he felt “a tremendous responsibility” to do Leonard justice in the episode,which airs on Monday, April 20 in the US.
The girl sells flowers in the street
*Loyalty
for signs of fox.
We had an amazing Easter weekend with Nana and Grumpa, which started with a visit to the St Georges day celebrations at Tamworth Castle.
And where´s the hidden element, you ask? Here:
Why, she was asked, is there "a common perception held by many young people that the U.S. is anti-Muslim?"
A ravenous feast of bestial patterns.
And us
Johnny Budden aka "Sticky" who is about to set off on a 1000 mile journey (actually 1300 miles) from John O'Groats to Paris using parkour -
Finally, I discovered during the course of my research that Annie's father Henry Orchard (1826-1866) was second cousin to Jacob Botham Smith (1840-1925), who featured in a series of articles on Photo-Sleuth two years ago, entitled "A mystery marriage in Barton-under-Needwood."
At the end of the work day, the rest of the Double X members leave for an after-work party. Mi Roo tries to get out of it but Michelle tells her that it’s mandatory. Mi Roo follows but she’s not sure about the reason for the party. Hae Ra’s arranged it. Arriving late, she tells them to enjoy themselves as she’s got an important announcement.
Anyway onto a card that I whipped up this morning. I am a bit low on male boy cards in my stock so thought I ought to remedy that.
Email: if your email has a different name attached to it than the one in the email, that sometimes triggers spam filters. Make a new email address with your name on it and use it solely for queries. Be sure to disable any ‘pingback’ emails that say that you don’t allow unapproved email and that we need to fill out a form.
You are my life's greatest joy.
It was of course wonderful to win – and nerve racking. I had a feeling I would win but of course you want to prepare yourself for not winning – so by the time Joan Lingaard announced the winner I was ready to fall on the floor. I had recently come second in a short story competition, and was a runner up in the Mslexia poetry competition – so thought I’d be second again.
I would also like to give you my heartfelt thanks, having spent long hours (ok, minutes) conversing with various acquaintances about the possible purposes of the 'fat lamppost' I'd passed. On the night I saw your presence on twitter I was all set out to go out and stick a post-it note on aforesaid pipe reading "please, what is this for?" before you enlightened me.
Total: $270 vs $1,599.99
Travel with me now gentle reader and I will explain to you why some believe that the greatest act of genocide in human history is currently being attempted, and how that act may already well on its way to being achieved.
Friar: ...And Saint Sam raised the beer up on high, saying, "O LORD, bless this Thy beer that with it Thou mayest make Thine enemies very drunk, in Thy mercy." And the LORD did grin and the people did put into their fermenters the lambs and sloths and carp and anchovies and orangutans and breakfast cereals, and fruit bats and large chu...
And now, much to our excitement and curiosity, the consumer preview of the OS has been released. Obviously, the only benchmark that would help us evaluate the new OS is its immediate predecessor- Windows 7. In this post, we give you a report on the performance test conducted recently on these two platforms, which revealed some surprising
* Disregard the estimated cost – chips that will make opponents in the pot after you have will form the hand.
Everly Brothers Bye bye love US
I used this one.......
This blog has been a wonderful tool for that. All of those nasty, hurtful and awful thoughts flow through my fingers onto this page and out into cyber space. The happy, loving and grateful thoughts have followed the same path. It has been very cathartic, but unfortunately it has also had some horrible, unintended side effects.
My ultimate intention is to reach out to everyone who works in the creative world (marketing, design, fashion, music, film, TV, art, media, communications …) and provide a space to help co-create what ever it is that you want.
Proverbs 1:7 The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge Ways of the foolish Fools despise wisdom and instruction.
For the record, I am not in favor of showing a lot of skin away from the beach, as I perceive it as disrespectful to self regardless of one’s sex. Yet irrespective of how a woman dresses, she does not deserve ribald comments, much less assaultive behavior. This is what SlutWalks point out – that it’s the person who commits assault who is at fault, not the victim. Would we blame a forty-something, male executive for wearing his Rolex and thus bringing down upon himself an assault and theft?
Alphabetise by author, obviously. But all my books are divided into fiction, non-fiction, poetry, plays, English Literature (i.e. my annotated texts from school), travel, photography, history, biography, and reference. What? I used to be a librarian, sue me.
without my children’s love
- Father-in-law/ Father Too much involve in family matter.
Martin opens its district season Saturday against United, at 1 p.m., in a game between district heavyweights that finished ranked one and two at the end of last season.
The main indoor exhibition at the time feature Donna Wilson who created this knitted scene. I like how childish and stylised it is, it felt really welcoming and fun. However I did feel like it was a product stand, as later in the trip i noticed that some of the items were present in the store, it no longer felt like she crafted her work specifically to express an idea, but just to gain a bit of cash.
Zircotec’s coatings are appreciated by many of the teams using motorbike engines that tend to run hot in the Formula Student installation. “We are coating exhausts that keep heat inside the exhaust to prevent damage to surrounding components as well as supplying heat resistant foils to protect fuel lines, batteries and the driver,” says Graham. “This year we also coated a composite bulkhead and we expect to see more of these lightweight materials requiring protection in future Formula Student cars.”
Man, this weekend went fast! I hope you enjoyed yours. And thank you so much for all the anniversary wishes! We had a really nice date night at Morton’s, home of our first date. It was great to have some alone time and get to talk and laugh, uninterrupted, for several hours!
Indian Ocean Trade
1 importance
Artist are not charged to display their work and can sell the work if they so wish. A percentage of the sales of displayed artwork goes to benefit The Retreat.
God Bless you Grandma Elsie on this Mother's Day and every day.
Well, fortunately, I don't think I will have to make a decision about this...at least for the time being. I missed a phone call today while I was in class. Actually, I was at lunch, and my phone was right in front of me, but I didn't notice the incoming call. When I checked my voicemail, it was from Jermaine. He had an appointment with his probation officer and they arrested him for violation of probation. Nothing to do with stealing the car, but because he failed to complete his time at the halfway house (again).
to busy myself with wicked deeds
- selecting "Mention" from the tool icon in their profile
#1 has her first official day at the hospital as a nursing student. She is staying here at home on her clinical nights. She will have her own patient to attend to. She went in today to get the paper work for her patient and got a bit overwhelmed and nervous. She will be working with post surgical patients. The worst part is that she has to be there at 6:45 AM..... everyday. It makes me laugh and cry all at the same time. All through school, she was the WORST about getting up and being ready on time. It has been really nice not having to fight with her about getting out of the bed the past few years and now here I am back at square one.
financial loan Stint
Like Boswell observes in Life–some people have a foolish way of not minding or pretending not mind, what they eat. For my part I mind my belly studiously and very carefully for I look it that a person who does not mind his belly will hardly minds anything else.
Riddle Answer: In a dictionary.
It is fairly common in reading modern spiritual books to find references to U. G. Krishnamurti’s influence on both teachers and their students. His books have been translated into nearly every European language, as well as Chinese and Japanese. Widely regarded in India and Europe, The Mystique of Enlightenment is considered by U.G.’s closest associates to be the best summary of his ideas.
Break me.
My response to this was along the lines of 'of course there are errors - but if you take the thing as a whole, it's a great piece of work'. This was (mis)interpreted by some as me saying that errors didn't matter, and the pursuit of truth, of fact, in beer history was unimportant.
The final piece of this was the actual insertion of the micro-sphere beads. I ended up having to lay flat on a bed for 6 hours to seal off my artery in my right leg. I was told that the pain over the next 2 weeks go from very little to pretty bad to less than I had before the process started.
For those that read this and are of the ilk to make false complaints against Officers for doing their job and those drivers who refuse to accept the responsibility for their actions, piss on you!
“I’ll have a pint of snakebite please love. And how do you know me name anyway?”
Gax Matter
- Resident Alien #0 is on sale in comic shops from 18th April 2012. Resident Alien #1 is on sale 23rd May 2012.
Very happy this page. And best of all done within 3hrs, including waiting for paint to dry. Most of these items came from Scrapbooking Haven. Please head over there for a great range in products with fab prices :)
Bags and Boxes from Hobby Lobby
Food was now irradiated to more efficiently eliminate bugs and bacteria so that processors weren’t bothered providing safe and sanitary food. Radiation damages the structure and nutritional content of the food.
Here is Ian with some cousins...but not...but whose counting right? These boys have known each other since they were babies. Somewhere I have a picture of the tallest boy holding Ian...too funny!
Book Maven: What did you think of the poll results, Lucy?
Why would we pretend to be something we are not, or allow our medical condition to be fraudulently politicized for only the benefit of an outsider's conflicting agenda?
co-operation for your children and reward
Handed down three times
Nor is mould like should and would.
What is surprising is the East Asia & Pacific have created more wealth than Euro area since the 70’s. So speaking English, French and Spanish is great, but not enough, because, the most spoken language in the world is Mandarin. We may all need to consider learning this language in the future.
Customization
They would not speak to her.
Voice Call: a buzzy dzert; also a talk given by both genders, greater delivered than shake of the american meadowlark. Flight note: a lovely whistled weeet. Song: three to 5 or more noisy, moving, climbing down whistles lasting approximately 1.5 seconds, tsweee-tsweee-tsweeeooo.
In some sense it was also an act of rebellion. This was what I did when I wanted to be disconnected from the people around me. When I felt the need to escape I would just retreat to my books. I found that reading was a great way for me to get away from it all. Most teenage rebellions involve alcohol, drugs and stupid mischief. I am thankful that there was something inside of me that made me retreat into the world of books instead of doing something destructive.
Both wrong and right, our memories
Mom raced home to find her husband checking the house for every possible hiding place. They screamed his name and double checked every room. The front door was unlocked when she left for the store and the son had gone outside in the past to play in the front yard or with the other neighborhood kids.
Soon after starting on ‘Jack o’Lantern’, Robert and Joan moved to Yeovil, Somerset, and over the next five years Robert would draw 250 weekly full-colour episodes. His strips had an air of authenticity aided by painstaking research of his subject matter from uniforms and fashion to the settings for the stories. Joan recalled, when interviewed in 1997, that she and Robert tramped around the village of Bosham taking photographs when Robert was researching the location for the ‘Jack o’Lantern’ story ‘The Moonshiners’.
books of poetry, the lastest of which is Chomp Away (Combo) .
Irish Cream Mudpie
Water- 2 tbsp
The most important part of catering services includes food. Choosing the best cuisine is very important to make your event a grand success. First you need to have an estimate of the number of guests expected at your function.
So this is pink. Very pink for this 'all about the earthy tones' girl. But I love it, and that's what matters right?!
Note the distance between their bodies, the side kiss, the near grimace of Michelle Obama, how stiff the shoulders and arms of the president appear. (Steve Urkel anyone?) Trouble in paradise? Certainly there have been whispers and the occasional speculative news reports of such. No photo yet though has so clearly captured the seeming truth of such speculation. It is the kind of kiss most often seen given unwillingly by suffering children to the odd and strange smelling older family member during the holidays.
at IHM.
Its off to plan for "Bird Day". Happy Teaching!
About Infinitive Analytics
I've always been interested in WWII history. I was excited to hear there was a movie about the Tuskegee airmen. I must admit I found by accident whilst wandering around the internet. I am pretty much out of touch with current Pop Culture.
I recognized his Mackintosh tartan because I’d passed the overnight train ride from Edinburgh learning about highland clans. His kilt was weighted down with small metal balls sewn into the hem so it wouldn’t float on the surface of the water and cause a stir. He fished a lot and always in his kilt. The red, green and white lines of the fabric intersected hypnotically in the bright sun.
1 tsp ginger
While I was cleaning I wondered how easy it is to catch hantavirus from mouse turds. It's not the first time I wondered that very question.
Don’t think of orgasm as the destination. Sex should be about the journey and being in the moment. Stay attuned to your partner’s body and the sensations of closeness and passion, and let your orgasm and hers happen when they happen. Remember, there is no “right” time or way to achieve orgasm. Every individual and every orgasm is unique.
Film: We Need To Talk About Kevin
Toast walnuts in a dry skillet for about 7 minutes -- until you smell them releasing their beautiful oils.
1.) Restrict Campaign Financing Donations to individuals and families and cap each at no more than $2,000.00 to $10,000 depending on their income and make such contributions non-deductible.
I have to stop thinking that I am exhausted because it will make me even more exhausted...
He didn't reply.
On her 14th day into the strike, Hana Shalabi is the second Palestinian prisonner to launch a hunger strike against "administrative detention." According to Adameer,
Years passed, and both Mirza and Sahibañ advanced into adolescence and to adulthood. They discovered that they liked to be in each other’s company. Actually, Mirza and Sahibañ had fallen head over heals in love with each other — a love that was honest, blind and reckless. Often in the “class”, they would be more absorbed into each other than to paying attention to the maulvi. The maulvi had to resort to the use of chhammak to get their attention.
Jodi Clardy, Certified Family Manager Coach & Professional Organizer
The great age of print for popular entertainment was almost over. As well as cinema, wireless was increasingly competing for attention in households with a little more than minimal disposable income. Allingham’s Indian Summer of success came during the depression years of the early 1930s when a combination of penury and a need for comfort reading pushed many people (women in particular) into buying mass-circulation, value-for-money magazines such as the Family Journal and the Household Companion. 1936, the year Allingham died, was the inauguration of the BBC TV service but it’s probably more significant to notice that the early months of 1937, when the last of his serial stories were still being published, saw the first episodes of the world’s longest running wireless soap opera. Entertainment media was diversifying and printed instalment fiction was being superseded.
I didn't see a single sight! total bummer
I worked almost 65 hours this past week just to make it work. It was a tiring week and I can't say I ate the healthiest. Honestly I can't remember what I ate but it was a very stressful and crazy week.
Spring break is definitely one of those things that can be a blessing and a curse, it’s great to have some time that isn’t overly scheduled but with the kids home it’s just about impossible to have a moment to get anything done. I did find some time to make some really yummy bran muffins so I am stealing away a minute here to share the recipe with you. These are full of fiber with 7 grams per muffin and just slightly sweet and perfectly moist, everything I love in a bran muffin.
Blue shirt (short sleeve), a.n.a. - Salvation Army, 99 cents
1 disappeared
I will show you more once the office is transformed. I am keen to paint the walls as I've grown tired of the preppy blue. I am considering an antique white, with green drapes and a green velvet on the chair i.e. old world elegant (perhaps). I am also considering wallpaper, maybe a stripe or a damask pattern by Farrow & Ball. Suggestions are welcome, but keep in mind that I want to leverage the old-fashioned look from the dresser and chair.
I have so many pictures saved on my computer of crochet work I want to try. Man, the amount of patterns and books I buy are seriously ridiculous, too.
Rolling Panic Affiliated 3 Complete Rolling Panic Affiliated 2 with 150 credibility or more
JAM 11March2012
He sat it on the coffee table and proceeded to go into some drunken rambling about all my perceived faults, flaws and falsehoods. In mid-sentence, he stopped to grab my breast, throw his body weight to me and attempt to kiss me. My hand flew defensively up. I threw him backwards and asked what the **** he thought he was doing. I also spewed some words about his drinking, but he was in no place to hear anything. He repelled the conversation again back on my deficiencies.
This movement is long overdue. It hits at one of the core problems in the economy. The utter lack of hope and opportunity for the youth, the students, the elderly, the women, the under and unemployed, the people of color, the majority.
No more crying
2 Tbsp chopped pimientos
I don’t want you anymore. I don’t want anyone else as well.
I realize big sound will never come from a tiny speaker, but still, I keep hoping. Something to plug into my iPhone or laptop. Anything that is ridiculously small, lightweight, sounds good, and doesn't cost me a fortune.
Energy consumption = (# gallons/mile)(30 kWh/gallon)(62 miles/100 km)
The truth is that I don't think anyone noticed at first, and for a long while. I think that, when you've acted one way for a long time, people don't quite believe you when you start to change. It was during that time, when I was really struggling with that, that I wrote "Changing When You Can't." Because what I wanted to say, really, was "I'm TRYING. I'm really TRYING," and I wanted someone to see it and acknowledge it and say "I get it. Keep going, it's working." But nobody said that, and it was sometimes hard to keep going when I felt like nobody believed me.
All in all, I really enjoyed this one!
- He's a nice man, says Tom.
Ink: cajun craze, early espresso
The wind blowing, the leaves
For the flowers I stamped them in versamark and then heat embossed with black embossing powder. I then punched it out and burnished with the pretty in pink stampin pastels. I thought about just stamping it on the blushing bride paper, but I like the effect of burnshing for this card better, I like the subtlety of it. Even though there isn't a blushing bride stampin pastel (because it's an in colour) the pretty in pink is a pretty good substitute. Well, thanks for hanging out and checking out my card. Looking forward to more posts!!
But GREEN was fashionably late, booze in hand and dancing on the tables by night's end, with an overwhelming 102 votes! I bucked the majority on the Pink vs Navy Doors....but I jumped on the bandwagon this time!
FREE subway art file (can download below!)
My first Rkatsiteli, I liked it – 89/100 points.
While they were still speaking about this,r he stood in their midst and said to them, “Peace be with you.”
The objective of the present work was to evaluate the broadest toxic effect of some synthetic additives of colorants and/or flavors on different body organs and metabolic aspects in rats. A number of chemical food color and flavor additives are routinely added during processing to improve the aesthetic appearance of the dietary items. However, many of them are toxic after prolonged use. In this experiment, a total of 100 male albino rats of Spargue Dawley strain were divided into 10 groups: G(1) was fed basal diet and served as control, G(2): basal diet + Brilliant blue (blue dye, No. 2, 124 mg/kg diet), G(3): basal diet + carmoisine (red dye, No. 3, 70 mg/kg diet), G(4): basal diet + tartrazine (yellow dye, FD & C yellow No. 5, 75 mg/kg diet), G(5): basal diet + trans-anethole (4.5 g/kg diet) G(6): basal diet + propylene glycol (0.25 g/kg diet), G(7): basal diet + vanillin(1.25 g/kg diet), G(8): basal diet + Brilliant blue + propylene glycol, G(9): basal diet + carmoisine + trans-anethole, G(10): basal diet + tartrazine + vanillin for 42 successive days. All food colorants mixed with or without flavor additives induced a significant decrease in body weight, hemoglobin concentration and red blood cell count. Also there was a significant decrease in reduced glutathione content; glutathione-S-transferase and superoxide dismutase activities in both blood and liver compared to control group. On the other hand, a significant increase in serum alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, alkaline phosphatase activities, bilirubin, urea, creatinine, total protein and albumin were observed in all test groups when compared to control group. Finally, it is advisable to limit the uses of these food colorants and/or food flavor additives especially those used by children.
HERBED STUFFED TROUT – 30.00
Or there's always the "je suis pleine" to mean I'm full but actually finish a meal with "I'm pregnant."
Despite hours of hard labor during my 10 months in AmeriCorps, I don’t think I ever dropped below 200 lbs. The problem was the food. Our galley on campus had unlimited fried foods, breads, processed junk. Every meal ended with an ice cream sundae. I often felt sick after I ate, but never had the mental strength to change the way I was eating. At one point, while working in Alabama, my team decided we were going to eat healthy in the conventional wisdom way- lots of veggies (good), tons of whole grains (bad), lean meats (not the best), and several small meals throughout the day (not great). I felt constantly hungry and unsatisfied the entire time. All I wanted to do was eat and eat and eat everything in site. I didn’t have access to a scale at the time, so I don’t know if I lost any weight. My guess would be no since my clothes never seemed to fit any differently. My entire team was also afflicted with the worst gas ever. Our van smelled terrible and outsiders tried to stay as far away from us as possible. Not great.
AnGeleve.
Ghee or oil - 2 teaspoons
Although this a slim book, it's packed with pictures and brewing history. The main focus of the book is the burgeoning beer scene, chronicling not only the history of the Anheuser Busch brewery, but Saint Arnolds, Buffalo Bayou, Karbach Brewing, No Label Brewing, and Southern Star Brewing. He also covers Houston's vibrant home brewing culture.
Post marathon, I switched gears to get my muscles and strength back. I eliminated all steady state exercise and embarked on a 12 week program I created. It consisted of 5 workouts/week (Monday-Friday) in a combination of intervals, strength training and metabolic circuits. And voila, within 2 weeks I was seeing results! My muscles were appearing again and even my abs were back. The best part – my workouts were less than 45 minutes!! Just goes to show it’s all about the intensity.
A vast quantity of information about this festival (although little else about the devotee’s presence there) can be found here.
Several observations arise here.
Virgil wrote:
Yeah, if you could.
ROMNEY: Wouldn’t it be nice if people didn’t make accusations somewhere else that they weren’t willing to defend here?
Losing to North Carolina and San Diego State is not exactly embarrassing, but the streak also includes losses to Dartmouth (a traditional cellar-dweller in the Ivy League), Georgia Southern, and Columbia (another Ivy opponent). Elon has struggled putting the ball in the basket in those five games, as it has not shot better than 36% from the field in any of them. The Citadel needs to make sure that trend continues.
The Radiant Manifest-Supra-Un-Manifest Hymn and the Journey of Ionicixa within the Three Vertices (Love-Light-Life) of the Equilateral Triangle
Mom--We have been having goat cheese. Something you would like very much. Also, there is something called "fromage frais", fresh cheese. You mix this cheese which is very soft like yogurt with fruit and sprinkle the top with sugar. Ah, it has a taste you can't imagine. Better than almost any dessert I have ever had. ...
This is probably my front-runner. Cute, cuddly, and cute. And it's a very similar setup to the costume she wore last year. I'm making us all dress up this year, so we'd need to figure out what to be to match her. I'm thinking farm animals? I could be Mary but I'm not sure what that would entail. I'd be a much better pig/cat/cow.
And there is my scared and worried little friend. There is a way in which we can prolong your magnificence and make you feel as if there is an actual point to the massive accident that was all of your atoms colliding and forming the slightly odd looking humanoid with the vacant look plastered all over its stupid face. We will invent religion, and in turn, heaven and hell, and make you believe that your wondrous existence will carry on for the rest of all eternity if it means that we can control you all by brainwashing you into believing in this new thing called “religion.”
One day attendance, includes one day conference attendance, 1 year’s AISHE Membership. (Conference dinner €40 extra if required): €100
What better time to try out some solar powered activities? These activities are easy enough to do with children, and they’re fun and interesting for grownups too. All of these activities can be done with household materials, or require only a minimal purchase.
And so. Sessions blogged. New beginnings. Feels good. Thanks, dear clients, for trusting me with your special moments. And thanks, dear readers, for letting me put on the pro photographer hat once in a while on the blog-- it IS a part of my daily life, and it's high time I got back to including it in my journals here.
In all such instances, however, I've known what I wanted. I look for two or three things. Basta. That's also nicer on the sales assistant.
1 bag baby spinach
Ahem. Moving on.
Did you watch Katwise today on etsy?
to my distribution distribution list.
No coupon codes needed! And all sale prices will already appear in the shop.
Her 2 "chores" are to put her clothes in the dirty clothes and to put her shoes in her shoe drawer when we get home. She LOVES doing these two things and is so proud of herself afterwards.
FOR THE MERINGUE
Schwab 1000 (minimum waived with 100 auto contribution)
Cult She sells sanctuary UK
It is good to note however that the data being represented is between 1884 and 2007. This increase in average global temperature doesn’t necessarily mean that we are just going to see warmer and warmer weather. It tends to mean that we observe more severe weather more frequently (more droughts and floods for example). Car emissions are thought to be a contributor to this phenomenon which is why I have chosen to try to change my personal driving habits to lower my contribution to global warming.
Celery - some (I think this may have been about 3 ribs)
Too long film has been held hostage by the notion of the character, and the main character, or protagonist, in particular. This is not to say that film does not often become more powerful when it is focused by means of a unifying perspective, a single film-consciousness that serves as a tour guide through the film-world being portrayed. Alternately, a few such perspectives, or a series thereof, may serve as a focusing device. However, these tropes should be seen as means, not ends in themselves.
This leaves Afrikaners with an impossible choice: stay in South Africa and anglicize, or emigrate to Australia, and anglicize. In neither country is there an Afrikaner future. This is not even a fair choice. In Australia there is little crime and no affirmative action imposed on Afrikaners. Afrikaners emigrated in the 1830's from the Cape Colony during the Great Trek to escape British domination. Perhaps the current large-scale migration is the Last Trek which will close the book on centuries of Afrikaners, and in a thousand years all of Afrikaner experience will have been reduced to a footnote.
God sends His son to Earth; on one of the mountains of which I shall tell you.
Horner
Marinate the chicken with grated Onion, Ginger-Garlic paste, 1 tbs red Chilli powder, 2 tbs Vinegar, 2 tbs Soya sauce and Salt. Leave it for about an hour. Then heat 2 tbs of oil in a frying pan. Add chopped Onion and Capsicum. Fry it on low flame till they are soft. Remove them from fire. Now heat rest of the oil in the same pan. Wait for few seconds. Add the marinated chicken to the oil. Add the turmeric powder, chilli powder, chopped Tomato and salt to taste. Cook it on medium flame for 10 minutes. Add the fried Onion and fried Capsicum to it. Mix well and cook it till the chicken turns soft. Add the butter and mix well. Chilli Chicken is ready to be served with Hakka Noodles.
Nice weather begins to emerge in the Destin area, and for the first time, we take both boys, now walking, to the beach! We no longer have a baby and a little boy but instead are starting to see the "twin" part of "Irish" emerging.
290 12. Book Review: Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar, Newton’s “Principia” for the Common Reader. The Great Ideas Today, vol. 1997, pp. 448-54 (Encyclopedia Britannica, 1997). See Item C-1997(1), above.
stripped that I might be clothed,
The map even missed the burger boom outlined by the Brooklyn Paper, which, that article suggests, is partly driven by the arena for Five Guys, but not for 67 Burger.
Another thing that I really liked about this online shop is that if you buy 5 of their W7 polishes you get a W7 top coat for free. I ordered six of them, and I got the top coat too, and I can't really wait to try it!
“Good soldiers of Jesus Christ have many battles to fight with their unbelief, with the perverseness of their nature, with evil temper, and with besetting sins.” QOC
Its just ashame i am left with the messy bowls filled with ganash and strawberry sauce....but hang on....Bowl of melted choc plus moi froufrou... yum yum yum......
i can't help but feel that this dream was telling me that i am on the right path...no matter how hard it is. i am trying to walk away from ways that no longer serve me. a few years ago i got sort of shell shocked by someone and it caused me to build a callous, to lose my carefreeness and to be more cynical than i have ever been in my life. so i started reading about taoism again, this has helped me start to unearth my authentic pooh-like self. i know that i have let go of a lot of that old hurt, but in many ways i still carry it around and it is terribly heavy. a weight in my chest. it skewed my vision of everyone around me and i lost a lot of the progress i had made towards embracing friendship after so many years of pushing it away.
Look at you, girl
Murrine (common pluralization murrini) is an Italian term for colored patterns or images made in a glass cane (long rods of glass) that are revealed when cut in cross-sections. Murrine can be made in infinite designs—some styles are more familiar, such as millefiore. Artists working in glass design murrine in a variety of ways from simple circular or square patterns to complex detailed designs to even portraits of people. Murrine are designed by layering different colors of molten glass around a core, then heating and stretching it into a rod. When cool, the rod is sliced into cross-sections of desired thickness with each slice possessing the same pattern in cross-section.
And I hope you have all you’ve dreamed of.
Protein pancakes!! I had this protein pancake craving because all these recipes for them in the blogisphere. so i tried a veganized version of Heather eats almond butter's and they were awesome. I also got some 100 percent dark chocolate from the store, melted it with lakanto in my dehydrator, and spread some on top. it was so good!
You’re going to forget about it in the morning
If lightning makes thunder I wonder why.
The dinner I left her was the Smoked Sausage Macaroni and Cheese. I had also made this for my kids the weekend before when my husband and I went out to dinner. I'll be honest -- it's very very Ranch-y. If you don't like Ranch, you won't like this**. When I made it for Angela (after verifying that she and her husband did indeed like Ranch dressing), I used slightly less than the cup called for, and I increased the milk. I also used half Bacon Ranch and half Hidden Valley Ranch Light. I think that this made it a much better dish because the flavors were more complex.
So, if there is no motive in her killing, does it mean this is not murder? So, Altantuya must have died of natural death? Natural death caused by “blasted-related injuries”. A new one in medical science. Haha.
Part of the Better Book Company’s services is to provide standard copy-editing and they believe that along with the design of an author’s book—they are the most important factors that contribute to the success of self-publishing projects. Their standard copy-editing covers the following areas:
A Slower Pace
Simply add any of the products to your cart. When you check your shopping cart you can update quantities and add as many units of each product as you'd like.
This may end up being a very long post, but I have coupons and discount codes and other goodies to tell you about, so please bear with me :)
Time for the recap. A most interesting competition this week. I don't think I've ever had so many deleted comments. Nor did I understand that time or the passage thereof seems to bother some folks. Being of the belief that you can stop it. Going with the flow seems to be the best way to deal with time's passage. Maintain oneself as best you can and enjoy the ride. Ok enough of all that, let's get on with it.
Felt that there wasnt any earl grey taste? The lemon taste was definitely very strong (which I liked! Love lemon :D) and perhaps overpowered the subtle earl grey taste? Really good lemon frosting! Thick, creamy and sour (but not overly so). The cupcake tasted the same as the one used in the black sesame
Then again it takes dedication, hard work and patience. I write the best songs when I’m ready to share my own emotions and experiences. the real thing always beats anything else.
It's amazing to think of where people started - I wonder if someday this blog will be my "start"?
One of the perks of our small community school is the Home and School Association volunteers that participate is providing fun events and activities for the kids. They do an excellent job making school fun and probably deserve more credit and thanks then they get. One of the preeminent events the HSA holds is the annual Pine Run Derby Race. Max has participated the past few years. This year is Wyatt's first opportunity to build and car and enter the race. He is very excited.
19-What is your favourite smell?
For that matter, even in lily-white areas of the country, it seems reasonable to question whether racism is always an inseparable part of the fabric of society. If it were truly “business as usual,” as the quote suggests, Iowa would not have chosen Obama. It may have been business as usual, once upon a time; but why, in this rapidly changing world, should a social work professor or doctoral student pretend that things are as they were in the 1960s or before?
Michael John Cahill, 37, East Williston, N.Y.
Indeed, the Isabeau Dakota Corporation, STAR America Aviation & The Ultimate Pet Resort were all listed in this proposal with awesome pictures, graphs, estimates, job creations, etc. in a very professional business style! The reader will very likely not notice small items like Penny Idema's name being spelled “Penny Alessi” on page 13 and “President Isabeau Dakota Corporation & CEO” with signature forged seven times in the Idema grant document.
Mr Kipling: “Why are you scared?”
7. Realise that I also wrote down the inches as centremetres, and the centimetres in inches.
See that Ryan is happy and free!
“Yeah. Never tried.”
I view myself as someone who doesn't have her act together at all. I view myself as someone who has fallen short over and over....in my relationships....in my career....in my faith....in my life.
Of course, Amazon has got nothing to fear, but that’s not the point. Harvard Book Store defended their market and they did it by leveling the playing field with a giant. You shop there because it’s the most effective and satisfying experience.
Now onto the precious blackboard fabric! Yeah!! I got a marker, I actually used a purple gel pen because it showed up easily on the back of the fabric and it was already on my sewing table ;) I traced around 3 circle shaped objects that were in the room. They were a small plate, a DVD Disk holder and a cup. You could do any shape you like.I cut the circles out and took them to my project.
PLEASE BLESS MY POOR LITTLE BEAR.
“These kinds of stories cut me deeply because I see my own life, my own son, my own circumstances, all up in the details,” I wrote on MyBrownBaby in a post that appeared on the morning of March 8. “This is the fear that every parent of a black boy lives with—a fear that grows every year as they age and begin to leave your house without you alongside them. We have to let them go at some point, but it’s so damn hard. And stories like this only make it harder.”
I was asked a lot of questions – good questions, hard questions! What was I still doing now that had helped me lose weight? What habits was I still practicing at this point? I came up with drinking water, tracking food, walking 10,000 steps – though I should be MORE diligent with all these. (Just re-ordered a FitBit yesterday as mine went AWOL a few weeks ago and I’ve given up finding it. The good news is that it’s a new and improved version. And this time I think I’m going to pay the modest annual fee for the extra features online, which others have said are helpful.) And in terms of habits, I should have also said weighing daily, and setting goals.
Aid agencies say a malnourished child can be nursed back to health in just a month, but the difficulty of getting supplies to trouble areas is hurting those most in need.
His birthday was last week, actually, so this post is a little belated, but my birthday is next week, so I split the difference and I'm calling this post's timing perfecto!
One day cooking lager enthusiasm will go full circle. The supermarkets will be prevented from selling me cheap grog, and cooking lager enthusiasm will return to its roots at the Hypermarkets of Calais. Until then I raise my glass in toast to our French cousins and their fine lout in thanks and appreciation.
Weight: 2 lbs.
Well, that's when we noticed that we only had one tail-fin.
Of the total budget sum, N58
Only in a world of speculation.
This Manual Includes:
One of my favorite songs is How Beautiful by Twila Paris. I’ve sang it many times for Lord’s Supper, weddings and Mikie’s cousin Tiffany sang it our wedding while Mikie and I shared our first Lord’s Supper as a married couple.
Between trains
Author : Yuechara15 ( @yuechara15 )
- 23g egg whites
Years later, Mardi Gras remains a low-key holiday for me, but I do try to whip up some pancakes on that day when I can. That said, I don't make just any pancakes, nor would I use a mix. I always make these pancakes. These pancakes, which never fail me, are always light and fluffy with a hint of sweetness.
The Coalition had intended a two-hour sit-down beginning 2pm at Kuala Lumpur’s iconic Independence Square, but could only assemble around the square following a court order obtained by the police on 27 April preventing the public from entering the area until 1 May 2012. Multiple barriers and a razor wire were also erected around the square which was heavily guarded by riot police on the day of the protest. Chaos ensued after the crowd which had congregated from late morning was forced to disperse after police fired tear gas and shot chemical-laced water at them, and incidence of violence from both sides were reported.
Niamh Bagnell
You will have to let me know what you think about this one! I love these fun colors and am thinking I really like this card! This stamp is becoming a fast favorite....I know....I have alot of those don't I? :)
I've been in this absolute FUNK that I cannot shake. Hence the reason I have been MIA. I just have zero energy and feel depleted and unmotivated. I don't know if it is in response to the pneumonia from a month ago or what. I go back to the doc in a week for a follow up and new x-ray so we'll see.
Jesus changed His whole body posture to meet this man where he was.
"As you know, we had an incident with Oscar yesterday and I just wanted to make sure you know exactly what happened."
Not all city parks close at 1:00 AM or earlier. Although there are some contrary indications on the web, if you call the Parks Department as I did you will discover that Central Park doesn’t close at night although certain sections like the zoo and playgrounds do. If Central Park did close at 1:00 AM then Mr. Bloomberg’s quote in Mr. Flegenheimer’s article that Ms. Taylor walks Bonnie and Clyde in Central Park at 1:00 AM would mean she was breaking the rules.
It was similar to having an eating disorder. There’s an old saying among writers: you read and you read, and then one day you throw up a book. So to purge myself, I decided to write one, too. About a troubled teen angel named Griffin, and his steadfast father-mentor, Basil.
This is a good strategy for website owners because everyone likes a pat on the back and so visitors keep coming back to their website for the rewards and little treats. As they say in website terminology it makes the site more 'sticky' and more visitors equals a bigger audience share and more revenue.
Anarchist groups such the “hacktivist” organization, Anonymous – known for utilizing the internet for social justice purposes will be “undoubtedly” in attendance “causing website mischief,” a problem that Zoufal and many city officials are particularly worried about regarding the city of Chicago’s overall safety.
In the past month, I've told three different people in three different circumstances that I'm wondering if sometimes we're not supposed to "get over it." That sometimes we're not supposed to shake that feeling in the pit of our stomach.
You say they are tired - perhaps, like us, they lack sleep. Perhaps, like us, they just want their children to be safe. Of course, they can't sleep because our war planes are flying overhead, patrolling and when they locate a rocket launching team, with pinpoint accuracy, yes - using some planes that we purchased from your government, we fire and take them out. And our children, why can't they sleep?
A “mystery” is truth that was hidden in the Old Testament but revealed in the New (Rom. 16:25-26). The Old Testament did not see the church age in between Christ’s two comings.
(Marcy 4th) I met one of Col’s old friends from ‘back in the day’, Phil. I’d heard a lot about him and we had a fun day hanging out with him, both up in Belfast, Thunderdome for lunch and down in the apartment in Larne for the afternoon. I even made them a SW dinner, which went down better than expected!
One of my teammates did this with her kids she took a picture of them reaching up really tall and then on earth day she had them color and cut out the earth and make a card with their earth day promise.
~Thank you
into her eyes they spread..
or as I've always called it 'too damn good syndrome'. You know, that feeling that everything in your life is going so well, that any moment now it's bound to crash down around you? Sometimes -- okay always -- it's some irrational fear that something awful has happened any time someone you love is late getting home, or just an overall panic that somewhere, something is going wrong in a way that will cascade into your life?
Anyway, at the end of last week and this weekend we've had Stevie's parents staying with us. At this point I should mention that in actual fact I am far more tolerant of his parents than he himself is. I sometimes get the impression that he could quite happily wave them back on the plane an hour and half after their arrival. Much as I'd love to outline where my tolerance breaks down, I will resist, because you just never know who's reading. And it's not that I have written down all the hundreds of little funny anecdotes I have, more because they are super defensive and wouldn't appreciate the little tales I tell about their son.
Also a big thank you to everyone that participated and who helped coordinate the project for Malta. Well done.
I've reworked my base recipe (yet again) and think I have found just the right balance between lather and skin conditioning qualities, finally. Of course, if you ask me again in a month, I'll probably have redone it again...lol. Too much coconut, palm kernal, palm (the latter two, I dont use anyway), and the stripping goes up...too little, the lather fizzles. Too high a superfat, soft soap - too low, not conditioning enough. It's enough to drive a soapmaker to drink. :) For now, I'm very happy with my latest results and the ideas are banging around in my brain so much that I can't stop working on things. Some work, some don't. My trash can has seen many a prototype. Trust.
The building at 80 DeKalb, bounded on the south by Fulton Street, is a former Barton's candy factory, which closed in 1981 and, according to a 6/9/85 article in the New York Times, was in converted to office space. Forest City Ratner bought the property four years later, in mid-1989, branding it as 10 MetroTech, the building in the far southeast of the sprawling complex.
Have you ever been playing your XBox or your PS3 and thought to yourself, “Self…this is just too much work. Hitting all of these buttons exerts far too much energy. I wish that there was a way I could just sit on my couch, stare at my screen, and control this game with my mind”? Well, good news. Now you can!
pass. Buttoned up
held aloft by Souls mate in Salvation;
So how would you go from chair to 5k in a mere a few weeks period? How will you get yourself started a 5k program if you’ve by no means trained before given that your level of fitness is really low, and if you possibly even overweight? Well, it’s not too hard, the simple truth is, because it just takes easing to the 5k exercise program in order that you raise your level of training and endurance little by little and with virtually no strain on the body. One thing you have to keep in mind if you’ve never ever done any training before is your targets have to be reasonable.
CORRY
about so many things.
When the oatmeal looks like this, turn off the heat and stir in up to a tablespoon of butter to finish. Honestly, sometimes I forget to add the butter (like this morning) and the oatmeal is still wonderful, so just leave it out if you're worried about the extra fat. But it does add a nice richness.
"Get 'em in the eyes, get 'em RIGHT in the eyes!"
7Let us be glad and rejoice, and give honour to him: for the marriage of the Lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself ready.
AMAA 2011 PRIZE FOR BEST FILM
And now onto what I have been working on (besides my collage piece)...
Carrot - 2 cups diced
But there was something else that struck me about RTS that was just as unexpected but much more profound. It had to do with the role of the gospel in the life of the Christian leader.
1) An extra day off. I needed a day to catch up on some rest. I didn't feel that great all last week. I have been T.I.R.E.D. lately, and last week was difficult. I was grouchy with my coworkers. I was whiny to Shawn. I was distracted with Sam. A day at home to take a big nap and get caught up on some of the laundry that had been staring us in the face all week was just what the doctor ordered.
huts
Th. = Thursday
Yes! It takes time, it takes perseverance, it takes patience but mostly it takes constant faith and firmness. Many of us have already done big part of the journey; are we going to give up now? Do we think that the Lord is a liar? Are we sure that we have heard from God? Thus, let’s wait and wait upon the Lord, full in confidence. Don’t throw away your confidence, you are too close now! Don’t throw away your assurance. Don’t throw away your trust. He trusted you with His blood, trust Him back!
Vincent LaForet was the first to popularise the 5DmkII with his film, “Reverie.” After Reverie hit the internet a wave of young, old and new filmmakers rushed out to pick up the new camera. As LaForet recently mentioned during an interview panel at Sundance with Rob Legato, Jacob Rosenberg and Sharlto Copley, “…someone once said I was the best thing to happen to Canon and the worst thing to happen to Canon….” (watch the full interview here)
True to that statement I am offering a FREEBIE now as a Blog Birthday Gift to you. I am thrilled to have met so many talented and wonderful teachers through my blog and appreciate that you take time to visit and see what's happening "In The Teachers' Lounge".
Soon he could be running the country's state security apparatus.
Personally, I think spring cleanin' is overrated.
It was a little pricey as helicopter trips tend to be but it was definitely worth it. We didn't want to miss out on seeing the Grand Canyon just incase we never go back to this neck of the woods, and the other types of tours didn't appeal to us (e.g. going there on a coach:
What are Porter’s 5 Forces?
Ministers have promised that frontline warranted police officer roles will not be undertaken by private companies for profit. The picture above shows that this is clearly untrue. You could be convicted and sent to prison on the strength of the evidence gathered by a for-profit corporate investigator.
This week's Sunday Stills photo challenge was pretty fun. We were to take two photos, one of something large, and the second photo would be a small part of the first photo.
We resolved that we, the People, would never forget. Then we forgot.
THRIP (above right)
So yesterday, after packing the car (as usual to the gunnels) including the newly varnished woodwork for the rear deck, we got in and the engine wouldn’t start! After a panicky phone call to our local tyre and battery man in the village and within the hour we were on our way with a new battery!
soup is done, cool slightly, for about 10 minutes, then fill each ramekin to within 1/2-inch of the top. (You will have about 2 cups soup remaining; refrigerate and enjoy as leftovers.) Whisk the egg with 1 teaspoon cold water in a small bowl, and brush one side of each pastry circle with some of this egg mixture. Carefully place a pastry round, glazed side down, over each ramekin. Firmly press the overlapping pastry against the outside of each ramekin. Be careful not to press down from the top to avoid cutting the dough on the edge of the ramekin. Press the tines of a fork around the pastry sides to make it
"Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world" (or write 50,000 words in a month!)
I have been overwhelmed with gratitude at the response my last post generated. The comments and emails I received were so encouraging and loving and I thank all of you for taking the time to just let me know you were there, you heard, and you wished the best for me. I also thank all of you who shared your own stories of abuse and betrayal with me. Those stories are sacred to me and I feel blessed that you trusted me with them.
Here is the second on my entries into my own book! It is great to think this has travelled round the northern hemisphere from Moscow to Tokyo to Ontario and back. I have said it before and I'll say it again, this is one of the few times I actually look forward to receiving post since I have been an adult. Every time I get one I have a little flutter in my stomach.
Romans 13:4
It's a pleasant book. The characters are consistent, it moves along -- I read it over a couple of days, put it on the shelf and forgot it.
However, there is an important difference with the theoretical case. This is clear if we look at the subjects of (a’), (b’) and (c’). Whereas endorsing a theoretical inferential commitment means taking it to hold for everyone, the scope of practical inferential commitments can vary. Desires are those practical inferential commitments that only hold for specific individuals (e.g., (a’)), and thus have no force for others. Norms are those practical inferential commitments which hold for groups, which can mean particular communities (e.g., the Jewish kosher laws), those who occupy a particular institutional role (e.g., (b’)), or even everyone (e.g., (c’)). This is what I mean when I say that norms are a kind of collective practical commitment. Brandom thus thinks that terms like ‘prefer’, ‘ought’, ‘should’, ‘may’, and all varieties of normative vocabulary should be understood to be a kind of logical vocabulary (analogous to conditional vocabulary) that makes explicit these features of practical reasoning.
I once read a passage, I believe it was from "Brennan Manning" where he was talking about our Papa, our Abba Father, Christ. He, like myself, found himself easily distracted and sometimes even unable to focus on God when he was trying to simply pray. I am CONSTANTLY DISTRACTED...I try to remind myself that I must focus on only one thing at a time. Brennan compared this situation to a little toddler who crawled up on his father's lap. He was gibbering at his dad one second, then the next he was crawling down to look at something shiny or new that caught his attention. His reminder was, do you think that the Father cared or loved his child any less because he was distracted? No, he simply delighted in his child...he was thrilled to hold him, watch him, dote over him. And just think, that dad wasn't even perfect. Our Heavenly Father rejoices over us. He takes pride in our every movement, our every step. He loves us-He's adopted us-He rejoices over us! We are so blessed!
….that 48 people were killed in 1980 when a space-launch rocket exploded whilst being fuelled at Plesetsk in the then Soviet Union.
There were other people at the party, but I had so much fun taking pictures of Layla, I'm afraid I didn't get many of the other guests. It was a beautiful day, though. Afterwards, Jerry and I went to visit my friend Lindy and her family. We spent the night with them before heading home on Sunday. Our evening was just as fun as the day. Jerry and Lindy's son, Anthony, played Pokemon on their DSs well into the night and Lindy, Scott (her husband) and I drank lots of wine and sat around on their comfy chairs talking all night.
5) Home:
Discussing the ability of the US to garner 30 medals in a major championship, I was surprised to learn that the coaches of our medal winners do not receive stipends from USATF - a situation that should be rectified in my opinion as prior to the change to the Logan administration stipends WERE paid to coaches. Coaches were paid upwards of $2,000 if their athletes won medals at the Games - lesser amounts if they coached athletes ranked in the Top 10. While it is discretionary, it would seem to be a logical move to provide assistance to those most responsible for the development and performances of our athletes. Something that I would hope the current administration would reconsider.
Our Christmas will be very quiet, just the hubby and his folks. There are family members we wish were closer, but they are close in our minds and in our hearts.
Bathtub Gin – 43.4%
Thami Bolani, chairman of the National Consumer Forum, said it was unfair for paying customers to be charged for illegal connections.
11. "The Safety Dance" by Men Without Hats.
C. One Group That Believes In A Partial Rapture Is The “Baptist Bride”
Of all the broad religious traditions, I think Buddhism comes closest to retaining the spirit of its founder and greatest teacher, Gautama the Buddha. Buddhists have never started a war to advance their cause. No one has ever been forced to convert to Buddhism.
Markham ON L3R 6H3
“He’ll be working,” I said primly. If wishes were horses ... God knows there was plenty to do.
My station was in rural Kentucky and there wasn't too much by way of entertainment around there. After struggling to nickle and dime it for years they hooked up with a professional promoter, rented a gymnasium, had us dress up in our dress uniforms, and once a week we had the biggest, baddest Bingo around. Big jackpots, refreshments, professional callers, and firefighters selling bingo sheets ... it was a hit. Such a hit that we started running out of room to seat people.
September 20 - Robert Whitaker, photographer (Beatles "butcher" album cover), 71
Citrus fruit
A secure leader surrounds himself with talented, skillful people high in character and competence. He is not threatened by them but embraces what they bring to the table, knowing that if everyone puts their best foot forward it benefits the whole team and is not a hindrance or harm to his own personal success but rather contributes to it.
Workbox/File 10:Gift of Music, read chapter 2, 25 minutes
After really pondering this and praying about how God could use me to make a change, the first thing that came to me was a for sure ah-ha moment. I know so many of you joined me in the 30 Days of Praying for Your Husband month so I thought why not spend a month on the blog focusing on praying for unreached people groups! As I began to search around the IMB website for a specific people group I could lift up in prayer, I even found a 30-Day Prayer Guide for Unreached People. Coincidence? I think not!
And this is how she wins every single time, she makes me laugh. I had to admit she had a point as I imagined my own mother climbing into my bed and immediately wanted to remove the image from my brain with a pitchfork.
The Durer drawings are stunning, of course, as are the pair of wolves by someone else, forget who; but the real attraction for me is the beautiful, strange painting by Giorgione, entitled “Homage to a Poet”. It shows a Christ-like poet with a laurel crown, seated on a rocky outcrop, while devotees bring him tokens, animals wander about (as in the Titian) and a small, shadowy Virgin figure(?) lurks halfway up the opposite bluff. It’s all very static; the figures stand out somehow, as if collaged on, an effect I remember from Douanier Rousseau pictures at Bilbao a year or two ago. The shrubbery, dark at the front, lightening at the back, is sharply defined – just beautiful, and strange. The wall notes point out Giorgione’s regard for the work of Schongauer – maybe that combination of German cold clarity with the warm colours of Venice is the secret. Anyway, he’s my latest favourite Renaissance painter.
That's right folks, this week got off to a cracking start as in my morning haste I tripped on the couch and broke my toe! There was some serious yelping and jumping up and down, as I had Miss One in my arms at the time too. The result is a very bruised, very immobile pinky toe, and a very grumpy disposition. I would like to say that I am one of those "fiddle dee dee" types who can then carry on with a stoic smile, but I am being a bit of a sook. And I hate the way something so small can affect my mood so greatly.
1.While making the dough ,it may b little sticky and soft so dont worry , just wash and dry your hands and rest the dough for 2-3 mins and then u can apply some warm ghee over the dough and make balls.
They are new every morning; great is your faithfulness.
29But Peter and the Apostles, answering, said, We have to do the orders of God, not of man.
11. On My Mind
I’ve been adding ingredients to my marriage for 21 years and I recon it’s working quite well.
I believe most books sell well under 10,000 copies in the British Isles and fail to make a profit. Publishers live on their rare big buck-earners.
Water is not an issue for heat mats either; you can run a hose with a sprinkler on them if necessary (I've seen photos of Eliot Coleman doing this) as they are waterproof. Don't go submerging it, but if you're using a watering can and some of it spills on the mat, you can relax!
The earliest surviving type is the trestle table, typical in the wonderful halls of the Center Ages. Originals from this period of time are hugely sought just after and very rare. The prime was formed from extended wood planks, usually taking up the duration of the hall, all-around which the lord, girl and complete corporation of the manor would be seated. Later, the planks and trestles would be dismantled, and the space applied for dancing.
Trof is one of those trendy new bars that Manchester and surrounds do so well and others seem to do so badly. It is in a lovely old building, just along from Shudehill Interchange, thus handy for me and my nemesis, the 17 bus. Downstairs it has a nice bar with the usual sofa-ish mix of furniture and big windows. Troff sells some good stuff, some mainstream and thankfully, cask beer - like most such bars in Manchester - though it isn't right up there on the beer front, being more a solid, dependable venue which attracts a good crowd. I've been there with Tyson and had some excellent beer and been there when we have had to retreat as nothing appealed.
Because Umno kills off its own leaders. They see anyone with potential, willingness to serve and (with) ambition, they kill them off.
When the previous administrator left, the second generation Santa Monica civil servant found himself with a funeral director license managing the cemetery. It’s been an enlightening experience, he said.
One of the main reasons why Americans give much, much more to charity than any other country is that they enjoy tax benefits from doing so. But, as the Chief Executive of the Charities Aid Foundation points out, this is not a tax dodge. It is genuine philanthropy.
Things are often funnier after I drink. And some funny thoughts came to me as we drank our beers. I doodled them down and realized that no amount of written word would make for a better review from me. So here is my roundtable review in doodle form.
1.Learn To Become Objective
What we want to do is just be the contact people to get everyone more involved in the goodness of the blogging-expats and their readers' cultures. It's all for fun.
Schedule: 9-17; closed monday
A There is no legal right to be paid for time off from your employer for volunteering, however your employer may allow you special leave with or without pay, or you may wish to take paid annual leave.
PELVIC FLOOR
I hope that you are enjoying the info and can be a better baker by understanding the entire process of making the perfect croissant. You can do it at home even if I use professional equipment, I can help you to recreate what you need using what you have on hand.
We went on to Swamp, the little village near Pevensey, and there called on Mrs Keswa, who had been a leader of the Liberal Party around there. We first saw the old granny, who went off to call her daughter Emily. They were Anglicans. We gave them copies of the Message and explained it to them. The young Mrs Keswa said she had been kicked out of the church, because she had started practising as an isangoma, which is why she now goes around with no shoes on. She had always had these powers, she said, but now her grandfather and grandmother (who are both dead) have told her to use them, and she even helps white people. And even though she had been kicked out of the church, she still believed, and they seem quite willing to distribute the Message. and call meetings to discuss it.
Here are my lists of favorite albums of 2011. As is my usual custom, I've broken this down into several categories, as I'm just not comfortable ranking unlike entities on one list.
And the devil, man, no, he don’t stand a chance,
It would seem that the majority of the trouble had been during the late afternoon, that it hadn't left the city centre and had stayed within the ring road. http://www.expressandstar.com/news/2011/08/10/223338/
Just like heart-healthy diets, red meat and animal fats are discouraged for prostate well-being. Healthy protein can be attained from a variety of delicious sources, including amaranth, beans, buckwheat, kamut, lentils, quinoa, split peas, tempeh, and seitan.
1 slight
Bluebelle grinned and said to Harriet, "I guess being little isn't as bad as I thought."
More information about the mass arrests:
But there's not so much good stuff around, is there? Maybe that's why I'm so much in love with spanko art. With so many photos out there it's harder and harder for something to leap out at you, but a great piece of art - a Stanton, a Malteste, a Jim Black or whatever - nearly always makes the connection.
The attack comes just days after 18 year old Ernest Hoon was shot dead in bed at his parents home.
Friends, we are forced to enter this unequal war against the State government, their pampered profiteers, against the false propaganda by the police and some media, only for our survival’s sake. For the sake of a roof over our head. But however unequal this war is, however much they try to beat us, we have been winning. That is why they have come back to beat us again. They are making failed attempts to get some of the government favoured fake intellectuals riled against us. Any kind of resistance is being labeled as “Maoist” to gather legal sanctity to repress it.
Not surprisingly, the poll on minimum alcohol pricing resulted in a large majority against, with 80% of respondents opposing the plan. I wonder whether the 11 who voted “Yes” fell into the category of CAMRA members who believe hiking the price of multipacks of Stella in Tesco will somehow bring drinkers flooding back into pubs.
And, finally, a "Baby Blessing Ring" for holding all the cards from the shower as a special memento. (This is actually the one I made for Kelly as I forgot to take a photo of Dana's but hers is very similar. I also added the vintage postcards that I mentioned above to this with the cards since there were so few.)
The book is called "A Mother's Heart Knows" and on the outside it's a tiny little book....on the inside....not so tiny. "A Mother's Heart Knows" is a gift book. You know, one of those little books that you give to someone to let them know that you love them and care about them, and they, in turn, display it on a side table, or shelf and look through it every now and then and smile and think of you....at least that's how I normally see these books.
Nowadays, allusion to the genius loci is a customary, if occasionally tiresome event in decorating, but it has an august history. If it began with Victoria and Albert spreading acres of tartan over the floors of their newly remodeled pile in the Cairngorms, I don't know, but it sure do go back a long way. Even more commonplace is allusion to the spirit of genius ibi - be it a Provençal mas in the suburbs of Texas, a Gustavian slott in Florida or an Umbrian studiolo in Hell's Kitchen - for, seemingly, somewhere else is more attractive than right here, right now - and it's an odd phenomenon.
Blouse Pattern - Bust 40" - so hopefully no FBA adjustment needed (yay!)
"In 1961, I was the luckiest damn kid on my block — or maybe any block. My father worked at home. Everyone else’s dad had to drive into Queens or Brooklyn or take the train into Manhattan. And it was not some boring, old desk job; my father was Jack Kirby, the King of Comics, and — though his humble personality would have him cringing to hear this — he is regarded as the greatest comic book artist and creator – ever."
So, in all seriousness, I love you. I love this blog!
About 5 tablespoons of mix are equal to 1 1¼-ounce package
Shoes – you don’t need wide fitting shoes. I suppose I should count myself lucky that I can wear any type of shoes because I was blessed with my father’s thin ankles and thin feet. Here they are!
The second-half brings few obvious signs of improvement. Comrades then bring on a beanpole midfielder, who opens the scoring with fifteen minutes left. Various opportunities to clear our lines are missed, and the Comrades substitute, who had run from deep, hooks the ball well over Jones' head. By this time, we too had made both of our substitutions - bringing on Paul Andrews and Daniel Esfandiari - and reverting to a back three of Kristian Hewitt, Ryan Hurst and Dan Allen. Despite the change of both personnel and formation, an equaliser seems unlikely. The game is stretched, we looked tired and defeat seems inevitable.
Rubber Duckie, I'm awfully fond of you;
when children spent hours on end
Your hands, your words, and your intentions
The Editors
For comparison, let’s look at the intensifier really. You can use really to intensify a predicative adjective (i.e., an adjective that comes after the linking verb be), as in
The best is yet to come. Pinterest board about my "Create Space" have kept me nurtured and focused, but at last, I'm getting started! Yeah!!! On your mark, get set, GO!
Prior to my birth:
After eight years working on it, Thomas de Wesselow could go on and on into infinite detail, far too much to take on board at one sitting. Yet for every answer – or “new way of understanding” as he prefers to put it — another question inevitably arises.
Peter Morgan Goodrich, 33, Sudbury, Mass.
I hasten to add that not all micro-distillers are this way. There are some terrific people running small distilleries, people who do things the right way, who are steeped in both the science and the history, and who work their asses off. It has been a pleasure for me to get to know many of them. The poseurs, we reassure ourselves, will surely wash out and go away in time.
YOU NEED PATIENCE to make them :)
Happy party time.
Bomboniere (favors)
So, I've come across some genius ideas here lately and felt an urge to make and share them. Anything that makes life simpler I am all on board for. Over the next couple weeks I'll add some other homemade mixes I've tried also, all of these have made making supper or any meal a much easier task. I actually enjoy prepping and making food now that I have all these cheats!
Listened to the melody and words so often and here Willem sat, holding it, hugging it.
It is like going to hairdresser for a haircut and coming away with advice on how to style your new hair and no cut.
His Cleopatra is quite a departure from his usual type.
Frank: International treaty, all skeletons come from India.
Pretty easy, right?!
peering out the window
Sun gets the most of my attention; Zhang is laconic and somewhat low-key but he has a vicious side that reminds me of a cobra. Sun gives him that sense that something dark and nasty hides just below the surface. Playing a man who is dangerous is a difficult proposition; doing it without giving much away emotionally is even harder but Sun pulls it off.
As a teenager, Sahm joined a band that performed blues music, mostly at black R&B clubs in San Antonio. He also got to know a number of Mexican-American musicians.
And then to make things worse, when I came home and read about the Disney half marathon (and most half marathons) I realized that there are strict time limits and if you don’t hit a mile marker every 13 minutes, you’re out of there – eliminated and bussed to the finish line, thanks for trying ma’am.
How have you learnt to overcome the falls--not just as a writer, but in any part of your life?
We signed up for a broadband bundle with them in January and have had shambolic service from them since. We're moving house on Saturday and I've been determined to take this opportunity to kick them to the kerb. They wanted a pay-off as we'd be breaking our contract with them. They couldn't decide on an appropriate fee, so I decided that they shouldn't impose one at all. And I finally got them to agree.
It took me a while to get into Zola Jesus, but this one reminds me a lot of Madonna’s Frozen, and not just the video. It has a whole Dead Can Dance thing going on too, but in a very accessible way. I like the percussion, particularly towards the end.
Do so and the Malay votes will be won. All else will come in the fullness of time.
Probably my favorite month usually. After all, it starts to get warmer (you know, during normal years when mother nature doesn’t say ‘fuck it’ and make it 85 degrees in February), the world is bright green again, and oh hey — my birthday!
“I didn’t find any other flowers! What does it matter any ways? I’ve kept them soaked in water. And they are pretty enough to be kept on the tables atleast. “
Once everything is ready, you can preheat your oven to 190°/375° and assemble your dish. Lightly oil your large baking dish and mix 1 ladle of your béchamel sauce into your meat mix and 3 ladles into your drained pasta. Add enough sauce to coat the bottom of your dish and then add 1/2 of your noodles. Follow with 1/2 of your meat and then repeat with remaining noodles and sauce. Top with the remaining béchamel sauce and grated cheese. Bake in a hot oven for 45-60 minutes. You want your edges to be bubbly and the cheese to be golden brown. Rest at least 30 minutes before serving to help set-up and make easier to dish out and hold form!!!
Common noisy plumbing problems include unsecured water supply pipes, expanding and contracting pipes or common water hammers, Hawes and Wilson added.
One of our wonderful readers who left a comment suggested Our Lady of Perpetual Help. I couldn't agree more. For me, she is the soft place to land when life pushes your to your wits end. You know that saying that God doesn't give you anything you can't handle? I don't believe that. Whoever said that just made up something that sounded good. Life kills people all the time. PTSD, anyone?
I hope you have something good planned for the weekend too
1 forge
$0.30 off Refrigerated Pillsbury Grands! Biscuit
1) Set up Facebook and Twitter accounts and use them: Some experts suggest tweeting eight times a day. If you take the time to create a Facebook Fan page, make sure you engage your constituents in discussions in addition to posting updates and links to articles.
Today I read this in Holly Lisle's "Mugging the Muse" e-book, which eloquently explains the nebulous musings wandering around in my brain:
It is pertinent to equally let you know that all legal angles has been carefully examined before I contacted you,so that both parties can be legally protected.You must not entertain any fear, as this transaction is going to be legally documented in your name at the Malaysia high court. All the formal documentation of this fund in your name will be done with the court here in Malaysia where this fund is lodged.
i am taking
Add Images as new Layers
When you eat like a nutritarian "salad is the main dish". I eat salad at least once or twice every day, and I have to keep coming up with new salad recipes, or I get bored! Here's another healthy, nutritarian-style salad I've been enjoying lately: Mango & Grape Tomato Salad.
Mr Young and I are country mice, on our way to be capital city mice today. Privately, so near to Christmas, I can’t help thinking this is likely to by Death by Oxford Street; a few swift blows to the kidneys by designer-clad elbows and then trampled on by Jimmy Choos once I’m down.
Dishes are clean, burnt lightbulbs are changed, and the laundry is finished. I may now blog in peace.
but the boys and I did get out to do a few fun things
One reason I have become more comfortable with admitting this struggle lately is that I have come to see it as a grace in my life. In the midst of my doubt, I actually find myself being drawn closer to God and exercising faith in the midst of doubt. The paradox is that doubt seems to somehow strengthen my faith. As many have said, when God seems most absent from us He is often doing His most important work in us.
2. Upon proof of claim that you know what a ‘person’ actually is, legally speaking.
1/22: P4 @ 195.7
What’s all this then? Another tale?
get the jingle out of our heads. Apologies to those readers who find the stinky, slinky Mustela putorius furo their equal or that Ferrets are worthy of being a domesticated pet. I should add that there was a GOLD MINE of images available featuring COSTUMED Ferrets -JUST SAYING.
Immediately after Thanksgiving, we had a visit from Aaron's dad, our first since he stopped through Utah the year after we were married! Our kids went nuts with excitement showing off for him, and he took it all in stride, pulling them in to show them some of the artworks-in-progress he brought along to work on. One thing that was great about having him around was that he has really jumped on the health-train, and had tons of great tips to help us make healthier meals and add more movement into our days. He slipped out for a walk or run through our beautiful neighborhood at least once a day, a reminder to us to do the same more often, even after the weather gets cooler, and he had lots of great ideas for salads to keep in the refrigerator. Aaron had also gotten tickets for all of us to go see the Nutcracker in a nearby town (there's a production here in the city as well, but this was a chance to see something new), and we packed up and drove about an hour in our still-newish van, cranking up the family videos that we have decided will be our primary trip-media. It was so fun watching/listening to our Christmas preparations from three years ago as we prepared for this holiday season! The only sad part about his visit was that Aaron had to work quite a lot during it, but the payoff for that came when Grandpa Jerry got to come with us to see Aaron's holiday concert at IPFW, a really fun and entertaining concert that was broadcast live on our local PBS station.
My husband travels a lot. He collects toiletries and various sundries from the hotel rooms and suites in which he stays. He’s stayed at suites with kitchenettes quite a bit lately, and brings back his used and unused dish detergents. He lines them up on our kitchen windowsill.
However, today I was lucky enough to find a branch in Siam Square in a newly opened mall called Siamkit Building (earlier thought the building name is Benjakiti) just in front of Novotel Hotel at Siam Square.
Of course it didn't go without a slight problem. Nothing is ever straight forward at Chez Sunshine.
It’s 17 degrees here today in Atlanta, and feels like 2. We can’t get our cars up our steep driveway because it’s covered in ice. My camera (always sketchy) froze on yesterday’s date. And all across the country, there have been record snowfalls and freezes. Brrrrrrrrrr!
Why do Muslims hate the West? Despite the fact that there are more than a billion Muslims in the world, they believe they are under attack. Defending Islam is their number one concern. They also believe they must impose an Islamic caliphate on the entire world
Or Uncle Ken will poke your ass deep deep with a 3 metre long billiard cue, yeah, all you suckers, I am now an elder too.. Don’t play play.
Increase my courage, Lord!
It was messy but I know of a few things I'll do differently next time. Yes, I said next time because I'm no longer afraid of making bread, yay!
Then the chief priests and the elders of the people assembled in the palace of the high priest, who was called Caiaphas, (Matthews 26:3)
I guess we need to go back and read that first post of ours: Writing is hard. Writing is incredibly hard. But you know what, Internet audience? It doesn't matter.
just pain
Mineral oil is something you’ll want to steer clear of if you can! It’s hard, because many companies, even the prestige brands, use mineral oil as a filler so they can use less of the actual product and fill their container. There are a lot of debates on if mineral oil is actually damaging or harmful to you or your skin. I can only speak on my personal research and results, which have been that anytime a skin care product has mineral oil in it, my skin actually gets worse. Heres why….
I was in shock, dumbfounded, I thought she was joking, how could she think they were not cute?
Shimon the Just was one of the last survivors of the Great Assembly. He used to say: On three things the world stands: on the Torah, on the Service of G-D, and on acts of merciful benevolence.
I am an American Soldier.
Growing up, I admired the pages of the decorating magazines my mom would bring into the house from time to time. I remember when Country Living magazine was all about “homespun”, and I watched their progression throughout the years with anticipation and delight. Right out of highschool, I paid for my first subscription of House Beautiful. Little did I know, that would be just the beginning of a burgeoning collection.
Last week, one of our friends dropped by to invite us to a Christmas party (later this afternoon). I was in my recliner, working on John’s socks, when Mike said he wanted to commission me to knit him a toque… a watch cap. I asked him what colour he wanted it, knowing the answer before it was even out of his mouth. Black. I showed him John’s cap and Mike deemed it exactly what he was looking for. He tried it on, asking what was front or back. I explained that, because it was knitted in the round, in one piece, there were no seams and, therefore, no front or back, right way or wrong way. He was impressed.
The best think about Clipix is that I can customize the privacy of each board I create so that I control who sees them. I have a few that are private, that only I can see, and I've got a few that I share. It really makes me feel great that I can organize and visually Clip information I want to come back to, and that I can control who sees my clips.
Plain flour- 1/2 cup
The boardroom doors were thrown open by a man in a hurry.
ICE Chief in South Florida Charged in Child-Porn Case
Now onto this week's challenge:
Did the structure outlive it's usefulness?
Kanu sold another of
He claimed the creature was about 15-20ft long with a little head and two small humps following in its wake. "It was like a giant eel."
Imagine being the doctor after
Does age make humans wiser? I’ve been pondering this question after reading about Sheila Vogel, an 82-year-old prostitute who shot to fame after being outed as the grandmother of a talent-show contestant. Her silly granddaughter claimed to be “absolutely devastated”, even though it could hardly have been news to her. She ought to have said that she was proud to have a grandmother whom men would pay for sex. There are times in life when the only honourable option is brazen defiance.
Information for this article is available at:
Flourless Orange and Almond Cake (gluten free)
thanks to everyone that's playing the 'what does dot look like game' on twitter. it's not a very good game, but it amuses me and i'm going to be blogging about it soon - the whole perception/reality, fat/thin issue you know...
Round 3: Ch 3. *2 dc in next dc, dc in next dc, repeat from * around. (30 dc) Join to top ch of ch 3.
“Best pizza ever! I grew up in the valley and there is no where here in south florida to get pizza like that.” (Ft. Lauderdale, FL)
I'm not telling you this story so you can think I'm some sort of hero, 'cause I'm not.
The second inaccuracy is the continued assertion that Chindamo was still considered a threat back in 2007, not just repeated in the Sun's article and its leader comment, but also in the Telegraph. It's true that in the Home Office's submission to the immigration tribunal it says that "the appellant’s crime is of such severity that he will always continue to be a threat to the community such that his release on licence would be on the basis that he might be recalled to prison at any moment for any breach of his conditions". This however is the regime which all those sentenced to life in prison find themselves under when they are released on parole; they are on licence for the rest of their lives and any breach of their conditions, if considered serious enough, results in their instant return to prison. The other parts of the paragraph which are less willingly recalled directly contradict the claim that he still poses a threat:In the revised reasons for deportation letter it is noted that it is unlikely that the appellant will re-offend, and that he accepts his responsibility for his offences and has undertaken courses for anger management
Thank you to everyone who entered! Please keep following and commenting - I always have giveaways in the works! Right now there is a custom, personalized ribbon giveaway over at Royal Ribbons! Please enter over there and spread the word!
Chris, this one's for you, bro.
Morning Edit is an inspiring online ‘home’ for design-lovers, object-hoarders, print-admirers and for anyone who obsesses over even the tiniest of interior objects. So that’s you and us, guys!
The materials used:
Words fail me… but perhaps Rooney has a case.
Please pray for Beau and Jessica as they go through this ordeal. It will be a long 6 months but Beau is strong and facing this with a positive attitude.
Jonas is also a betrayer. He was not unfaithful to Anna, no, he betrayed his mother. He was thirteen years when it started:
I am sad, MichelleM. I am very, very sad.
My son and I went to visit my in-laws March 18th at their home, I think my sis-in-law was there too. My in-laws were both at home now, but neither doing very well. I was dreading seeing them, things had changed so much when we separated, but now even moreso somehow. It wasn’t any one specific thing, might only have been my own thought processes, but I felt it was different. It wasn’t as relaxed as it once was and I was on guard not to say anything that I shouldn’t in case it upset them.
As reported in the Simply-docs blog entry of 25th April 2012, a new cookie law is coming into force on 26th May 2012, in the form of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011. Website owners will be required to gain permission from the users of the website before deploying cookies – a change which will affect the majority of commercial websites.
Garlic- 10 cloves, peeled and finely chopped
After that I think I’d toss a few bones to The Boys and some other friends who are in quasi-dire straits in the cash department. In an effort to avoid divulging who would get how much—I don’t wanna play favorites here—I won’t mention names or individual amounts. All-in-all, I think I’d earmark roughly another $100,000 for helping out my peeps; again, operating under the assumption that they’d all toss a few bones my way if the situation were reversed.
- Querying before your manuscript is ready
NEWS FLASH: Life is not perfect. Sometimes things to wrong. When they’re not too terrible, could we please stop acting as if they are? And when they aren’t anyone’s fault, can we please stop pointing fingers? And, by the by, when there’s no one else to blame, can we please stop blaming parents? — L.
As a part of my responsibilities as a nominee, i must:
Last week (23/4/12) I attended UWE’s E-Books: Experiences and Future Directions Conference. It was a Joint Higher Education and NHS, free of charge event for Library Staff.
I purchased these three items to go in each jar at Wal-Mart ~ Lima Beans, Decor Sand and Decor Rocks!
4.) The shiny black floors
The day after I quit she posted an ad on care.com offering $5 to $10 an hour (she won't give you over $5), she will pay under the table just like me I promise, and the ad is by T. L. the zip code to look her up is 45226, and she is asking for care for her 13-month-old twins. I reported her to the care.com staff because I don't want this to happen to another nanny. I will say the babies were LOVELY amazing perfect little babies, but nobody deserves that abuse from the parents. Thank you for considering posting my story. I never want another person to go through what I went through. - M. R.
Preheat the oven to 350 F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Great Divide Brewing Company Hades Ale
So you said you'd write her a thriller...
http://www.ribenaroom.com/ Ciara has a FAB Craft room that we would all love! And her talent as a card maker is second to none! Go visit this Craft space for a wealth of talent & craft room storage ideas too!
So Joshua said, “Roll large stones against the mouth of the cave, and set men by it to guard them. And do not stay there yourselves, but pursue your enemies, and attack their rear guard. Do not allow them to enter their cities, for the Lord your God has delivered them into your hand.”
Cyd Charisse has moved from San Francisco to New York where she stays in her bio-brother Danny’s apartment, looking for the perfect coffee, the perfect cupcake, only maybe a good culinary school (her mother’s plan, not hers!), but above all a way to deal with the whole Shrimp situation. Cyd said no to Shrimp’s marriage proposal at the end of Shrimp, and both of them decided on a clean break, with Shrimp being off to New Zealand, surfing and writing haiku, and Cyd in New York in search of some serious caffeination. When CC finally feels she’s on the right track, Shrimp turns up at her doorstep.
Goodbye to boring calculations,
Breakfast: three scrambled eggs, refried beans, mixed veggies, four turkey “bacon”, Monster, AGG
Once again it was great hanging with old friends during the weekend like Drew and Gary, Chuck and Dave along with new friends Shawn and his girlfriend , Kyle and the Awesome Bomb Radio team just to name a few. A big thanks you to TNA’ and Bob Ryder for his kindness as well.
Then there is Kanin (dreamy-sigh) who is perfect in every way possible. (You might have guessed that I am just a tad obsessed with him…just a tiny little bit) I think Kanin might have destroyed me for every other male literary character. He is charming, wise, strong, and fair. He is almost a mentor to Alison and their relationship is where a lot of the light-hearted moments come in to play, but also some of the heavier moments to.
2. The universe hates me. My best friend; Monica can attest to that.
Jean Arthur Easy Living
Cut bacon strips in half to make two shorter pieces of each.
How do you get a table at a notoriously overcrowded New York restaurant? Bribe the maitre d’.
Current specials as at August 8, 2011
direct its progress,
Now to curl the petals.
to travel that way
Recommended for fans of heavier themes and lifelong vengeance quests anchored by strong dramatic performances; bonus for K-drama fans who want to dive into J-dramas.
And her reply:
The Snow Child by Eowyn Ivey
58 your
What purpose do Awards serve? President Obama in receiving the Peace Prize was controversial because he did not fit the profile of what we think of when we think of Awards – past achievements, a proven role model for success in the field and beacon to others to highlight past unsung work. For their abilities. Obama fits none of these in the field of peace – yet. He has not proven any abilities yet.
He did say that he would delete the emails and blah blah blah…Thank God Alejandro seemed like a nice gay guy.
Vancouver, British Columbia
To tell you the truth I will be glad when this week is over , Mr Sweetpea has been on a late shift, we have had college and the usual clubs plus little Sweetpea has been a bit full on and not wanting to go to bed until 9pm - I am shattered!
Formulas:
Spam hit the Wordpress site almost as soon as I put it up. The first-comment-approval system catches all of it, other than the bits the spam-filter takes away. Spam is platform-independent unfortunately, no matter where you go, the spammers follow. I'll keep an eye on the Wordpress spam filter in case it gets over-zealous!
Cravings? Subway (right now I have to stick to chicken or veggie...can't wait for turkey!), fruit, yogurt
piece yet. lol. We got this piece from his parents many years ago. They had it in a shop that
The chips are distributed evenly amongst players. Any chips that are left over should be placed in the volcano. You place the volcano in the center of the table or playing area. Each player takes a turn and bounces the ball, ultimately hoping to get it into the volcano. If you miss your shot, you need to place once of your chips inside the volcano. If the ball lands in the volcano, you can take out the chips that are inside the volcano and hold on to them. The game ends when someone has obtained all the chips.
italics or underline). We acknowledge receipt and
The result is I feel this place makes me feel so much better. I think it makes me a better person and for that I thank my little birdies and nature buddies.
3 cups 1/2 inch cubed sourdough bread, crusts removed and dried overnight
Farmworkers carry so many burdens, including increased risk of cancer. The good news is that the risk of many of the types of cancers can be mitigated. Pesticide safety, regular screening procedures, healthy diets, and regular doctor’s visits could potentially prevent many of these cancers. General education about these cancers and their symptoms is crucial to prevent unnecessary deaths in the farmworker community. Please visit our page on the AFOP website for more information on farmworker health and safety.
Feeling rather confident after the initial screenplay results, I dusted off the first novel I ever wrote, the one that had been rejected by all the major publishers. To me it was a blessing in disguise to wait a year and a half before reviewing this novel once again. A blessing because…anyone who studies the craft of writing understands that you only get better with time and practice, so to revise that novel with fresh eyes after all the things I’d learned was the right approach. This book, “Year of the Chick” has been out now for over five months, and as it slowly finds its audience, the response has been incredible. It never gets old to read a new person’s reaction on my Facebook author page, and every time that happens, I think about how that NEVER would’ve happened, if I’d kept on waiting and hoping for a traditional publisher to pick me. And THAT…is glorious feeling number two .
Worldly Desires, Apichatong Weerasethakul, Thailand. Experimental, 43 min.
It seems to be a matter of being honest with ourselves about what we value most (like safety vs challenge) and the stuff we can't change (like hard wiring and height) and then working the details around the edges.
1. I am 40 and loving it.
During the 1st trimester -You're not sick so don't only consume soup/gator aid/Popsicle's! In the beginning I kept treating my morning sickness as if it was a cold. haha all I wanted was soup and all that did was make me more nauseous. Its just morning sickness try eating those preggie pops or ginger to calm it down, eat light meals.
If you are looking to purchase a stair lift and are worried about getting one to fit because you have a curved, odd shaped staircase or multiple landings  dont be! Curved stair lifts are just what you need.
Too Young To Date b/w Every Time I Ask You Out
Your old pal Sausage Fingers was just 'busted' while gauging the sweater puppets
It is Jocelyn Olette Taylor!
Just a couple of guidelines to help things run smoothly.
Fine pointed to one of Facts' greatest battles, the debate over global warming.
07 Myer's Dark
As one of the founders of Heartwood, a regional forest protection network, she was instrumental in the group’s efforts, which resulted in significant protection of the region’s public forests. Among the public woodlands that benefited from her actions was the Hoosier National Forest in southern Indiana. She also served the organization as executive director, in addition to serving in leadership roles in other forest protection organizations, including Protect Our Woods, the Dogwood Alliance and the National Forest Protection Alliance.
The research team, led by Professor Jeremy Henley and Dr Jack Mellor from Bristols Medical School, has identified a protein, known as SUMO, responsible for controlling the chemical processes which reduce or enhance protection mechanisms for nerve cells in the brain.
From Red Hill Brewery on the MOrnington Peninsula. That’s clever isn’t it?!
Life Path 6 Compatibility
How do you practice building relationships? All you have to do is evaluate your current relationships and see where you can implement some of the principles discussed so far. If I asked your friends would they say that you are a good listener? You can also work on developing new relationships. Short or long term relationships can be developed every day. Where do you get your coffee in the morning? Do you know the name of the person who gets it for you? What about the receptionist at work? What do you know about her?
MOM: What?
This is the cake that I made last weekend (the Weekend of the Two Chocolate Cakes) and was the second of two that I attacked. At first, I thought I'd finish them both by 5:00 (the time the potluck party started--the one where I said I'd bring cake whether the hostess liked iti or not), but this little baby wasn't frosted at 5:00, and I was already committed to the raspberry cake anyway. This one was going to have to wait for Monday, when it would go into the office to feed some lawyers.
We want to remind you that we are a vintage, shabby chic or primitive challenge blog and when you enter one of our challenges, your creation must fit one of those styles in addition to following the weekly theme.
The package comes back, unopened. There is a note with it:
What makes it even worse is that nothing is established or foreshadowed or even introduced properly. (Conor certainly isn’t, which is part of the reason it’s very difficult to like him. The fact he’s incapable of telling an actually funny joke is another part.) For instance, Conor and his father are rescued by his mother shortly after their arrival in Tir Na Nog, which stuns Conor, since he’s been told his mother is dead since he was a little boy. But when does Lenahan introduce this fact? Right after she rescues him, which removes any impact the event might have had. This is essentially how the whole novel goes, to a frustrating degree. Conversations that introduce important things—like, oh, the plan for storming the castle—are referenced on the spot as if Conor has really, really poor short-term memory or is just really, really bad at telling stories. Plot points are brought up as afterthought, which means that even when the novel tries to be serious, it’s incapable of impact. To be completely fair, there are a few spots where Lenahan tries; for instance, Conor has a charm on him that keeps family from murdering him (a very useful trick in Tir Na Nog), which is how he discovers that he and Fergal are distantly related. But for the vast majority of the novel, it feels improvised, and poorly at that. On top of that, a lot of these characters are just… dumb and sometimes inappropriate. Late in the novel, Fergal believes the villain about what happened to his parents—despite the fact that he magically saw the true events some time prior, making him a complete idiot for doing so. Also, Conor ogles his mom twice. And the second time he knows it’s his mom. Yeah. That happens.
Next up was this double bedroom. This is one of the two bedrooms that we began last fall. Our carpenter added white wainscotting to the lower walls below the eaves and textured paintable wallpaper above since these walls were in rough shape and a coat of paint wasn't going to cut it.
The Malaysian Insider made Ramlang Porigi’s startling revelations their top story with a story entitled ‘Anwar campaign undermines Saiful’s Quran oath‘.
I borrowed my mom's Mirro brand Cookie-Pastry Press to make some spritz cookies; about 15 years ago. Periodically I wonder if she ever gets a craving and then curses me for never having returned her press. For the record, I'm usually really good about returning everything I borrow. Well, except for that hot air popcorn popper she loaned me...
My nieces positive feedback
18. It is beyond the time when fear can refuel the dark ones among you who feed on fear energy, or can detour or delay Earth’s ascension journey. However, fear still has a potent role in the destiny of individuals. With unconditional love, we urge you to develop your capacity for discernment and go within for answers. Whether you think of this as reaching your higher self, godself, inner knowing, God Himself or any other designation you may call this “voice,” it is your soul, wherein all truth is known, communicating with your consciousness.
The difference with social media is that it requires trust and autonomy within an organisation. Something often lacking in politically charged environments.
I wrote an entire post about cheese trying to kill me. It’s clear to be now that many of you have also experienced near death at the villanous hands of cheese. When will this horror stop??
“MS so often strikes young women and its unpredictable nature makes it an incredibly difficult disease to live with. We desperately need better ways to tackle the condition.”
I spend way too much time every day thinking about how lucky I am and how cute you are (and you're smart! and make good decisions!). Your dad is head over heels for you and when you smile at him after waking up in the morning it makes his entire day.
Secret Knowledge or Deception a Go-Go?
What is worse is that torture in a few of these films is treated like a game. The torturer is the self-appointed master and rule-maker. Games of death. He does it with relish. In Final Destination fate runs the game and delivers inventive death to squirming laughter. It's just play-acting but these atrocities are framed in the same way we frame our visits to the cinema and the same way we interact with
Can wives really be “Molly Maids in the house, Marilyn Monroes in the bedroom and Martha Stewarts in the kitchen” while balancing a career and personal life?
I caught the writing bug when I was ten, when I joined an essay writing contest. The topic was: “Where did you spend summer and what did you do?”
Watching Usman negotiate the crowd from the backseat and the quiet dignity he brought to the ethos of the street I could well imagine the ‘going away’ of a certain stolidity his generation brought to the city, bringing their ‘shades of grey’ to populate the black and white.
Of course the Congressional Budget Office chimed in. Mark Steyn reminded us that the CBO are “the same nonpartisan bean-counters who project that the entire U.S. economy will cease to exist in 2027.” They predict that “Obama’s Buffett Rule will raise…$3.2 billion per year. Or what the United States government currently borrows every 17 hours. So in 514 years it will have raised enough additional revenue to pay off the 2011 federal budget deficit. If you want to mark it on your calendar, 514 years is the year 2526.”
In Rabelais, there is much revelry, excess, and corruption. He who feasts, defecates. The grotesque body, in such a society, is one that emits and one which is porous to the world around it. So here we have Bottom Dog and his companion, navigating the copiously developed, seemingly lush Floridian landscape. What they are really traversing may be the over-fished, deforested, gentrified mirage of a southern state where the wetlands dry up and the coasts erode.
Me (the librarian): Can I help you find something?
And Then the Voices Come… Like Bees In My Head… They Will Not Relent
I considered doing nothing but that just felt wrong!
: The allegations can be explained. Just wait for the Defense.- 54.63%
Then he stepped away and gawked at her nakedness. Katarina watched him out of the corner of her eye. His mouth gaped open, saliva forming in the hollows of his lips in preparation for an all-out invasion. Katarina could feel his gaze focused on her rear, on the delicate flesh of her womanhood that glistened in the early morning sunlight.
Maybe you don't find this expensive beer thing worrying at all? Is gueuze and lambic a special case?
333: Saison des Fagnes, a beer I like, golden and creamy, 5.5%
God knew what was in store for all, when they went ashore and Paul could rest assured that it would all work together for good. As he wrote in 2 Timothy 1:12, “I know whom I have believed and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I’ve committed unto him against that day.” What God wills, He is able to perform.
The shop was sparsly decorated, the only decoration needed is indeed the beutiful vibrant, gem colors of many tweed suits in pastels, whites, blues,pinks and red.
Annie- Annie tells Naomi that her & Caleb haven’t kissed since their last make-out session in the rain, and that they agreed they wouldn’t do it again until he knew he was ready. Annie also tells her that they hang out in public to avoid temptation and have a date planned in the park today. While Annie & Caleb are on their date, they run into a nun that Caleb knows. Caleb tells Annie he has to make a decision. Caleb later goes over to Annie’s to apologize for putting her through his decision nightmare. After he talks about how Annie’s making him confused, he goes in to kiss her. Annie asks if he’s sure, and Austin says he’s not and he doesn’t care about the consequences. The two then kiss and we next see them in bed. Later, Austin comes by and asks Annie to talk to Ade for him and convince him he’s a good guy. Annie’s apprehensive and tells him that his can of worms includes her, and that she doesn’t want everyone to know she used to be a prostitute. She then heads to the staircase and sees Caleb. That, of course, means Caleb heard everything.
It's amusing now to think back to the 1960s and early 1970s when there was so much talk about replacing teachers with televised learning, computers and programmed learning systems. I remember reading articles titled, "Will teachers become obsolete?" Times have changed! We now know that the classroom teacher has even more impact on student achievement than we ever imagined.
“Just like Agincourt, Waterloo or Verdun, Dien Bien Phu became a symbol for France, a doomed, heroic effort that captured the world’s imagination, but not the Western Powers sympathy…”.
If you see anyone waving to us from your window, we would be glad if you could participate and wave back to them.
My cab driver is a happy Sikh he has 5 children. He tells me is a needy man and so must work all the time.
“So we have to sift through the information we have and try to come to understand what has happened and take what lessons there are to be learnt.
Notes: It was surprisingly difficult to find a coffee joint that had soy milk. I mean honestly, I was surprised. Soy milk is on its way to surpassing dairy milk sales (someday people, its gonna happen). There’s plenty of little coffee carts and restaurants that sell coffee, I mean, they have to… have mercy on the parents of small children at Disneyland. However, none of these offered soy milk/soy lattes/coffee with soy/no. No soy for you. I’ll just torture you with the promise of coffee … let me just dangle the coffee in front of your face like a cat toy … Oh what’s that? You don’t like black coffee and you don’t like the exploitation of mother cows? Sorry!
Thanks for the Mars answer. That's exactly what I was looking for. On that one: from my years of experience half-watching the Science Channel, I learned that we still have an atmosphere because of the magnetosphere deflecting solar winds that would otherwise strip it away. Is that entirely erroneous, or how do the lack of geological replenishment and the lack of magnetic protection compare in the care and feeding of an atmosphere?Well, that too is important, but only to an extent. The magnetosphere shields us from charged particles - such as energetic protons and electrons emitted in solar flares - but can't do anything about the uncharged ones like energetic photons. Sputtering will certainly happen faster without a magnetosphere, but extreme UV can still get in and do its worst.
We've been advised that the boffins are working hard to solve the problem (all I could suggest was switching it off and then switching it back on again, but I think they tried that one last Tuesday).
I mean, yes, work is very busy. I've been working the same hours as usual, but they seem to be very exhausting hours that require a lot of energy and concentration. But, I've always had a demanding job.
James Hallawell (keyboards)
First, you will need pure acetone. I bought a bottle from Sally's for less than $5 and it will last for a long time!
After I was left holding a pile of lost dreams, I had a few choices to make. What I kept hearing was that I was not good enough, that my voice did not matter enough. But I know better.
"Reverend Mother always says when the Lord closes a door, somewhere he opens a window"
Editor’s Note: Parasol’s has changed ownership as of 2010 and is no longer a dive and the food is even better. Check out my updated writeup here.
Great sadness has come to our house. Yesterday, April 30th, we unexpectedly lost our Wonderdog. She died suddenly of congestive heart failure. We didn't even know she had it. Never sick, never slowed down. She had been occasionally doing this funny little breathing thing almost like an asthma attack and then she would be fine. I had her to the Vet in January and he listened to her lungs and heart and said 'just old dog's lungs'. Of course she didn't do the breathing thing in his office.
Before 3121, this was considered his comeback album, the one that made him a household name again. More soul than pop, it reached number five in the US, a charting Prince hadn’t seen in years.
He knew how much her beliefs were ingrained into her, and he didn’t want to upset her. She wasn’t ready for this…yet. But Suzanne’s curiosity was getting the better of her.
Isn’t it a lovely ride
We are responsible for our actions. We must make a conscious decision to not simply react or behave in a way that just feels good for the moment. We need to weigh the choices so both our actions and our communication serve to enhance our relationships rather than destroy them. The only time it is beneficial to ignore negative behavior is when you are dealing with someone who is giving you the silent treatment. The same technique works on children, friends and co-workers. First, tell them you are totally aware of their attempts to get even with you for some “injustice.” Then go about your business and just let them sulk until they decide to deal with the problem in a more mature, assertive way. You will be okay.
We’re having an outdoor wedding, a barbecue reception, and it’s all at my parents home. The wedding is in the front yard and the reception will be in the back yard. So long dresses aren’t a smart idea. Thus began my research into bridesmaid dresses. So what did I come up with?
299 7. “Crisis and Continuity in the Clinton Presidency.” Public Interest Law Reporter, Loyola University of Chicago School of Law, July 1998, pp. 1-7. (Sources: Item D-II/27/1998, below, Item C-1998(5), above.)
What does it mean to be scientific? Why do we say that some things are scientific, and others are not? The traditional definition is that a scientific hypothesis must be falsifiable, meaning that it must be testable, subject to disproof via investigation.
my chicken before it has hatched.
That greatest of the great tolerated my horribly familiar attitude.
As you’d think the dish would be done as it goes in the oven, wait, there’s more work yet! It’s time to brown-braise onions and brown the mushrooms.
SHEFFIELD
I do not understand how people who (ostensibly) passed medical school cannot wrap their heads around this simple concept, but we have got to make this stop.
She hesitated just briefly before responding. "You sound disoriented," she told him.
You surround me with joyous songs of salvation. Selah
About my son Brayden playing baseball this past summer. He's such an active little guy it's fun to watch him jump around all excited. When he runs in to home plate, if he's not sliding unnecessarily, he's doing a little jump twist off of it. So fun!
“I can’t.”
Medical Management–with Methotrexate
Time is certainly moving along. This little treasure is already 6 months old. That song "Times they are a-changin'" couldn't be more suitable for him as we named him for one of our favourite singers. Every day brings with it new & exciting developments in his little life already, from almost sitting by himself, to eating like a pig. In many ways he is like his big brother - to look at for one thing & how tall he is seemingly going to be. In many ways he is different too. This boy likes food already. It took a long time for the big boy to be interested in food. DJ is on the move now, rolling about & wiggling from here to there, being determined to get hold of whatever he has set his sights on.
“Those people who could not understand the reality — they began to believe that it is possible to really transform the material bread and wine — into the flesh and blood of Jesus — with special prayers and incantations.
Or would you like to make a fabric covered box to keep you embroidery tools and threads etc. in it
"BF's vent to each other as well. That is, there are situations that we can't change, or have a game plan for, but we simply need someone to blow off steam about it. It feels better to complain about something that frustrates you, even if nothing will really happen as a result of the conversation." "It has nothing to do with fixing, changing, or giving advice."
There is not a moment in my life when I am not in severe pain, even if I’m just sitting, reading. It even breaks through into my dreams, generating amazingly violent dreams – my brain’s attempt to make sense of the pain. It never lets up. DHC moderates it somewhat, making it tolerable. Nothing else has any effect.
The 2010 restructuring wasn’t enough to make the company profitable again. In court papers, Betsey Johnson Chief Financial Officer Jonathan Friedman, blaming the U.S. recession’s effect on “higher-end fashion apparel brands,” said sales at the company’s retail stores have fallen by more than 20% since 2007 and profitability has declined by more than 50%.
1. One (1) layout entry per person.
About Melvin Sparks
Heart racing
I've been meaning to get to this project for months but finally had the perfect excuse. I love how crib and toddler bedding is interchangeable, making the lifetime of things much longer. My daughter recently transferred from a crib to a toddler bed and I was so excited to be able to transfer the bedding along with her.
So from the team at Ras Mbisi, Asante sana and Karibu tena Ras Mbisi xx
In looming masses piled;
At the risk of sounding like my father, it wasn’t that long ago that the worst parents had to fear was catching their kids sneaking a sip of hooch behind the barn. Then we see the use of marijuana increase, and now meth is the drug du jour. Of course, we can’t discount the abuse of prescription pain killers either.
Life has changed so much in a year.
flowing recklessly
BLOSSOMING VISIONS graciously passed this one on to me and I am thrilled because just the award name alone "Lovely Blog" is lovely, much like the gesture :)
2) Losing my way
imminent drop. And we can confirm that while ‘Valtari’ is quite a departure from
Reading this has only scratched the surface of why I hunt. Most of it words can not explain. If you want to better understand why I hunt, why hunters hunt, you will just have to go and experience hunting for yourself. Even then I can't promise you will get it.
“And we’ve got to make sure that we’ve got a tax system that is actually fair. Part of that is something I call the Buffett Rule. It’s very simple: If you are making more than $1 million a year — I’m not saying you have $1 million, I’m saying you’re making $1 million every year — then you shouldn’t pay a lower rate than your secretary. That’s a pretty simple proposition.”
Gorgeous, gorgeous flowers!"
Perhaps the worst thing about the creature was its affinity for children. Its yearn for taking children from their families who henceforth could never hope to see them again. What it did to them, reader, even I do not know, but if I did, I still would not tell you. This is certainly evidence enough for mothers far and wide adamantly refusing their children entry into the forest, it is known that in particular, the creature preyed most preferably upon girls that were reaching the time wherein childhood is but a repressed memory and womanhood a tentative cycle journey away.
Beat in water (or broth), and then chopped parsley.
"Stay a child while you can be a child."
Reuter, E.B., The American Race Problem: A Study of the Negro, Ed. Seba Eldridge. NY: Thomas Y. Crowell, 1927.
It’s only been two weeks since I started training hard for the May 6 5k – but I’ve already shaved off about 5 minutes from my finishing time. I’m aiming for 40 minutes…but we shall see!
Sent: Friday, April 27, 2012 9:04 PM
Chapter 5 - Climate
From the Wall Street Jornal:
Editing is allowed, but think about projects with no dialogue – unless it is voice over of recorded separately. The on board microphones are covered up in a plastic housing.
Not half an hour later, the phone rang again. This time it was TULL L. I answered, but I was warier now. All I said was, "Hello?"
Mdakane, who held the rank of brigadier, was dismissed on December 1 after an internal disciplinary found him guilty.
Editor: “Yeah that makes sense, ‘god is good.’ You know, I also meant to ask… What language are we speaking in right now? It feels very modern.”
If you are unable to make either this or any of my other signings, you can order signed (sometimes even dedicated) copies of both Timeless and Soulless Vil. 1 manga (plus many of my other books) through Borderlands and they will ship to anywhere in the world within reason (plus shipping costs). Calling them is best for specific requests: 888.893.4008
That's where we've been.
The latest health theory, which feels right to me, from my naturopath, is that the virus I picked up last fall went deep into my liver and is hanging out there, flaring up whenever I push myself too much or get too stressed. I can feel it there actually when it flares up, which it's doing again this week. We're on a third set of supplements to try to knock it back. In my search to feel well, I've undertaken a series of rolfing/structural integration bodywork with a highly recommended practitioner in town. She's also an energy worker and has combined the two modalities on me, which has been fascinating. I'm not, by nature, super attuned to energies and more subtle modalities, though I'd like to be. Experiencing emotional releases during some of this work has been eye-opening, to say the least.
What is, however, open to question is why is it happening, who is doing it and what they are actually seeking to achieve.
For the 95% of you who just come here looking for semi-naked pictures of celebrities (and what was up with Tatum O'Neal last month? 2800 hits on one post? Did I miss something?), continue to be disappointed.
One of the things that helped Chuck through, was his hope of the life that existed away from his island. So I want us to dwell for a little bit on the resurrection life that waits for us, away from this little island that we mistakenly call life.
Clara Victorine Hinds, 52, New York, N.Y.
Sätty created many colorful artworks and lithographic prints, and hundreds of black and white collages. During the 1970s many were used as illustrations in both the counter culture and establishment periodicals. He produced two collage books, The Cosmic Bicycle and Time Zone, a pictorial allegory. He created illustrations for the comprehensive treatise, The Annotated Dracula and for The Illustrated Edgar Allen Poe, a book of stories he selected. During the late 1970s until his death in 1982, he produced numerous collages inspired by events in San Francisco’s often dramatic, unruly history, from the Gold Rush to the 1890s. Many of these occasionally bizarre images have recently been published in Visions of Frisco, by Regent Press, Berkeley.
Bad me.
So anyway, half the week was trying to function while in pain and the second half was suddenly trying to grasp that the pain is gone and start living a full life again. Interesting times, no doubt.
E-F = ½” less than C-D
What are you doing with your education?
Stargate (Jeffrey A. Okun and Patrick Tatopoulous)
I needed something to get me past the point of feeling like a broken record, repeating the same sad feelings over and over.
his mind had been a place of mechanical stowage. The arrangement of
Homare Sawa was born on September 6th, 1978 (time of birth unknown) in Fuchū, Tokyo, Japan according to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homare_sawa
Beat egg well and then mix in all other ingredients.
My artist date was my art group this week. I know that's 'wrong' because you're meant to do it alone but I really wanted to do that for my date. I wanted to look at other work and ask questions and be asked and inspired. It was a HUGE hurdle for me and I'm proud of myself. Even if it had been awful I would have been proud.
Unocal – which led a consortium of companies from Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Turkmenistan, Japan and South Korea – has maintained the project is both economically and technically feasible once Afghan stability was secured.
Happy stamping til the next time!
I am so so so grateful that I ran into you on Twitter. I still am trying to wrap my head around all this magic.
I interrupt my China memoir after terrorists have slammed two commercial airliners into the World Trade Center. I have brought this baby to the safe haven of New York City, I think to myself, and now I stand on the roof of St. Francis College in Brooklyn Heights and watch the towers burn across the river. I remember looking across the river Gan in Nanchang (where my daughter was born) and thinking how anything could happen out there, how uncertain life was here and how I couldn’t wait to get back home.
a quilt rack
Vonnegut has chosen Rumfoord as his personal weapon and he punishes Rumfoord's wife for her arrogance, for her pride and her desire to remain untouched. In this analogy Rumfoord's wife is Virgin Mary, but her purity has been reversed into a sin.
Dropped and Chopped is an exhibition of traditional rods and customs between 1946 and 1960. This will be the last week of the exhibit that opened Jan. 22. Visit the California Automobile Museum before these beauties are gone.
Brodsky pressed for the method to determine the discount.
Next I piped on a duckie using yellow frosting for the body, orange frosting for the beak, and brown frosting for the eyes. I filled in the duckie body with a star tip, and used a #3 tip to pipe a swirly design for the wing.
There has also been news of HDB flats reaching the $900,000 mark, and even heartland homes aren’t the low-cost bulwarks they used to be. Until some control is placed on COV, and further cooling measures kick in, housing’s going to keep raising our cost of living.
Lay some fleece, folded in half so you cut two identical (but reversed) pieces at once. Lay your pattern pieces on top and pin them down, making sure the stretch on the fleece is going from side to side not up and down.
With the diminution of political problems in the North the focus of Irish-American communities has now veered more towards culture and celebration of their own individuality.
For someone with a full-time job like myself, I have to say that it’s hard to go cold turkey on processed ingredients. I have to admit that canned tomatoes really make recipes like Chili and lasagna so much easier (Yes, I actually used to blanch, peel and seed dozens of tomatoes before). It may not always be the healthiest choice, considering the high sodium content of processed foods, but I have to admit that it’s not only easier but so much cheaper to pick up a roasted chicken from the grocery store (even higher end ones like Sobey’s) than it is to buy the raw bird and roast it myself. Sure, making roasted chicken is one of the easiest things to do. But buying it and going straight home to eat it (as opposed to seasoning and cooking for over an hour) is not bad when I’ve had to stay late for work.
The latest craze sweeping the bridal industry in the UK could not be more shocking.. Brides are opting to go under the knife and have their noses fixed before they’re big day! To have a Rhinoplasty procedure performed is to go to the very extreme of all aesthetic lengths. It is an invasive surgery and has all the same consequences as other surgeries do. This extreme beauty treatment is one of the more frivolous that I have heard of within the bridal sector. There are others areas of frivolity such as teeth whitening and this usually leads to veneers which are of a great cost. While overall wedding budgets (£10,000) have dropped from the dizzy heights that they were accustomed to pre-recession, the amount brides are spending on reaching the image they deem perfect has increased dramatically. Aesthetics are at the forefront of every brides mind but the question that springs to my mind is ‘How far do you have to go when changing your appearance to finally be happy?’.
making magazines. I also love to travel. My favorite places to visit are
Mary and Paul then remember they’re expecting their real estate agent (who’s helping them buy their dream restaurant) for dinner. With no food in the house, and little time before his arrival, Paul and Mary cook Raoul and serve him for dinner. The last shot of the film is a smiling Paul and Mary in front of their brand new restaurant, with the caption, “Bon Appétit.
There has been talk that FGVH’s market capitalisation could reach as high as RM21bil upon listing, with many of the Felda settlers looking forward to the plans which had received huge coverage in the Bahasa Malaysia dailies.
Clemson
Don’t become overwhelmed by debt. Avoid having unpaid bills and create a shopping list that fits within a good budget to help improve your monthly expenditures. Keep these tips in mind to avoid debt collection calls.
www.flexfokus.com
That’s what I said last night before I went to bed. I was scheduled to work from 6:45am to 12pm.
Chest-thrust – Called Mune-tsuki, this is basically a punch to the torso, targeting the chest, the solar plexus and the abdomen
Anyone wishing to tackle this mountain of meat will need to give at least 24 hours notice and will have to stump up a mighty A$1,500 (€1,100) for the pleasure.
And sorry I again could not type the long post. I promise I will try it the next time!! kasam say!
Here we go…!
1 locked
Another hit: Arm and Hammer toothpaste. Between this and the vitamins, I figured I've saved about $15 and a trip to Target.
For example, in math, basic arithmetic could be Levels I and II, algebra could be Level III or IV, and calculus could be Level X or XI. Similar designations would be made for other subjects.
On my way out from seeing Dr Hill, I bumped into Doctor Couch for the first time in about 18 months. He seemed very happy with my progress, asking if I managed to get below the 90 kilo target weight he had set me. I asked if I looked like I had - a loaded question if there ever was one. He said he thought I was way below that. I said I was and told him what I weighed now and he was thrilled. He was very complimentary. I wanted to hug him for the great deed he did. Placing in the very excellent lap-band which was my savior and my life changer. It doesn't get much better than that.
Ever since seeing Gwyneth in her "perfect running errands" outfit. I have been convinced I need a pair of white jeans. Well really I would like her whole outfit, but lets start with the jeans. Problem is do the perfect pair of white jeans exist? Confession: I have never owned a pair of white jeans before. Crazy, right?? I can't seem to find a pair that is flattering and trust me I have tried on many different brands! We all know white jeans accentuate everything and put it all on display way more than regular jeans. I find most are too see through, don't have enough stretch, are too short, or just plain unflattering.
So what does that mean to us for our daily lives? Well, in Puerto Rico it was easy for people to realize that we cared about them because it was obvious we weren’t from there and we had traveled to be there to help them. While at home we probably don’t stick out very much, we do have another advantage. The advantage is that we don’t just have six days with people. We have the opportunity to be by people and walk life out with them. I encourage you today, remember you don’t have to travel to make a difference; you don’t have to go on a special “mission trip” to make a difference. Every day is a mission trip if you allow it to be. When we walk in the Holy Spirit we can make a difference no matter where we are at. There certainly is never a shortage of people that need someone to care for them. We just have to go, and be there for them. Whether going means going to Puerto Rico, “going” to your campus, or “going” to your job. Show them you care, someone, somewhere, somehow.
and mimicked the austere lines of war
Settle For Nothing by Rage Against the Machine
Enter the daily draw in the South Granville neighbourhood contest via Social Media for a chance to win great gifts for you and your mom from participating South Granville Merchants. South Granville will be giving away great gift packages to one lucky winner every day from May 5-11, 2012 and a Grand Prize Giveaway on Saturday, May 12, 2012, worth over $2,000, all in celebration of Mother’s Day!
Finding of Facts: Respondent very much was parked, period. The photographs taken by the traffic officer showed Respondent’s vehicle parked at 4:37PM, at which point Respondent exited the vehicle. The vehicle remained parked until 4:51PM, at which point Respondent returned to the vehicle and departed. In that span of fourteen (14) minutes, Respondent’s vehicle was parked unattended and, what’s more, there were no vehicles in front of hers, as she claimed. I therefore find Respondent Liable for this citation. Respondent is warned against making this sort of fabricated case in the future.
2:00: Collapsible C is lowered with J. Bruce Ismay on board.
Sometimes you may walk around with a bunch of friends, or grab some food and head for a nice party place. Sometimes you may lock yourself up in your room crying over some stupid small fight with one of your friends, but not realize its just to insignificant to pay attention to. ‘Don’t make a mountain out of a mole hill’. Don’t you hear that from people a lot? Isn’t it the tinniest little talks that make a lot of difference to our perspective and priorities? Why don’t we change that? Why does it always have to be the other way around rather than that which is required?
By the way, I didn't add the thing in the bottom left-hand corner ^^
– MI Chief, Others Charged With Misspending Forfeiture Proceeds
People say "congratulations". "How exciting." "Oh my gosh, in this market?". "You must be thrilled!".
Not long ago I could remember my parents getting mad at me for talking way too much, and eventually leading me to getting in trouble. I always asked honest and to the point questions, never leaving any doubt in people’s minds, what I was asking. I always thought the whole truth was always better, and I still do. But lately I have started to see the light a bit better. What my parents got mad at me about wasn’t what I was asking but rather, it was how I asked, when I asked and who I asked.
I have also seen Willie Mays interviewed and he loves to talk about baseball. He seems like an intelligent and friendly man. If he hates doing memorabilia shows so much, I think he could find a better way to spend his time, plus, no doubt a man of his fame could find other ways to make money. Much like most people would rather remember Willie Mays young and running first to third, losing his hat in a blur rather than the broken down player he was with the Mets, I would much rather remember Willie Mays, the baseball player and not Willie Mays, the retired autograph seller.
Are you currently working on any new novels? If so, could you tell us a little about it?
· Signalizing intersections on Columbia Street south of Union Street.
Open door do
- Removable cargo pod
PROMISES I WILL BE WITH YOU SHORTLY
His writings explain the prayer journey, usually by way of analogy – after all, there are no human words to describe the divine. He wrote about the detachments and purifications needed to begin and continue the ascent up the mountain of prayer, the dark night of the soul, and the joy and fulfillment expressed in the spiritual canticle and the living flame of God’s love. In contemporary terms, these four works by St. John of the Cross talk about “letting go and letting God.” They describe the growing relationship between a human being and God, all occurring within the soul. “Know you not that you are God’s temple and that His Spirit dwells within you.”
Messages No 13
That would be when my friend recently slept with the wrong twin brother.
At which point a sturdy lass, sense dimmed by sleeplessness, trudged into view leaning on a pram and dragging a toddler. Her expression brightened at spotting the lights on green. Technically not green at all, let it be known (indeed I would have welcomed the chance to deliver a quick lecture), but flashing, which meant red for her.
Chicken Teriyaki (Marinated and grilled chicken breast with mixed vegetables)
TBB: If you had to do it all over again, would you change anything in Cut Short?
1/2 tablespoon of sesame oil
Nude platform heels with diamonds – £24.99 in New Look
This herbal tea is available on my website in 2 sizes. Either a 6 pack of single serve bags --OR-- a 2 pack of Large tea pot bags. The tea can be brewed in a basket coffeemaker too if you don't have a tea pot!
RR—Pinpoint lights and firefly lights—they seem to issue from a very intense center. I’ve been back out there with multiple witnesses where these lights have appeared in the treetops. Sometimes they’ll blink on and stay for awhile, sometimes they won’t. I even have some video of that. Of course, it’s really hard to see. You really can’t prove anything with it, except that everybody that was there can testify to the fact that they all saw it.
1 vermiform
There are only two words that can describe the past month: March Madness and not the basketball type (thank goodness). I have spent the last two weeks living what I would consider a perfect life. During the first weekend of March I went on a trip to Torun with people from the international group (ESN). Torun is a beautiful city located 8 hours north of Krakow. We stayed in a hostel (where I was one of the lucky people to have a two person room) in the middle of the city. We went to dinners and clubs together and during the day we went on a tour of the city. Torun is the hometown of Nicolas Copernicus so we also visited an astronomical observatory (not as interesting as it sounds).
to save you
Shown from left: Bubblegum, Dark Brown-Pink, Pink and Shocking-Pink styles.
The call is open to all crafters world wide.
So why on EARTH am I claiming that the mail fairy is a bitch, you ask??
Then, ten years ago, in a moment of madness, Ken started to write. His first article was published in Golf Illustrated in August 1996. More golf articles followed in national and regional magazines including Golf Magazine and Fairways and Greens.
Here’s to 2014!!
i'm thankful for james,
I can almost see you rolling your eyes and giving me a “huh!” or “Yeah, right.” And for sure you’re thinking, “What? Are you kidding? Let that #@!? off the hook? Are you crazy?” Well, let’s see. No, I’m not kidding. No, I’m not letting the #@!? off the hook, and no, I’m not crazy, well not anymore anyway.
who gets picked on a lot at school because he is smaller, quieter and more “artistic” than the other kids. His dad and his teachers think the other kids wouldn’t tease him if he just “fit in” more. Their advice is for him to hide, or he’s bringing it on himself. Faced with all this, Shannon has created a super-powered alter ego that he can escape into whenever he’s in a bad situation. Pretending he’s a powerful hero helps him stand up for himself. But will the power within be enough to save him?
while balcony flower boxes are stacked
then we are in fact under the control of others.
Administrative Assistant
A shrill scream echoed in the morgue as she saw a naked man lying next to her in dark cold vault like room.
I could've handled my break-up with the jewel-eyed girl better. Even shortly after the fact, I realized that, but I was much younger and not nearly as clever as I solopsticly gave myself credit for. The first time I saw her in a vampire den, Madam Lung took me aside and implored me to not sleep with her.
Man, the look on her face when they called her forward was heartbreaking, and when they gave her the verdict, I started crying with her. She may not have stood out as much as the other chefs throughout the competition (mostly because she wasn’t involved in all the drama and ego), and between the three in the challenge, she was the weakest, but she was still very good.
Is there something I should do differently? Is there an angle I haven’t examined? Is there a different belief that’s squashing the one I want to embrace? Am I thinking, for instance “Love is hard, it’s really rare, and it takes a lot of work to maintain” … when I truly believe the opposite?
Can I get a witness??
If you are putting your house on the market, improve your bathrooms with a bit of freshening up. Renovate fixtures, lighting, and decor. Give it a spa-like ambiance so that would-be buyers can envision themselves in a luxurious bubble-bath as they tour your home.
Yes, I know we don't need chips
Tell me one person you know that saw this movie as a kid and didn't have issues going into the water and I'll show you a liar or the next Crocodile hunter. This hell of a movie did more to prompt swimmers to steer clear from the deep end than any other film in movie history. I still have issues being at a reef solo while surfing and if I don't distract myself, I'll start getting all panicky and start seeing suspicious shadows lurking nearby.
8pm and just out of bed.
Congratulations to all of our winners, our Top 3 Badge can be found on the tab above called "Winner/Top 3 Banners" other wise all of our prizes can be claimed by emailing me at Inky.Impressions@hotmail.com!
At the time of the Live Aid appeal in 1984, the population of Ethiopia was 42 million, it is now almost 81 million and projected to reach 145 million by 2050, and that is all Ethiopians (there is not much immigration into Ethiopia).
You may begin this journey of self-discovery with an identifiable loss, or you may discover hidden losses that you have never stopped to consider.
On top of our 2 regular sponsors, we normally have a digital sponsor for each challenge which we sometimes receive images etc from to use for the challenge.
“Car?“ (classy, I know.)
At its feet lay two swords crossed, heavy scimitars with wide cruel blades. Each was hewn from a plate of obsidian and knapped to a razors edge. Both were covered with a thick layer of dust, and whatever hilts, pommels, and sheathes once adorning them were gone with time, leaving the blades alone intact.
We have 2 venues to visit this week... Next weekend we're attending my friend Lori's wedding so that will take up an entire wedding planning weekend, but instead of freaking out, I'm attempting to view it as a much needed mental vaca... and I can TOTALLY be on "clean up crew", Lori... aka scoop up whatever you need to while you go off on the honeymoon! :)
“Hey, you punks!”
I’m really not sure which figure this panel is named after, but I prefer to think it’s for the human figure with the claws- it makes the the idea of why a figure like that would have been carved there much more interesting!
I am so excited as each little thing gets done.
Do you know how hot humidity makes my life?
"Do you want it, Jessica? I bet Rachel would love it." The shopkeeper said. "Only seventy-five dollars."
This may surprise you coming from a beauty blogger, but I hate shopping. My husband feels like the most fortunate man on earth because shopping for me means being in the store/mall parking lot waiting for the doors to be unlocked, dashing inside with a list, and returning to the car within the hour, before the crowds show up. To be that organized takes research, but I am it's the only way I can handle it.
So I got a job at a timber yard. Got some experience there. Learned some new and inventive ways to swear, developed a rash on my chin that wouldn’t let up and saw somebody lose a finger in a vicious machine. The lost finger was enough to send me looking for a new job. I decided to work somewhere that wouldn’t endanger my digits. After a brief stint of stacking pancakes at the Mother’s Pride bakery I landed a cushy number in a public sector office. The Belfast Education and Library Board, to be precise. Found it mind-numbing but less dangerous than manual labour. And it’d pay the bills until I figured out how to get into the writing racket.
In many instances, a makeup artist is a confessor, confidant, advisor, therapist. When you gently cup someone's face in your hands to smooth on a primer or thoughtfully gaze at the face before you, thinking about what technique or color you will choose next, the effect on the person in your makeup chair can be extraordinary.
It is so easy to use and knowing my jewelry will last forever makes me feel good about using it.
If you paid your BPA dues or got a donation during the student workday, you may get your BPA membership card and pin from me. If you have not paid your dues, please do so before Friday, December 16.
frame and painted it pink using a soy based paint. It took about 4 coats since the frame originally was black.
For the 'witch' poem she asks, "What do teachers get up to when we're not watching them? Where do they go at the end of the school day? Why are they so good at spelling? Some of us think we know...."
MORGANTOWN, WV – May 2, 2012 – (Motor Sports Newswire) – MX Sports Pro Racing and Alli Sports, a division of the NBC Sports, have announced that FMF Racing has partnered with the Lucas Oil Pro Motocross Championship, sanctioned by AMA Pro Racing, becoming the Official Exhaust of the 2012 season.
This is an indication of the bad politics of this man. He interfered in something that was done through elections and voting. It is inconceivable that Qatar can buy all these countries’ votes, while the US cannot. This demonstrates that America wants to have a monopoly on everything.
Even then, he was thrilled to board the vessel being assured of God that he would be able to witness His saving grace in Rome. Of course the Lord didn’t promise an event free trip but Paul rested in the hope that God was in full control of the situation.
Orlande de Lassus Benedic anima mea
If you are about to get into a political fight with your lover, then you are an idiot. If that person is giving you sex on a regular basis then let him or her do whatever the fudge they want with their recycled cans!! Let him or her explore their latest conspiracy theory in relation to 9-11 or the killing of JFK. You know what really happened because it’s blindingly feckin’ obvious. However, you’d also like to have an orgasm this week, so weigh the pros and cons and THINK before you speak. It’s simple, Silly.
That’s all I have time for now. Have a nice day.
In the early 80s, I had the pleasure of receiving a lovely red View-Master from my parents. It was one of those old school toys that I still can't believe I had. It's delightfully archaic in our smartphone world and yet the View-Master still thrives. For the uninitiated, a View-Master is a device for viewing 3-D images embedded on a paper disk. Every disk contains seven image sets. One simply inserts a disk into the viewer, clicks the handle and a new image is displayed. It's a camera/binocular/slide projector rolled into one handy, kid-friendly device.
On October 26, 2001, US President George W. Bush enacted the USA PATRIOT Act. The bill was in direct response to the terrorist attacks that occurred on September 11. The goal of the Act was to reduce restrictions on law enforcement and government officials when investigating criminal activity. It gave international law organizations the right to probe and search citizen’s e-mail, medical, financial and personal records. Some of the main sections of the law enacted restrictions on foreign intelligence gathering, expanded the Secretary of the Treasury’s authority to regulate financial transactions, and broadened immigration laws in regards to detaining and deporting immigrants suspected of terrorism-related acts. The bill was passed by a wide margin in the US Congress. It was supported by some people and seen as an attack on civil liberties by others.
I wish others could understand that I prefer one-on-one or small group interactions versus “going out.”
Dogs also may bark at the UPS truck, the mail man, and door to door solicitors. I actually encourage them to bark at solicitors, and let them know if they’d like to take a shot at a crotch attack, I’d totally understand. In fact, I actually require them to do this if the person is hawking religious beliefs.
easy peasy lemon squeezy
While earlier this spring my sister and her husband bought morels, they have plenty of their own now. A week ago Saturday Dale harvested some 65 morels from one location. Morels are sprouting two weeks earlier and are more abundant than normal this year, probably due to the unseasonably warm April, he speculates. The season has nearly ended now.
See all that grated chocolate? You better be admiring that darn grated chocolate.
* Sales & Marketing Manager (National and International Accounts)
1. "Bot" - his yellow dog Spot
But the highlight of the trip has been by far the visit to Titanic Belfast, the brand new exhibition centre and largest tribute in the world to the stricken liner. The building itself was so impressive, made up of 4 bow-shaped sections, each the exact height of the hull of the ship when it was being built. You honestly cannot get enough of a sense of the height until you are right by them.
How can you tell? The Son is not manifested in their mortal flesh. Specifically, they do their own will (do not recognize authority), and they have no love for the brethren. Two things that characterized Christ were His refusal to do His own will. He submitted to God without debate or complaint. And oh, how He loves us.
1. Zach Mettenberger (6/10, 60% comp., 150yds, 2 TD’s) – Ironically, the guy who will sit out the first game of the season was the one who looked the best in the scrimmage this afternoon. Mettenberger had it all going for him; accuracy on short and deep passes, velocity, pocket presence, even some mobility thrown in for good measure. I was stunned at just how much he seems to have progressed from when we last saw him in the G-day game of 2009. He looked crisp and confident. I pointed out to a buddy that he looked very Stafford-esque. The arm-strength that everyone has said he has is definitely not overrated, as is evidenced by the fact that he picked up 150 yards in the air on just 6 completions). What may win him more points with the coaching staff than anything was how at ease he looked. He never looked hurried or hesitant. And to be fair, he did play against the 2nd team defense, while the other two QB’s played against the 1st team D, but Mettenberger also was playing behind the 2nd team O-line and the rest of the 2nd team offense the entire time. It didn’t seem to phase him, as he made a great case for himself. The question is: will Richt see fit to make Mettenberger the starter, given that he will not be able to play in the opener against Louisiana-Lafayette? South Cackalacky is a tough game to get your first start in… but if he’s the best at the position, can you NOT start him?
Me: If only there were some kind of magic potion that would take away those symptoms. If only.
This whole "back to the grind" thing is pretty cool :)
When blood and water hit the ground
Gulp. Um...what?
Spork
Peeved: Macy’s.
1. QuickBooks
This same cat currently resides with a wonderful, dear friend of mine whom is 100% in love. And I find it a little ironic. This same friend adopted a young kitten about 2 years ago from a shelter (along with another kitten who also happened to be one of my fosters as well at the same time. This other kitten, was quiet, and lovely and sweet – and she named her Freya – 2 years later I get texts saying Freya isn’t well — they rush her to the ER one night and she’s humanely euthanized for a pretty significant heart murmur. Hindsight 20/20 says someone *cough cough a medical professional* probably should have been able to catch a murmur of that significance when she was young. But – i also know they develop sometimes as they get older – and there’s nothing to do be done about it.
Tonight the kids and I spent the evening with the new pool that I got from the extremely pregnant one at work that you read about yesterday. The kids of course loved the little built in slide!
The rules demand the two elements to be a “closed section” to the side of the middle 15cm, so BMW’s wing meets the wording of the regulation as there is no inlet in these areas.
“We have two options now. We dig in, deep, into what she did that morning, and hunt down any leads we come up with. But that also brings those leads in danger, I have this feeling this killer-maniac has dried up of information and is waiting for something to happen. Or more dead bodies would have been dropping….. Damn! One morning I leave her unobserved and all this starts!” Karan sat thinking.
Matthew 21:1-9
So I made this
He says the fishing has been nearly as good as it was back in the eighties: the best fishing ever on Lake Michigan.
But you act like you don’t care
The talented author-illustrator's latest creation is There Goes Ted Williams: The Greatest Hitter Who Ever Lived (Candlewick Press). I'm thankful to Matt, who agreed to share his own history as a fan and occasional collector.
“He seemed to see his fellow creatures grotesquely, and he was angry with them because they were grotesque; life was a confusion of ridiculous, sordid happenings, a fit subject for laughter, and yet it made him sorrowful to laugh.”
There are so many little extra surprises and so much more I could say about The Peabody House & Faryl but I feel they are better experienced than described! If you are considering a trip to Beautiful Eureka Springs-I highly recommend The Peabody so you too can experience the magic and surprises this lovely Inn has to offer. Okay Okay I will give you one hint....there may have been a towel warmer in the bathroom.....but that's all the little extras I'm sharing, you gotta go book your stay to find out what else awaits you.,...
It's also when our 'adventure times' begin. We usually use this term to describe any situation in which we are in the boonies and we will face some type of hardship or we are doing something with a smidgeon of danger. Just a smidgeon mind you. Like if a snow machine breaks down and we have to load it on a sled and drag it home. Or on the way home we encounter a heavy snow blizzard and whiteout conditions. But sometimes we try something new and these are also 'adventure times'. Personally I think it's our way of completely refusing to become a complete adult. As long as I don't get frostbite or end up in water (which has happened once or twice) then it's always said with a grin and high five.
Heat 2-3 tsp oil over medium-high heat. Add shrimp and cook until firm and pink. With a slotted spoon, remove shrimp from the pan. Lower heat to medium. If necessary, add more oil. Add onion, garlic, both paprika, and cumin to pan, cook for 2-3 minutes, stirring often. Add tomatoes and 1 tsp salt. Cook until the sauce has thickened and most of the liquid has evaporated. Add coconut milk and herbs. Bring to a simmer, add shrimp, and heat through. Serve with rice and a side salad.
“I’m going to head to Bear Claw Village and try to get the old Kung Fu teacher to come to Yellow Clay Village. I will meet you there,” said Hornmel to his cousin.
Eating can be a challenging piece of it. You don’t want to offend Auntie Besty by declining her famous Pumpkin Cheesecake, but you also know that it will go directly to you hips (or spare tire). If you have the willpower to just have a bite or two (they say after 3 you don’t have the same experience anyway), go ahead and have those few bites. But if you know you can’t resist eating the whole slice (or TWO!), opt to slice a microscopic piece AND make sure to forgo the vanilla ice cream. Better yet, just have a bit or two off your sweetie’s! You shouldn’t completely forgo sweets during this fabulous season, but you also can’t eat every dessert that comes your way. You have to pick and choose what you want. Before you go to the party, decide on your priorities, would you rather have the hor’doreves or are you really in a dessert kind of mood? You really can’t have both. If there are 3 dessert options to choose from which one do you REALLY want or can you get itty bitty tastes of each?
What he can't give me is all of your very detailed and thoughtful feedback. You look at EVERY aspect of the piece and then give suggestions. I really do love your way of teaching ; ) and I am going to add those touches you've suggested. Wonderful suggestions, each one of them made me think, huh, I should have thought about that! Thank you for doing the heavy thinking for us ; ) And thank you for your compliments, that should keep me on another cloud for a couple of days at least!!
Exam on Black Boy
I’ve also worked with a number of stylish men over the years in a variety of industry contexts. One older colleague who is certainly the best-dressed man over 60 that I know is always immaculate. I’ve told him that when I grow up I want to be like him! J All of these encounters, of course, influence one’s approach to and interest in style.
If we want to understand Jesus we must learn his language. I am not saying we must learn Hebrew, Aramaic or Greek, though that is an excellent thing to do. Instead I am saying that we must know the titles, the concepts and expectations of the prophets who were before Jesus, because it is with these words that Jesus speaks and invites us to understand him.
We have to adapt our economic development according to the water resources that we have, not vice versa. The impact on our water needs to be integrated from the very beginning into every economic development plan.
I must be going, I have so little time.
Stay Safe: watch your back
Labels: Magnets, Pokémon
I even read Stanley Coren’s book about sleep years ago and he even talked about how the best way to get babies to sleep well was to build positive sleep associations.
Opening her mouth to the sun
For contact info and more information on David and his work, visit his website;
I cried, I whined, I vented and it went something like this.
Despite all of this, we were still able to be taken aback by all the beauty around us. We have been there before a couple of times, but it never grows old, it never looks dull. It was cold and foggy and but I really don’t think that there are many places that still look so lovely on a grey day like this. Even the tip of the tower was hiding under a cloud of fog. It had something magical to it.
In glorious technicolor with sparkles everywhere they can be put, the chickens faint, flop and finally dazzle their way through this silly romp with a gentle reminder that performers need friends and fans too. Dan Santat's chickens and other barnyard animals are delightfully blocky and exuberant and the design of the book makes all the jokes moooove perfectly.
and Strawberry Shortcake.
Sky Blue.
I have said on numerous occasions before, I just do not understand the disrespect shown for the Irishman. Actually I do; those who denigrate Rice’s contribution to the club actually want to abuse Wenger but knowing that they will be derided themselves, they turn their attentions to an easier target. Often it is held up that Ferguson’s sustained success is due to frequently changing his right-hand man; it’s an urban legend. Ferguson routinely loses his Assistants due to their own managerial ambitions; I cannot think off-hand of any whom he has released from their contracts.
I didn't find the tutorial though...
Now, before I get started (properly... without corn references... hang on, what's that movie? Children of the Corn, I just had to go and google that because I swear the title of this post and the whole corn field thing is creeping me out a bit and it did not surprise me to learn just now that the Children of the Corn were not nice children), I should divulge that growing up we weren't LKKs -
Flower-Corsano Duo, You'll Never Work In This Town AgainNo duo is doing more cathartic free jazz/rock right now.
And the baby carrier had a built-in cap to keep the sun off the baby’s head and out of its eyes. I’m in awe of how clever these resourceful people were. If you’d like to see the other pictures I took of the basket collection at Maryhill, click the link below:
The case reference is 8690 of 2011, the case will be heard by Mr Justice David Richards and is scheduled to start at 10.30am tomorrow in Court 26 of the Royal Courts of Justice on the Strand inLondon.
A process that I personally supervised.
HERE was Edith Falls. The trickle at the bottom picnic area was nothing compared to the powerful waterfall and swimming hole we had discovered. It was so picturesque... I can't describe adequately how beautiful it was. There was a huge waterfall and swimming pools filled with sparkling water.
There was little to keep the kids occupied other than the one soccer ball.
The re-ride flags kept flying, as most of the top five riders for the night placed after the re-ride option. Elliot Jacoby’s (Fredericksburg, Texas) re-ride on Shot Gun Willy (Holman Bucking Bulls) scored him 88.0 points, $1,950 and second place on the leader board. Third in tonight’s standings goes to Bryan Richardson’s (Dallas, Texas) 87.5 point ride on Sis & Stan’s Bucking Bull’s Zip Code. Richardson walked away with $1,170. Austin Meier (Kinta, Okla.) and 2-time World Champion Chris Shivers (Jonesville, La. (Don Kish Bucking Bulls) tied for fourth and fifth. Meier took on Facial Fear (Don Kish Bucking Bulls) for 87.25 points and $624 while Shivers stayed on Cosca/Brown Bucking Bulls Kick Butt for 87.25 points and $624.
The background paper is Pink Paislee's new mistables paper.
David turned his key in the front door, opened it, and quietly made his way into the dark hallway. A solitary light came from deep inside the house. He dropped his briefcase and overcoat in the hall closet, loosened his tie, and started toward the gleam. As he was passing through the living room, the table in the shadows of the dining room caught his eye.
“You and I both know that this is not a social call. Otherwise, you’d be bringing a big ol’ basket of cookies.”
“I used to bring my dad home straight A’s and he would look at them and toss it aside,” Lindsay says, her eyes cloudy with reminiscence. “So I just stopped trying at one point. I got really behind in school and I would stay with my friends and my dad wouldn’t even come looking for me. I think I stayed at my friends’ house for almost a week before he called me to see where I was.”
12 Record of the Constitutional Commission, vol. 4, 913.
Why didn’t the landowner pay those who worked many long hours first and then suprise the latecomers with his generosity? Why, instead, does he pay the workers of the eleventh hour first, raising false expectations in the others and creating unnecessary bitterness and jealousy? These questions, I now realize, come from a perspective that is all too willing to impose the economy of the temporal on the unique order of the divine.
E@L says he likes the GSM style, easy drinking enough. Grenache, Shiraz, Mourvèdre. He finds it smoother, warming, an easy to drink blend. It would take quite a few year for a Cab Sav or Shiraz to get to this level of maturity, he says to Henry, who nods, inwardly rolls his eyes. Mourvèdre is the same grape as Mataro, he learns. And what else is? Never heard of it - Monastrell.
As we know, duplicate pieces are often aimed towards those middle-training persons, This means, they can be fairly made for all common persons. So a lot more people individual the luxury and famous Europe pieces. The replica watches now are approached and recognized by a lot of places most of the globe. Do you know tips on how to choose the excessive-top quality and ideal duplicate pieces from a whole lot duplicate styles? I believe, the exercises are quite critical. And after this I needed bought an element that duplicate pieces from Chinese suppliers.(We've amassed over 50 various top quality duplicate different watches) so so far as I am anxious, I'm able to talk about my helpful practical experience for yourself.
Afterwards we hosed ourselves off and got changed. We hung around for a while listening to the music and taking in the moment… mostly just not wanting to move. I planned on staying for the after party but we were all so unbelievably dog tired that we decided to head into town for an extremely well deserved dinner and then head home. We went to the nicest place we could find, which was some sit down steak house filled with middle aged people wearing khakis and dresses. We had mud stained shirts on, probably smelled horribly, I had a mohawk and all of us had skin dyed some sort of color from the Chernobyl Jacuzzi. We met some very nice locals while waiting for our seats and talked to them about Tough Mudder and they were all incredibly impressed and enthused. Some woman even gave us 40 dollars to split between the 4 of us, we told her she didn’t have to but she said she wanted to. All of us had massive steaks. 3 of us had 20 oz. ribeyes. We ate like kings.
Pawlik said in another instance, a couple came in and said they wanted to pay off an account because they don’t have children of their own.
Law and the Prophets.”
We knew the time was coming. We knew Wass would walk through the door soon and tell us it was time to go.
Todor
That Hours may live on and grant True Love through.
I look at the young man in front of me. Cody is now washing his dishes before leaving for work. Cody says again...walker??
29th Jan 1983 Cardiff University
It is ethereal.
Bred in France by Dominique Le Baron on April 1, 2005, Viking Blond arrived in Britain as an unraced three-year-old in 2008. He made his racecourse debut for trainer Nigel Twiston-Davies and owner Caroline Mould the following season, when finishing fourth in a bumper at Stratford. Sent hurdling he ran three times without success in novices’ events, but broke his duck when winning a handicap hurdle at Exeter on February 3, 2010, under Twiston-Davies’ then stable jockey Paddy Brennan. The following month, at Chepstow, he won again over hurdles, and although he failed to add to his success in that sphere he was considered good enough to appear at last year’s Cheltenham Festival (7th of 23 in the Pertemps Final) and when unplaced in handicap company at Aintree’s John Smith’s Grand National meeting. Sent novice chasing in October 2011, Viking Blond scored in smart style at Chepstow under the trainer’s son, Sam, and after two more placed efforts at Cheltenham and Newbury he was qualified to run in the Coral Welsh National. Surprisingly given his inexperience, Viking Blond was sent off the 6/1 favourite, but was struggling before half way and eventually pulled up. He was subsequently fifth of 12 in a Listed chase at Ascot, which was his most recent outing. Race Record: Starts: 20; 1st: 3; 2nd: 3; 3rd: 3; Win & Place Prize Money: £26,414
“Such a waste. She was our finest looking reporter,” Connar explained. “DoubleDee could wear a bikini during Armageddon and have you convinced it was a Spring Break kegger.” He turned to Appleby. ”Another team is headed to a new hot spot. We’ll follow up with that. In the meantime, we’re setting up your interview with Don.”
3. Salt.—
Then there are two key problems in the way policy is made.
- Happily accept a Jew-distorted, perverse, dirty, pornographic, and thoroughly negrified popular culture (TV, movies, music, advertising, pop art); adopt negro language and dress.
Movado, Making the Most of Style and Design
How about you? What's interrupting your reading?
Twin Hand Movement, the fantastic and severely underrated debut album of the Jan Hunter-led Baltimore band Lower Dens was a favorite of mine when it came out two years ago. It was a spare, foggy low-droning album filled with tension and anticipation. The songs serve as a mask and outlet for Hunter and her thoughts, who as a lead singer and performer, is as painfully shy and reclusive as you can get.
Unto a Second Birth.
Completely changing the way you do pretty much everything does not come without its challenges. I have had to understand how my body works, change things that have been lifelong habits, and work hard to maintain those changes. Sometime along the way my body started changing, and suddenly some of those challenges have shifted, some disappeared altogether. Some new challenges have come up that are altogether unexpected.
no one wants to pay a dollar to play with their friends, if they don’t stop that people are gonna start switching to Sony seriously.
... to cry every time I go into the animal rescue where I volunteer. There are still 66 cats needing to be adopted or fostered and less than a week left until animal control comes.
Secondly, the store needs to get its maintenance section sorted out so we don’t have as much stock on hand. A lot of my time is wasted doing up work orders for jobs that are to simple to need a work order and all because they need parts from the store. We have a rule that any stock removed from the store requires a requisition therefore a work order, the exception being for consumables. The only problem is that we haven’t established all of our consumables just yet – or rather the new Warehouse Manager hasn’t – and so I’m stuck with raising work orders for jobs that I won’t require a history on.
Spaghetti Sauce (use your favorite jarred or homemade) about a cup
Not that I am bitter.
Mon - Web Publishing - 8.30-11.20 - Abbotsford
Finally, to protect it, go over it one more with a coat of gel medium. And voila. Homemade DIY canvas's.
R and I got engaged on April 10th, 2010 during what I thought was a party to commemorate both of us getting new jobs/promotions. We were calling it a Career Year Party, because we are both having a "Career Year!" (See, I have been hectic and busy!)
You come to a point that you are so physically and emotionally exhausted that you believe the lies!
He went to wee, I positioned myself, he performed.
Total: 8 out of 10
Visiting my family in Houston for Thanksgiving was a blast, but the change of scenery only compounded Alex's inability to sleep for more than an hour or two at a time. We arrived back in Austin last Sunday hoping against our better judgment that being back home would help get Alex back on his pre-teething sleep schedule. It did not.
Recently, me and the boyfriend spent some time away in Brighton. Apologies for the extremely hungover mess I am here (HUGE night out and not much sleep to blame) but this is what I wore one day...
Apparently, my 3 year old is doing impressions now.
Steph
Juices sipped through salted lips
This disturbing question arose on Monday, the day after I normally post my weekly novel installment. Only a handful of chapters, maybe less, are needed now before reaching that final page and doing a victory dance around my computer chair. The end of my novel is definitely in sight and I should be one happy writer. Shouldn’t I?
「不毛です。」
"Oh Fran, when did you get so wise?" I told her while sobbing.
What if people click on me, an icon of God, an get a broken link? Or you?
15. Soul Purpose 5.10 (58/69)
Discovering beauty in a fallen tree.....
Clementine
To know more about this new blog and the requirements on how to win the Welcome Candy, please visit Top Tip Tuesdays. Oooh, Magnolia Stamps have been on my wishlist for quite sometime now. They're so adorable!You only have until the 5th of September to join!
Peter loves to cook (and eat too), so they named each table after the famous chefs. We happened to be sitting at the Giada De Laurentiis' table, where Giada is one of my favorites! And for each place setting, they gave each of us a little grater. It was really cute!
Then there was Kate, the daughter. She was beautiful, outgoing and aggressive. She was tall and fair haired, and men were attracted to her because of this. She claimed to be a psychic medium who would talk to the dead. She also claimed that she could cure sicknesses and maladies, for a small fee of course. Men were just dying to see her again, literally. The family though, wasn't a true family. The only ones that were related were Mrs. Bender and Kate.
[6] Is. 2:10-12;13:6,9; Ez. 7:19; 30:3; Joel 1:15;2:1,11,31;3:14; Amos 5:18-20; Zeph. 1:7-8,14,18;2:2-3; Zech. 14:1; Mal 3:2; 4:5
Not very often maybe once a month I start phasing in an activity to replace one or two that the kids have become bored with. Because they are limited to one station a day and I have 12 stations they get to each of the stations 2x in a month so they last! So long are the days of changing math activities every week!
The topper, and the point where I ran into steering problems, was when Axelrod said that Mitt Romney has had the campaign arena all to himself, due to the fact that President Obama has been focused on his day job of running the country and hasn't had the time to campaign. That his campaign won't actually kick-off until early May!
Video clips :
I'll deal.
It only makes me more eager to get back to making entremets, especially now that strawberry season is here! I started to go farmers' market almost every Sunday now when the weather is nice, and I was so delighted to see that my favorite strawberry stall was there! Immediately I bought 6 baskets of strawberries last week, sweet and tasty as I remember it to be. I also found blueberries, and cherries! A little early maybe for the cherries, but hey I am not complaining. I also got those tulips from the most gorgeous flower stall called "super tulips" and they are indeed SUPER! So many good stuff floating around, I haven't even had the time to play with blood oranges, meyer lemons, now add strawberries and cherries to the list. But anyways, I'm trying to savor every minute of the wonderful days we've been having, although the weather here has been back in Winter mode again for the past week and rain too. I still hope I can get more free time in the kitchen by myself to play around.
Like its predecessor, The Sower of the Seeds of Dreams features some lovely, lyrical landscape descriptions. Most of the novel takes place in high summer, and the rich beauty of the area that is now Gloucestershire and Somerset is brought vividly to life, from the salt-marshes of the coast to the vast reed-beds of the Somerset Levels.
our illnesses reflect imbalances
*Afternoons: I don't know that I want a schedule at all. I'd like the philosophy to be kind of:
In the final quarter there is a lot of pseudoreligious commentary that sometimes borders on platitude. Couple this with the imperialistic and exploitative free market approach of the protagonists and it sometimes makes uncomfortable reading. The religious philosophising in particular, though made integral to the nature of the story as the characters go on personal journeys, becomes wearisome. But this was the product of its time not written by a radical like H.G. Wells but a member of high society in a free market world of American Exceptionalism and Christian imperialism.
They were doing this for they were ignorant of what God was doing. They were protecting their religious heritage not knowing that God had set them aside for killing the Messiah and rejecting the ministry of the Holy Spirit through the apostles.
The Saylorsburg property consists of a massive chalet surrounded by numerous out buildings, including recreational centers, dormitories, a helicopter pad, and firing ranges.
This is just the beginning of the use of iCloud. iTunes on the Cloud is currently beta, and we can hope to see the magic in action sometime this fall (maybe September). And mind you, all this iCloud service comes to you at no cost. Yes, it's completely free. This might make Google unhappy, as we wait to hear about their pricing for their cloud-based-service - Google Music.
Thanks for looking everyone! Hope to be back tomorrow to share some more craftiness! Thanks so much for all of your lovely comments, I really do appreciate them and will try to get round and see you all to repay the favour :)
Love to you...
Since I generally have my film scanned to disc, I also have to hope they don't get any dust on the scan or film. Now, since I'm a cheapass when it comes to experimental projects, I just went for Costco- who usually does a great job and keeps the dust to a minimum while letting their negatives hang to dry. I still had issues with the scans produced from the film, but they really weren't any worse than some of the professional labs I've worked with in the past when I used film regularly.
Move It by T. Tex Edwards
Estée Lauder DayWear Plus ($62.95)
A powerful reminder.
and just a second to do
Once upon a time, one of my dear friends got it into her head that she wanted me to refinish a dining set for her. The fact that she lives 750 miles away from me was no deterrent to her…nor was the fact that she has never physically seen any of the pieces I have refinished. She was determined!
Today I did a LO for myself with the April Scrapbook Circle kit! I just LOVE their kits. They by far have the best kits that I have seen. I used the sketch by Diana that is currently on the blog and I used the word "Look" for the current Bird is the Word challenge. Just some photos from my friend's 25th birthday! TFL!
A stage set by missionaries.
"Just one more turn to the finish line! Catch that girl in purple in front of you!"
If the right one don't a-get you
You are one of the bravest people I've ever seen. Even if no one else ever knows it, you do. And don't forget for even one minute that I know it too.
The BBC's Orla Guerin, in the Afghan capital Kabul, said there must have been a "massive explosion" to damage such a robust and heavily protected vehicle.
When I pass the school I will pause with my shoe firmly on the back pedal and watch children wrestle in clumps of little shoes and striped shirts and shorts, and snicker as they break playground rules by climbing the wrong way up the slide. As I wind through stony paths, I will stoop to stroke the fur of calico cats that mew and spring towards me for affection.
The plants will have died by then anyway!
I would like to enter my chair in to the following challenges,
In this context, it is worth pointing out that, at present, a quarter of the council’s total grants go to two companies, the Australian Opera and the Australian Ballet. In fact, the Australian Opera, along with the accompanying orchestra, actually obtains more in grants than the Literature Board and the Visual Arts Board combined.
Cream butter and sugar together in bowl of stand mixer. Add vanilla extract. Add eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Pulse gluten free cooking oats until they are crushed into a fine powder. Add white rice flour and sweet rice flour and process for a minute or two. Add potato starch, baking powder and salt- pulse until well combined. With mixer on low, add dry ingredients to the butter/egg/sugar mixture. Once combined, scrape dough out of bowl and form into a ball onto a large piece of saran wrap. Cover fully with saran wrap and refrigerate overnight.
Chenille beret, vintage. Green top, Forever 21. Burgundy velveteen mini, Delia*s. Brown, open weave tights, Forever 21. Gold leaf earrings, Claire’s Boutique. Gold watch, Raymond Weil.
- Mythbusters – addressing common stigmas
I was soon back on the Red Arrow and back in Chesterfield. I had wanted to go to the Rose and Crown at Brampton but needed some cash and a loo visit first. I found the Market Inn on the Market Place which had been recommended to me earlier as selling local beers, but what I found was a range of national brews, with a few exceptions. I had a half of the Harviestoun Bitter and Twisted (£1.50) and stayed for a brief drink, given that it was completely rammed.
Stretching for excellence,
The story of the blind Chinese Lawyer who is caught between the idea of fleeing or the doom of staying in China to fight literally a "Blind" legal system has sunk in deeply with my conscious. For me I take this case as a personal attack on my family. See I have a Chinese child that is a bi product of gross human rights violations. How "lucky" was Isaac that Chen called attention to forced abortions, that could have been him. But still, Chen's work was not enough to preserve his family ties.
All recollection of GCSE History seems to have evaporated into the ether but I do remember A-Level History classes with some clarity. Every lesson followed precisely the same format: the teacher entered the classroom, perched on the edge of the desk, took out her notes and ... dictated. I was a new girl – my father had got a promotion and the move meant I had to enter the sixth form at the beginning of the spring term. At first I thought that my history teacher would presently get to the end of her notes, and then, perhaps, we could go on to discuss and debate – or at least have a break from the interminable dictation. But no. This was her pedagogic method, and it had more than a whiff of anaesthetic about it. Nothing sank in. English that is spoken slowly enough to be taken down in longhand, with added punctuation, quickly transforms into abstract sounds, the verbal equivalent of those lava lamps so fashionable at the time. King James, comma, anxious to placate Parliament, comma, turned, comma, inevitably, comma, to Robert C–E-C-I-L for advice, and make sure you’ve spelt advice with a ‘c’. As the school bell rang, the dictation would stop, and I would wake up, not quite sure where I’d been. The technique deadened my intellectual curiosity; it attacked the fierce belief in education my parents had tried to instil in me.
On the upside, it’ll make leaving here just a bit easier.
DOUBLE-LINKED SINGLE COINCIDENCE TYPE:
It’s a budget hotel so do not expect anything fabulous, however their WiFi is strong, their room is clean and the location of the hotel is near some local businesses like Jollibee, Starbucks, Savemore, Bag of Beans etc.
Even the biggest house didn't seem to have space for four children, so I did what any good writer would do – poked around until I found the guy in charge of the chickens, and asked him. My book had mentioned priests denouncing the immorality of brothers and sisters sharing a bed – but, as my new incredibly knowledgeable best friend pointed out, sometimes families didn't have much choice.
"Don't go chasing shadows, Arthur..."
The nozzle is adjustable so you can control the flow - loved that! The liquid isn't as thick as glue so controlling the flow is important.
PACHUCKI CT, WALSH PAPPAS SA, FULLER GF, KRAUSE SL, LENTINO JR, SCHAAFF DM. Influenza A among hospital personnel and patients. Implications for recognition, prevention and control. Arch Intern Med 1989; 149: 77-80.
Your hold on me is just too strong
Prefolds and flats aren't hard to use, but they aren't as easy to use as pocket or AIO diapers so they can be intimidating to some people. It can be harder to get family and caregivers on board with cloth diapering if they have to use prefolds or flats.
"All in the golden afternoon,
All three men are now free.
Next time you have a dream, weird thought, or sudden lightbulb–no matter how strange it sounds–write it, direct it, make it a reality. I’m glad I’m doing so with mine. There’s no telling how it’s going to end up, but I’ve got high hopes for its completion and future success.
Huge grassy smell. So much so that there's not much else to the smell. It smells a bit like a Bigfoot without the malt.
my thoughts on sample meetings;
The ones that I search for stronger words to describe, that I layer in senses and other character’s reactions to- the blue numeral 8, the perfectly plump go there.
I was raised a biker brat.
when Rudolph Valentino’s mother was still alive,
Breakfast was toast with peanut butter and banana's, granola, mango's and oj.
Line two standard 12-cup muffin pans with paper liners.
These are unsettling questions because they all reek of the foulest miasma a fan can know: the stench of the bandwagon. I can’t imagine a bigger insult to someone who considers himself a fanatic. Am I pretending to be hurt, or am I actually, really, honest-to-god hurt by Reggie Bush’s betrayal? I’m not sure. It could be a mixture. I can’t say I think about it every day outside of a cursory “Wonder how the appeals process will work out?” But I do remember trying not to cry when he accepted his Heisman, talking all the while about Lamar Griffin’s role in helping him succeed in life. Like any kind of pain that’s been with you long enough, I’ve become dependent on that pain. I wish it’s raison d’etre never existed, but it’s there and the fact that it does sometimes really hurt me means something in all of this is genuine, something is real, like holding your hand over a flame long enough to realize you’re alive.
I don’t know if this is a hybrid, or partial albino, or why the rabbit is so white, but I have seen this same rabbit a few times over the years, and this is the best shot I have gotten of it.
Bottom Line: If you are serious about your relationship- Get Married if that is what you both want! If you avoid it, she may find someone else to replace you. DO THE RIGHT THING!
“While some junior partners made as little as $300,000 a year, other partners were pulling down $6 million or $7 million, according to former and current partners.”
Now... it just so happens to be a NEW RELEASE DAY here at Teddy Bo Towers and here they are - the fantastic new Teddy Bo & Teddy Bea images ready to order now!!
Part of me thinks is it easier to just tell people your mom died than to say you just don’t speak to her. A person can only be hurt so much before enough is enough.
TV shows, sales people, weight loss commercials, they all imitate love to get your attention. Sex sells. Still…. sex isn’t love. Don’t be fooled. It’s everywhere. And I don’t want you to settle for someone with a sales plan and a mask.
Math & Fine Motor
Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans reviewed by Liam Jose
Camy here! I was talking to my mom the other day about ebook readers, because my aunty has just bought an iPad which she wants to use for two main purposes: to play games and to read books.
by Cindy R. Williams
To be more descriptive, I did not wear a bra or even the slightest resemblance of a training bra under the white tank top because at 11 years of age, my chest was non-existent and the hair on my legs was still pretty much visible to the entire world, yet not something I was conscious about nor gave a second thought to. Shaving was something my Pops did in front of the mirror every morning before putting on his three-piece suit, not something I ever noticed women did. Well, I think my PE teacher in Jr High shaved her face every morning, but I’m pretty sure she was a man. That’s another story. That and that stupid game of Crab Soccer we had to play in PE. Ugh, so effing gross.
Who is proving whom? It truly is not man’s place to put God to the test.
Now that I'm 30, I am really taking my skin care seriously!
Miliband also called for "cooperation not conflict in the workplace". Yet trade unionists know that it is the bosses and management who have to be dragged to the table by the unions in order to negotiate.
I made the Cabbage Roses with the Tim Holtz die, some embossing, and loaded with awesome Lindy's sprays for a beautiful shimmer and shine as well as the I Am Roses mixed in amongst 'em. I added some awesome trims and a lil' vintage white birdie that has lots of worn and a shabby loved look.
--the lack of affordable day care
and eventually lands in AMS. We are TIRED as all get out as we drag our bags from the Centraal Station to the Bulldog Hostel (a good 0.5 mile walk). We check in, drop off our bags, and I ask the lady at the table at the hostel where some good beer is. She looks at me and says in a dutch accent that "I don't know the beer, I just smoke weed." Both ladies at the front desk light up some blunts and I know that they are NOT going to be any help. Moving on...
FLRS 10-12, 15-17
For Thanksgiving this year, I wanted to try something other than my usual apple pie and pumpkin pie. So I thought I'd try two different takes on pumpkin pie - a chocolate pumpkin tart, and a pumpkin cheesecake. Unfortunately, both experiments were not entirely successful. :(
What kind of a lunatic am I??
Admiral Thomas B. Fargo, USN (Ret.)
or, why I still haven't published my book, and why I'm not on Facebook. And a bunch of other stuff.
Things get more complicated when Austin’s adoptive mom, Georgia, reenters the picture. She essentially abandoned Austin years before, and is now looking to repair their broken relationship. Mike and Josie join together in helping Austin deal with his conflicted feelings about Georgia.
MacLean Center, 112 S Michigan
So, anyway, overall, home schooling.. while not a long term option for us has been pretty cool. I am trying to wrap my brain around the fact that I get to make up the lessons and curriculum. We can take a day and just go to the Tech museum or the zoo or the aquarium and it counts! We can gather pond water and look at it under a microscope and it counts! Our trip to Hawaii in Jan.?? We took pictures, learned about the landscape and geology, snorkeled and learned about fish, journaled, did puzzles and IT ALL COUNTED toward school.
So, Scottish politicians are all banding together to be ‘outraged’, the standing up for middle class Scotland SNP is particularly upset.
A piece of advice I often see is, “Be moderate. Don’t have ice cream every night, but if you try to deny yourself altogether, you’ll fall off the wagon. Allow yourself to have the occasional treat, it will help you stick to your plan.”
Ever wondered why your older relatives always have the pretty address labels or the note paper with their name printed on it? Chances are good they received those items as free gifts… along with a request to donate for whatever the cause might be.
Every now and then I find myself wondering, why can’t we live in a world where we all get along?
I thought about that during a recent blind tasting at Twain’s in Decatur, where I was joined by six Atlanta beer aficionados in judging a Sweet 16 of American IPAs for the AJC’s 2009 Beer Tournament.
It's really quite nice to work with. It is wool, not very fine, but acceptable. I put in quite a lot of twist, and did a 2-ply with it. I like them that way! It would work quite well for a pair of socks, I think, since it is fine enough, and it is strong enough. I'm not sure what I will do with it.
- cheese cubes
What seemed to be an unprecedented rebellion of "matter" itself against "natural law" was not really anything outrageous or new, but only part of the natural course of things. Still, there is sense that for the poet something new has happened-- "There was a subtle flood of steam/ moving upon the face of things." For him, "the face of things," his perceptual experience of the world, has been changed in a way that though "subtle" is deeply important. This movement of the steam has been a "flood"-- and even more Biblically, it has "moved upon the face of things," just as "the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters" in the act that began creation.
I know some will find my words offensive. That is not my intention. My intention isn’t to call out Brett Majors or Rick Reilly. I just think that so many people are seeing Ron Brown out of context. If you want to understand his perspective, look to his source – in this case the Bible – and then see if he’s getting that right.
1/2 c olive oil
Not bad for $40.00 since I already had all of the paint on hand for other projects!
There is nothing more exciting than sharing something you are excited and passionate about with your own kids, and that is what excites me about the HSV Garden Challenge! I love gardening and love sharing the joys of gardening with my children! When the kids were younger, the extent of their garden involvement was eating the delicious fresh produce, but over the last couple of years they have gotten old enough to share in the joys and wonder of sowing seeds, watching them sprout, some tending and lots of harvesting. :) Last year the kids planted Zinnia seeds and monitored their growth during our garden challenge. It was a joy for me to see the kids check on the health and progress of their flowers all the way into the fall. :)
A review and self-critique by the DNFSB of its history and policies as well as a statement of why it rejects NRC environmental oversight of DOE weapons production facilities.
Yes first time I played there, and probably the last. It was pretty weird playing in front of all the people. We only played for like 100 or 200 people before, so this was really something. I mean all the people were quiet and actually listened to the music, most of them were there to hear some music, not to meet other people and drink their beers.
So saying, he clapped his hands. A few strange looking creatures emerged. One Death spoke up, “These are the guardians of the House of Darkness. They will take you to your quarters. They will provide you with a torch and cigar for your comfort. Hope you enjoy them. “
The “people” who post on this blog (Etothepi, 911, Cat etc…) are fictional characters who do not represent any one person or people who have or will exist. They are amalgams; ramblings of a single or possibly infinite deranged mind or minds. They are either doctors or not. They may be human or possibly computer-generated artificial intelligence that has become pseudo-conscious and mimics actual humans.
If there is no response from the Bilderbergers, then we will have to appeal to the next level of our government. We have 6 levels of government in the West. The Bilderberg Society and other such groups are on Level A where all decisions are made. The B Level is the Secret Team best exemplified by the CIA-Mossad-MI6. The C level consists of politicians who receive their orders from above and are severely punished by those above them for listening to the taxpayers down below on the F Level. But there has been so much brazen vote fraud on public display in the 2012 primaries with the able assistance of the ‘news media’ that I had to add 2 Levels to the four original Levels I defined just last year. I would now define D Level as the Dopes like the TSA who are irradiating themselves with those body scanners and will never live long enough to collect their pensions. Also included in the D for Dopes Level are all those who will die protecting Wall Street when the nationwide Food Riots erupt some time after the elections The E or Entertainment Level used to be called the Fourth Estate or Free Press in the old days before the Kennedy assassination or First Coup. Since the Second Coup or 911, organizations like FOX, CNN, CBS, NBC and ABC are better described by the word Entertainment than by news. The last Level is the F Level. The Letter F stands Those Who Can Be Flogged. They must obey all the orders given them from the A through E Levels. These are the taxpayers and voters who must financially support those above them who do no honest labor.
In the six-pack I picked up last week, the brewery included a bookmark with some info about the beer, including a remarkable photo of a brewer scraping off a billowing pillow of meringue from an open tank. The visual drove home the huge departure this beer represents for a brewery with no history of German brewing. This ain't no pale ale.
I post "Favorite Resources" on Fridays, but the link-up remains open through the following Thursday, so you can link any time. You can link your post below. Please include our blog button (HTML code is on our sidebar), or a text link back here, in your post. Thanks so much for linking up and sharing...I am looking forward to reading everyone's posts!!
Minerva
He didn't think it was a heart attack but was keeping her in for a day or two to do more tests and be sure before sending her back to the care home. Fingers crossed.
Notes: This was something of a bittersweet experience for me. I moved into this office (which was larger and had windows) last summer. I've spent a lot of hours working there over the past year. Yet, I can't say that I'm sad to be moving on to other adventures and a new office space (eventually).
And to top it off…I JUST (as in…10 minutes ago) got a text from a guy I’d briefly talked to last year: “Hey you!! This is ”R”. Long time, no talk. How are you? Have you forgiven me?”
A heartfelt thank you goes out to Wendy Sue Anderson for joining us in the Tea Room last week as our distinguished Guest Designer :)
But whatever you take us for. Broken.. Beautifully cracked… Human… I stand by you.
She waited all night and then with the first bird call she slipped under water.
After emailing our Member of parliament, education office, school and everyone else I haven't heard anything back from anyone :(
According to reports, Kris Aquino’s driver violated the law by double parking outside the ABS-CBN compound in Quezon City last Friday. The unidentified driver who did not follow the traffic rule used to work for Vice President Jejomar Binay.
It’s been a while, but with the semester finally over, I now have plenty of time to keep my blog updated. I’ll admit my pictures won’t be as good (I really need a new camera) but I will try to post them when I can!
4. Reality Shows
06 Breakdown
- attacked the American gunboat USS Panay which was sent to rescue people in the Yangtze River: aboard were journalists, diplomats, and crewmembers. It was escorting 2 oil tankers filled with refugees from Nanking, China. Japanese planes bombed the vessel and fired at survivors in the water who were trying to reach the banks of the river. (In the 1930s, the United States had a treaty with China allowing American gunboats to travel deep up the Yangtze River to protect its trade route from pirate attacks.)
And finally, a brew I haven't tried, is Bell's Christmas Ale, a Scotch Ale that boasts Michigan grown barley and hops, which was a gift from Justin. I'm sure it won't last long.
Okay, catch you later, peeps. See you when I get back from LaLa Land.
There was a natural element in it - something that once opened could not be stopped.
02. Instrumental 2 (Studio Demo 81 XYZ)
they make any outfit perfect.
Is my word count too long?
We've had a few meetings and exchanged pictures and the cakes I like best are the traditional round three tier ones. The tiers are to be quite deep and stacked upon each other to keep it modern. Its going to be quite plain possibly with some black and white ribbon wrapped around the tiers and maybe with some flowers. It may also have some little spots like the third picture. We are just finalising the details however these pictures will be similar. What do you think?
And most of them
Let's start with some facts on this matter:
So in one way or another, I do feel connected with this photographer.
Long before that, however, the Spaniards, both in their homeland and in their world-wide colonies, excelled all other nations and countries in their love and veneration of Nuestra Senora de la Purisima Concepcion. The flagship of Christopher Columbus on his epoch-making voyage across the Atlantic in 1492 was named not merely Santa Maria, but according to some historians Santa Maria de Concepcion. To the second island he found in the New World, Columbus gave the name of La Concepcion after he had named the first San Salvador. From that time on, countless rivers, lakes, towns, missions in Hispanic America were named for and placed under the tutelage of La Purisima Concepcion.
Her eyes are closed
It's Monday, so that means another challenge over at Smudgy Antics, but before we get into this weeks challenge, I would like to Congratulate the winner of last weeks challenge - Bingo...........
I was working on portfolio stuff for last week and consequently forgot about my blog. So I’m combining that blog and my final summation blog into one 1000 word post.
Well, as you can tell i loved everything about it and I haven't even talked about how beautiful the city was.
Maisa: I need something, Saameira.
Dusty could sing anything. On this clip she's singing one of her later hits "Son of a preacher man", the original of which was recorded in Memphis with Steve Cropper and the Muscle Shoals session players. This version, once again sung live on TV,is slighty slower than the original, but still brilliant.
The school that our Mimi want to the last half of the school year here in Texas was very and I stress VERY unimpressive. There were many many things that upset us over the course of the school year that were never 'taken care of.' And in all honestly we were made to feel that just because our daughter was scoring well on her year end tests and because the state gives them money for her being at school- THAT is the reason why they wanted her there. Not because her teacher wanted to teach and she had a love for it, and to top it all of 'they' made my daughter feel like the odd ball out with her blond hair and blue eyes. I know sounds weird being the add ball out looking like that, but honestly she is the ONLY student in her ENTIRE grade that did NOT have brown hair and brown eyes.
Anyway, my plan was to get to Limerick, check into a hostel, maybe see a bit of the town, and leave first thing in the morning for the Cliffs of Moher. As I walked through Limerick, I picked up a distinctly gritty feel from the town nicknamed “Stab City.” The one hostel in town appeared to be in a run down industrial zone. It sort of reminded me of an Irish version of parts of Brooklyn. I could almost picture Irish hipsters flocking to Limerick lofts overlooking the River Shannon.
What are Jolly Lollies?, you might ask. They are inspired by the work of this blogger, which came to my attention during a StumbleUpon session. I was curious, and obviously charmed. So I went to King Soopers, bought a bunch of Jolly Ranchers and some wooden skewers and set to work.
*Additional notes: Patient will be traveling with his grandmother. The patient will be staying in the hospital with his grandmother for eight months. He will receive the first round of six injections in the first month. He will receive physical therapies, 6 days per week for the following 6 months. He will receive the second round of six injections in the eighth month.
Scream louder and louder
2. Dream! This is the fun part! Search for some inspiration!! This can be found anywhere, such as a TV show (think HGTV), a catalog for your favorite retailer, Home & Garden magazines and of course, never underestimate the power of the internet. A simple Google search for "Organized Office Spaces" should do the trick. I also like to visit sites that are dependable pro's in organizing, for inspiration, such as: MarthaStewart.com, RealSimple.com and TheContainerStore.com.
When Little A and I started this journey, I claimed it was in part because I wanted to prove people who said I was crazy for hitting the road for two weeks with just a toddler and no one else was crazy. I wanted to know that I could take just about anything as a parent and preserve my sanity.
1) Participate in the weekly challenges a minimum of 2 times per month (preferably 3 or 4)
Decade after Operation Defensive Shield, decrease in terror continues Freedom of the press, PA-style: Reporter arrested for “slander” Flytilla 2? Lebanese army threatens Israel at “Global March” tomorrow Abbas: Unity With Hamas Is Frozen Obama’s got Israel’s back… with a knife Video: New York JINO’s give comfort to the mullahs Is US acting to sabotage an Israeli strike on Iran? Алжир отказался хоронить тулузского стрелка Chief of Staff: More IDF women in more positions No Blogging Today — Off To The Expo Soccer Dad’s Middle East Media Sampler From The (State) Department Of WTF Can Anyone Identify This Flag? Muslims also seethe at non-Jews visiting Temple Mount IDF arranges medical treatment and transport of Palestinian patients Has @PeterBeinart ever been to Israel? The Middle East Media Sampler 03/29/2012: Missing Perspective Today’s blood libel, sponsored by the Syrian opposition Will Hamas’ Meshal Replace Abbas As President of Palestinian Authority? Can You Guess Who This Is? Decade after Operation Defensive Shield, the Jenin city prospers
‘No previous psychiatric history, but struggling a bit at college lately. Smoking a lot of weed, trying to fit in. Increasingly bizarre behaviour. Then apparently she took some LSD a week ago and hasn’t ever really come down off the trip. So she’s being admitted with an acute psychotic episode and a query on schizophrenia. We’re hoping against hope it’s not that, obviously. Mum has come over to travel back with her to the secure psychiatric hospital in her home town. The doctor and ASW are due any minute for another dose of Lorazepam and the section papers. She’s been agitated and volatile, but I don’t think she poses too much of a risk. Are you happy to go with just the mum as an escort? It’d be great if she could go tonight. We’re not erm... we’re not really set up for this.’
A few weeks ago, Manila Cathedral closed its doors to the public because of structural concerns. They’re in the process of fixing the structural defects I heard. This church is around 50 years old and is the 8th reconstruction.
I'm just a girl. A wife. A mom.
Let’s say you face all the music and convince your parents to get you married to the person you love and think it’s going to be a “happily ever after” sort of a life, only to realize that things are not really all that fine. And you (mutually) think of a divorce. Bhamm!
3. God will give you all that you need. “So you shall serve the Lord your God, and He will bless your bread and your water” (v. 25). –Divine provision!
Hot flashes are a common side effect of chemotherapy for breast, ovary and prostate cancers. Chemotherapy reduces to a minimum the number of estrogens your body needs. Phytoestrogens work by sitting on an unoccupied estrogen receptor until a valid estrogen arrives. It’s kind of like a seat-filler waiting for a paying customer to come along and take the seat. This action of black cohosh relieves some of the symptoms of low estrogen.
I could not bring myself to post this morning- slept like a baby after a long night's work. Waking up refresh, I decided to post today's Consider It Cased card. I found Jen's blog ( Ladybug Stamper) and
Peter paused before he rebutted. He recalled the day in the desert when everything changed. He must have hit a bird; although he managed to get the plane down safely, but he was stuck in the middle of the desert. He wandered aimlessly for a full day. At first, he thought he was going east, but by nightfall he gave up completely. It was just after dawn when he saw a couple coming over a hill. Peter rushed toward them, hoping that they knew where he could go for water. The man leading the woman on a donkey was solid and silent; but the woman spoke kindly as peter drew near.
"For when Nera went back to the world of mortals he told the King and Queen of Connacht, Ailill and Maeve, about the treasure in the well. They broke into the Fairy Mound of Cruachan to possess themselves of the crown of Bruin. Some say the treasure was taken by them and some say they could neither reach or nor take it, but the storytellers of Ireland have to speak about it because the foray brought the Battle Goddess Morrigu into the Fairy Mound of Cruachan.
Do Koreans know what Open Mic is? The certainly have coffee shops. All over the place. Often three or four on each corner. It's crazy! But they love their coffee as much as Americans do on this continent.
In detail the front wing sports a new profile and revised endplates. The leading edge forms a fairly flat profile and then lifts into an arc to meet the endplate. In a similar way that Red Bulls wing meets the FIA central section at 90-degrees. As such it aims to achieve the same function to create a strong vortex, in Saubers case to carry airflow out around the front tyre.
What makes violin craftsmanship so interesting is the alive, organic way it births a violin. It is as raw and intangible as bottling wine. Every inch of wood is different, each breathes different and will sound different combined with any other particular piece of wood. Wood, the product of these magnificent gigantic life forms that we love as trees, is an organism, that we are shaping into a music bearing tool for our humanly desires. Einstein discovered string theory through a single violin note–explaining the world through the perfect beautiful loops of sound these instruments played.
Originally, I found them growing wild in my front garden's lawn when I purchased my previous home in the US. I carefully removed them, over the years, and transplanted them along the edges of trees and basement windows.You will not believe how big they grow when placed in the proper conditions!
a slide show of photographs from my florida trip.
1 c lentils (I used black)
There is no difficulty if you believe, for real , that you can change the world.
DJ Sumbody: I am planning on launching the album in other provinces. My main focus right now is to push the album as much as possible. Regardless of the high rates of piracy, I want to push the album as much as possible and ensure that people know about the album and also go out and buy the album.
Tonight's order of service has Paul Thomas Saunders on first. The Guardian's Paul Lester did young Paul the honour of picking him out for the New Band Of The Day feature, but then the considerable disservice of suggesting he's not much more than a competent Buckley and Yorke copyist. The ethereal grandeur of 'Appointment In Samarra', which finds him intoning ominously about blood on hands and bodies on the ground, is indicative of an ambitious and mature-before-his-time talent.
Meg is good this way. I am guilty of thinking too much about giving and sometimes forget to
(see yesterday's post).
The Final Solution, Michael Chabon
I started depositing online, just small amounts $10-50 and quickly busted a few times. Then as i progressed, although i was still absolutely ****ing terrible, i started to run rolls up from those small deposits to $200-400 and then busting them when getting pissed.
HERSHEY JC, ASH DA, THUMASATHIT T, MESZAROS J, WATERS VV. The roles of altruism, free riding, and bandwagoning in vaccination decisions. Org Beh Hum Dec Pro 1994; 59: 177-187.
I only have a few hours per day to write. If I enjoy sleeping, which I do, I can get in about 2-4 hour per day. Maybe another 1 or 2 at work if my boss is away from the office (don’t tell her).
Okay today's video is Tonight by Jeremy Camp. I am not sure if I have put this up before (are you really going to make me search my blog to find out? lol). Jeremy Camp will be at Christian Youth Weekend. If i miraculously win tickets maybe i can miraculously meet him and have him autograph my cds and ticket stubs :) I have seen him once before for f-r-e-e!! The video is a treat - it is Jeremy live :)
- Paul Niedzwiecki, Executive Director of the Cape Cod Commission
Be careful about overusing this technique. Imagine the paragraph above if every sentence had its own paragraph. It would feel choppy, and you’d lose the emphasis on the more dramatic moments at the end.
9. Volunteers have full T-shirt rights and all privileges pertaining thereto. So there. Remember, you can always volunteer for a race and get a shirt. I encourage this as your civil duty to be a member of the running community. Races don't happen without volunteers, folks.
I often stop by a place called Colassessano’s Pizza to pick up a pepperoni roll with sauce and cheese. Many of you are probably wondering, “What in the world is a pepperoni roll?” Well, let me tell you. I know them quite well. I have been eating them since 1974.
sprinkles optional
and I am putting the finishing touches on
The adventure aspect of the story takes a back seat to the romance/love triangle aspect, but this is still an exciting and engaging film. I particularly loved the scenes were Eloise Kelly was feeding the animals.
British paramilitaries are largely of the same cultural DNA as the paramilitaries that were party to the Troubles and could be expected to conduct themselves similarly if faced with similar opponents. However, Muslims have a cultural DNA all their own, as we have already shown, and this bodes ill for our Muslim Troubles. Though it is probable that, in the early stages of the conflict, British paramilitaries will make at least some attempts to focus their attacks on adult Muslim males, any indiscriminate attacks on British targets that include large numbers of women and children will likely shred whatever restraint British paramilitaries may have felt inclined to exercise in this regard. We observe that the three reasons given for the greater ruthlessness of the loyalist paramilitaries above will all obtain in our Muslim Troubles: British paramilitaries will find it difficult to identify key figures in Muslim paramilitaries, British paramilitaries will not be aiming for a negotiated settlement with Muslims in which they must present themselves as being ‘civilized,’ and British paramilitaries will not be looking to a political future in which they and Muslims cooperate amicably subsequent to the creation of a new political reality. Rather, British paramilitaries will consider themselves, accurately in our opinion, to be resisting the dispossession of their people by a hostile, religiously-motivated tribe that can create only violence, savagery and madness. Psychological restraints on their violence will therefore be weak to begin with, and must be expected to disappear entirely if Muslims act in the way that they always seem to.
Banana Layer Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting
Vocational and technical schools offer shorter, accelerated career education degree programs that take anywhere from 18 months to two years to complete. There are also many certificate programs available that can be completed in even less time.
So yesterday afternoon, around three p.m. I decided to make my family a homemade vegetarian pizza and garlic fingers with whole wheat crust, it was also around that time that my husband decided to go down into the rec room and immerse himself in Turbo Jam (he's lost nearly 20lbs already, very proud of him!). So that leaves the dilemma, who will watch the princess? Being the eldest, Logan always gets nominated for these types of jobs. He's an amazing older brother and really loves spending quality time with his siblings.
NYC 22 – There was always the question: what happens when these cops are no longer rookies? I don’t think they'll have to worry about that.
-cumin
But the reward for my sacrifice is that I now have 4 hours of comp time next week, which will be put to good use for a last private lesson with Ney before he leaves for Italy!
They convey complex messages.
footsteps shuffled in the darkness. Maybe it was a raccoon or an angry squirrel.
08. Gone Far Lost
Technique is something that I would usually point the finger at. If I’ve noticed it then it’s been done in a ham-fisted way. American crime shows where everything needs to get wrapped up neatly in 43 minutes are a perfect example; if someone coughs you know it’s a clue. That’s an example of plot done badly. An example of plot done well is the Pinter play which, if you haven’t seen it, runs backwards, beginning at the end of an affair and showing scenes from the relationship going back to the first meeting. Impossible to disguise so why try? And that’s what I liked about this book: she doesn’t hide her technique but because it’s unusual and atypical; it makes us think about why she’s chosen this particular approach.
Compounding and intensifying these issues of race and gender, they include concerns about the deep structures of inequality in our society—inequalities of wealth, privilege, and opportunity (including educational opportunity), and the attitudes of superiority those inequalities breed. And they include concerns that, whether they intend to or not, universities like Duke participate in this inequality and supply a home for a culture of privilege. The objection of our East Campus neighbors was a reaction to an attitude of arrogant inconsiderateness that reached its peak in the alleged event but that had long preceded it. I know that to many in our community, this student behavior has seemed to be the face of Duke.
3. Get the opposite pointed edge and meet it to the center with the folded pointed edge.
But we also managed to squeeze in a few fun things too. Things like: sweet baby Jude's blessing day (our newest nephew), a Sunday afternoon walk to the park, dinner at Pallet with some good friends (yuuuummmm.) and a Cinco de Mayo party.
2x $4/1 Fusion mq
About 8:00pm I thought the wind had picked up when I heard this scratching noise at the front corner of the bedroom. There’s a tree there and although it’s been trimmed, it still is a little close to the window. But then that scratching turned into very creepy scritch scratching moving along the entire wall and into the corner. That definitely brought a “whuu?” from me but no immediate cause for alarm since I was thinking Moe, our terrorist cat was messing around on his scratching post in the corner. Then that scritching noise moved around the corner, down the wall, directly behind the headboard and it did not sound like the cat at all but something about the same size. When Moe trotted into the bedroom though that definitely changed the “whuu?” to a “WTF?” and me evacuating the room, racing downstairs to get John up there to take care of the situation.
The huntsman turned,
What your mind conceives
1 Electric Zebra cartridge = approx 20 cigarettes worth of vapour = £1.
When I called my brother from the hospital after I’d gotten away, I remember hearing his voice, and I could feel the tears, shame at what I’d become, heating up my face. He sounded so safe, so sane, and so normal. If he would’ve asked, I would’ve told him everything. He never knew that I called him from the emergency room, and he never will.
1. Preheat the oven to 40o and spray the gratin dishes with canola oil.
Now, if you are from Columbus, Ohio and you are hearing me describe Cleveland this way, you are probably nodding your head. You probably get what I am saying when I compare Cleveland to a vast wasteland.
I imagine you may have seen some of the photographs of our wedding.
Let us assume that our thieves are competent professionals, and carry out their raid with sufficient skill as to ensure that: a) CCTV footage shows only four medium-build white men in ski masks, arriving and escaping in a stolen car which is later found burnt out three miles from the crime scene; b) no forensic evidence of note is left at the scene; c) the MO of the crime has no particular distinguishing features; d) witness statements provide no clues as to the identity of the perpetrators. This degree of professionalism places the onus squarely on those performing a top-down sweep, who have more luck, being able to ascertain that: a) a British armed robber of note, whom we shall call Mister A, was released from prison in France six months previously and known to be back in the UK; b) the word on the street is that said armed robber had been putting together a crew for some sort of 'job'; c) according to a burglar arrested for an unrelated crime, who knows a man who knows a man, Mister A has already starting dipping his toe in the waters of illegality. On the basis of this information, and having no other leads at all, the police decide to focus on Mister A as the target of the investigation.
In "The Santa Suit," Sorbo plays greedy elitist and Hunter Toys CEO Drake Hunter who looks down on the whole of humanity until he is suddenly transformed from Fortune 500 phenom to Santa Claus to learn that when people are stripped of worldly splendor, and have nothing except their humanity to define them, they tend to make more heartfelt and purposeful choices.
I am embarrassed to come on here after so much time has gone by. I cannot believe it was November when I last posted. Where or where does the time go? We've had the joy of Christmas are into a new year and soon it will be Easter when we celebrate our Risen Lord.
too, they are gorgeous!!! So the top picture is just an oval nestie decorated using the die and then slipped it into a little clip frame :) The bottom picture is one of my jewellery boxes that needed cheered up.
Paper by Gina K Designs
I NEVER buy race photos...
6th of June 2011
if that wasn't the case, maybe they would feel more reassuring.
For his class party, I made vanilla cupcakes (using the same recipe as his Superman cake), and topped it with a swirl blue cream cheese frosting. I also initially wanted to fill the cupcakes with strawberry whipped cream, but I ran out of time and dropped that idea when it was about 1am and I wasn't done making the cupcakes yet!
An example is a call made by a female who was upset for picking up a child after she fell over, and her mother running over and shouted ‘get off’ to the female stranger. The female stranger rang in because she was ‘very upset’ and ‘in shock’. What? Hang on? You go over to a strangers child and pick her up, her mother tells you to ‘get off’ and you call the police because you are in shock?? Really??? Or another call when someone rings in because the next door neighbours cat has poo’d in your garden? Or we get a call because their child has broken the telly but you need a number for social services to replace the 54″ tv as its ‘essential’ ? *shakes head and looks to the floor*.
Guaranteed to provide preemptive forgiveness should a godless liberal accidentally get in yer way
As I prepare to start a new decade, I want to work hard at the art of being grateful. Because I do think it's an art. It's something we have to practice. Growing up, I was taught to say, "thank you" and to write thank-you notes. But it's more than that. It's being thankful everyday, for just the little things. It's being aware of that gratitude. And sharing that gratitude. In extraordinarily ordinary life, I have much to be thankful for-- some are practical (a house, a job, money saved for retirement, clothing, food, etc.) and some are really nice and not at all practical when you get right down to it (vacations, my iPhone, multiple pairs of shoes) and some are obvious (my kids, my husband, my friends, my family).
So, within 15 miles of my house, I'd estimate there are at least 50 hardcover copies of Roger's book on the shelves. Penguin must have done a bang-up job of selling it, as neither Borders nor B&N are normally welcoming to unknown authors.
yeah i'm so strung out
Vanessa would be happy to know that as I grew up, I had no idea about the Miss America scandal. I didn’t know a thing about her pictures. I only knew she was the first black Miss America. And the only reason I knew that is because “Save the Best for Last” was an amazing song on my radio all the time, and my parents deemed it necessary for me to know that the singer was not only a talented recording artist, but had broken historic barriers. They didn’t feel it necessary to add anything about her background. Because it’s not important.
"I Love to See You Smile" (Parenthood)
I'm fairly certain that I am not qualified for any such job.
First impressions: Fourteen pages. That's how long it took for this book to completely wow me. Cat Hellisen creates a beautifully unique world with full and vibrant characters that made it nearly impossible to put the book down.
World Class Scuba, Snorkeling, Sailing, Fly Fishing and Sea Kayaking are featured in this accessible part of Belize. Banks, pharmacies, markets, and essentials are only 30 minutes away.
Trainer: Evan Williams Breeder: Thomas O’Connor Jockey: Paul Moloney
Saturday, after breakfast at the hotel, we headed off to the Louisville Zoo for a couple of hours. The kids had a great time. Every animal we saw, Noah would greet with "Hi, (animal name)." and "Bye, (animal name)." Very cute! Unfortunately, Elias and Ceili Fey did nothing but fight over who got to push Henry in the stroller. For awhile, Noah pushed him while they were distracted by their fighting. Oddly enough, Noah did a better job of pushing the stroller than the other two combined.
This was more than a blog post. It was my first book review (published at the Huff Post as well), facilitated by Prof. Revkin who directed a review-request by Nation Books my way. “The Invisible Arab: The Promise and Peril of the Arab Revolutions” makes the case for the “invisible” forerunners of the revolution, those who never gave up the idea of a free Egypt: from labor activists, including women, to intellectuals and community organizers. The book was particularly helpful to understanding the commonalities as well as the tense differences between countries across the Arab World—and how those dynamics are played upon by Western interests.
–Joanne Crofton
My hopes just sank by listening to his response.
So. Let's review:
This raises an interesting question about the power that chemicals suppliers will have. Many of the current generation of 3D printers are limited by design to using proprietary building materials that are provided exclusively by the machine manufacturers. Proprietary lock-in means that the costs of printing objects may be skewed by this “razor and razorblades” approach. According to Bart Van der Scheuren, Executive Vice President of Materialise, high margins on printing materials are the biggest hurdle to making 3D printing more competitive.
Have decided that I can’t skip basic grooming or else I feel like crapola. So my feet are next, but I’ve decided that I need to be more consistent with the shaving, the eyebrows, and the hands too. Being “too tired” is no excuse, because I honestly think it’s a vicious cycle. I’m too tired to shave, so I don’t. And then the next day I can’t wear a cute dress because I still haven’t shaved. So I wear my jeans AGAIN. I don’t blow-dry my hair, I don’t put on makeup, I put on R’s giant fleece cuz it’s the only thing that closes over my belly, and then I stick on a baseball cap. What is the result? It ain’t pretty. And it don’t make me feel so good. So I have even less energy for shaving the next day. I’m not saying it’s time for stilettos again, but I do think there is a happy medium. And now that I’m not teaching anymore, surely I have a little more time in my day for some primping.
The Just Magnolia Blog is promoting Breast Cancer Awareness month through their challenge which is: Think Pink! I embrace this and wanted to make a pink card. I used the Friday Sketchers for it. The challenge at Magnolia-licious Highlites Challenge Blog is to use a recipe or food element in the card. I've put a recipe inside the card but wasn't able to take a picture because the weather is strange today and I cannot find the good light to take pictures...
The life of the party.
Those who see the injustice of the CDF’s attempt to suppress LCWR need to respond with similar courage. Now is not the time to be afraid, worried, or despairing. We must rely on our God who promised to be with us and guide us in our times of need. The only thing we can ever change is ourselves and our responses, not other people or situations. We have the choice at this juncture to respond with courage.
If you're interested in obtaining career education at a vocational or technical school, let My College Guide help. They have the information and resources you need to simplify your search for the right career education program and school.
Not only will you get tons of holiday inspiration, each of these generous manufacturers will have prizes for you along the way. All you have to do is visit and complete the hop each day from December 5th through the 10th to be eligible to win!!
Image from TSB..... Colored with bic markers.....
2. Wash gently with a little soapy water or next time I may try water with a bit of cayenne pepper. Remove the bottom half of leaves so the leaves don’t rot in the water.
I realise that this could upset some residents of the 20th arrondisement but I’ve never been good at keeping foodie secrets. Saturday night I dined at Cyclo, a tiny Vietnamese restaurant on rue de Belleville, and soon discovered why it’s one of the neighbourhood’s best kept secrets. The place was full to the brim, with most of the patrons on a first-name basis with the owner – a charmingly flamboyant Vietnamese native who takes the utmost pride in each dish that comes out of his kitchen.
I'm not crafting, I work part-time in the very busy Medical Room of our
Soon I'll put up a list of what I've been doing, lately - enough to start my own Home Improvement Channel. But for now . . . a video of one of my favorite things of 2011, filmed on and behind our block.
Good morning hunnies..and what a glorious sunny day so far why do i always get up early on my days off? but i did get to finish this card so then ican attack the house .and the dreaded ironing..would glady pay someone to do it for me out of the jobs i hate is the ironing...
Even the souls who are paid to do this are still souls and are still behind their surface experiencing ascension, just as every soul on Gaia’s surface in each and every form that such souls take, currently are.
I really enjoy the Windsor’s scones, too. They always have two choices of tasty scones, a seasonal one such as cranberry or pumpkin and a classic one like maple or oat. They are very good. Not the best I’ve had (that honor would go to these incredible scones I had in the Clinton Hill section of Brooklyn, I think it was at Choice Greene, this magical artisanal cheese, grocer, baker and charcuterie shop near BAM, scones that were so authentically British and perfect in every way, they were better than some I’ve had in England! I also love the very Scottish/Irish scones at Babington’s Tea Room in Rome, which are dry and dense and crumbly and are served with freshly whipped clotted cream and Italian strawberry jam. Babington’s is a 19th-century tea room started up by two Englishwomen and it’s like stepping back in time. Some noted British food critics have claimed it’s more of an “English tea experience than one you’ll find in London, very classic.”
next, after playing with it for a while i have to ask, what is it? as far as i can tell it’s facebook + twitter with no character limits. it’s weird to put both people I know and people i don’t into circles. almost stalkerish.
Is the ghost in my machine just messing with me for the hell of it?
The awesome thing was two of the book fairs were tied to a Reach for the Stars!! reading incentive program that rewards kids for reading. We have received so many "thank yous" and success stories from students, parents and teachers at the those schools. It is an amazing feeling being able to help kids discover the joy of reading and become better readers.
The people walking in darkness have seen a great light; on those living in the land of the shadow of death a light has dawned.
a new web-application for creating, customizing, and completing your own notebooking pages. With The Notebooking Publisher, your children can create and complete their notebooking pages on the computer!
29. I am still de-caffeinated.
And who says they’re ‘deadly’ levels? Why, the EPA itself.
In two headed giant: Shift from white to blue or red and leave white and green to your partner. Take more removal, even situational ones because there will be twice as much opportunity to play them. Go the control route with strong creature bombs. Your ally should have some vigilance creatures and all the board presence. Don’t go aggressive though, in this format, slower decks win more than aggro ones. Focus on bombs and removals. Soulbond should be the theme of your partner.
“We want to make those first 10,000 so happy that when we offer them invites, they’ll tell everyone,” says Pouchot. By the end of the summer, she and Ghosn hope to have one million users.
When I got home at 2:35, it was just for a short stint. Things were in place when I got home and Jimmy had even decided to tidy up the house (as much as a 15 year-old who has never been taught to clean can). I was pleasantly surprised… but still suspicious. I needed to run to the store so I picked up my husband’s wallet and went out again. I picked my husband up from church and we headed to the grocery store to buy fixings for dinner.
My apologies for seeming dismissive, but Greenwich Park was the playground of choice for us with our wee son, and amidst a most historical surrounding indeed.
Dirty Harry was released in 1971.
If you need any other tips of more information, feel free to send us an email.
I first messed around with some old fleece, adjusting there, cutting there and then held my breath while I cut into the good fabric. Now...ta da. Now if I could just get my son to look at the camera.... :)
Love Clairebears x
and realized Rick Santorum is crazy
My mother married a city boy and ended up leading a relatively city life. In a way, it was like they compromised, as our store and apartment were placed on a full acre of land. We did have opportunities to visit aunts, uncles and cousins who were continuing somewhat of a farming life. I have fond memories of being dragged around on an ancient pony named Captain and sitting on Uncle Paul's lap steering the tractor. Weddings were complete with square dancing. I think I was the only one of my friends growing up who had any idea how to do it.
Hope you'll look at the list of designers for Impression Obsession and Dreamweaver on my sidebar...always wonderful inspiration on those blogs.
I had a Demon Collector synopsis roughed out when we sold Mortlock and it was part of the package. I didn’t have a trilogy in kind at first in fact Demon Collector started as a modern YA novel idea but it wasn’t working for me. The moment I pitched it into Victorian London, it all fell into place. I wouldn’t say I’ve turned it around quickly either, it’s sitting on my editor’s desk right now and I’m sure it’ll come back with lots of ‘suggestions!’
1 (14-ounce) can sweetened condensed milk
The summer sun may turn dark and cold (I Love You, LY) ‘Round and ’round we spin and dance
So today is (national?) Take Your Child To Work Day. We have rules for it here at my company, but "rules' is a relative word when it comes to a multi-child household, I guess. I dunno...
For an interesting and detailed refutation of the anti-"Robber Baron" socialist propaganda, I recommend the article Seven Myths about the Great Philanthropists. It's not a self-serving hagiography, but it does bring a lot of information to light that public school progressives excised from the official history we were taught.
1 racks
2. Meanwhile, add the water, cumin, chili powder, salt and pepper to the eggs and lightly beat to combine.
-We use disposable wipes still (I'm still not ready to try reusable wipes). We have not had to purchase any yet due to all the gifts at showers!
Exif Data: Nikon D5000 ; lens: Tamron AF 55-200; 90 mm, ISO 720; f/4,2 ; 1/250 sec.
T: kinda young, huh?
Lactic Acid – Found in blood and muscle tissue. Also in sour milk, beer, sauerkraut, pickles, and other food products made by bacterial fermentation. Used in skin fresheners, as a preservative, in the formation of plasticizers, etc. Alternative: plant milk sugars, synthetics.
we decided to hang out in our jammies all morning.
However, he did also admit that Greece’s debt is 120% of GDP, that the interest rate it pays on its borrowings is up to 5%, and that it is suffering 6% negative growth.
swatched all together in same order as above:
Thankfully, I'm getting some stress relief, and relaxation on the weekends; post about that to follow soon.
I used another digi image by Mo Manning, called Make a Wish.....can I just say how totally addicted I am to Mo's images lately?...LOVE them! The scalloped over is up on foam tape and so is the large DP layer that sits on the card base. Stickles were added to random parts of the image. The sentiment is from an old SU set of mine and that's also up on foam tape. The layout is today's Sweet Sunday Sketch #144.
As the brightness of reflected images
He invited me to sit with him for a while.
“The EC has failed to act on this… to clean up the electoral roll even though the presence of these non-resident voters contravenes Article 119 1(b) of the Federal Constitution which says a voter must be a resident in the constituency he is voting in,” he said.
As you may have seen in my last post if you waded through all of the garden photos, I had a lot of spinach from my winter garden. It’s going to flower soon but I thought I’d share my favorite way to eat it—well, really three ways to eat it :
You could certainly be forgiven for not having heard Maskarade. Although it became Denmark's "national opera" almost from its premiere in 1906, it hasn't travelled. Our loss, as it's also one of the few comic operas this century to exude genuine, life-enhancing comedy. The plot isn't simply described: like Smetana's The Bartered Bride, it concerns the goings-on at a specific time and place--with all the misunderstandings and reconciliations this implies. It's also very much an ensemble opera, the cast dovetailing their roles into each other at high speed, and this aspect comes over so well here. Even without visuals, you're drawn into the thick of the action and held there for the two-and-a-half hours it takes to resolve the many confusions. Auge Haugland and Susanne Resmark are fully in tune with their characters, but it's invidious to single out soloists in what is a fine all-round performance, conducted with gusto by Schirmer. Go ahead, indulge yourself. --Richard Whitehouse
Ever wonder if the science-fiction concept of artificial intelligence will be as ordinary as accessing the Internet? Or playing tunes on your touchscreen iPod? Well, that concept may not be as fanciful as one may think. Meet Watson, I.B.M.’s newest star in the rising world of smart machines. In a very highly anticipated competition against two of Jeopardy!’s greatest contestants, 72-time champion Ken Jennings and Brad Rutter, the super machine ousted its two human opponents with the final tally of $77,147 to Mr. Jennings’ $24,000 and Mr. Rutter’s $21,600.
January 23, 20129pm ET/8pm CT and 9pm PT on NBC
3. When you face situations where you know you are going to get hurt/burned, I love the way you find the courage to try again and again.
A more accurate impression can no doubt be gained by reading John Perkin’s famous whistle-blower treatise "Confessions of an Economic Hitman".
-- In 1966, there 385,000 American troops in Vietnam, of which over 6,000 would be killed that year alone. A massive protest hit the streets of New York in April 1967 and dozens burned their draft cards in Central Park. A Maxwell House coffee can was famous used to burn the cards. A new client for Don Draper?
7. Silicone Headbands: Comfy, cute, and so easy to reposition throughout the day. Plus I got a pack of 4 for $5.00, unheard of.
6. Drain beans, reserving at least some of the bean juice.
and depressed
But everyone you know is busy coming and going from Italy... and they're all bragging about what a wonderful time they had there. And for the rest of your life, you will say "Yes, that's where I was supposed to go. That's what I had planned."
Moving on, though, I tried to keep an open mind about Pottermore. There’s plenty of stuff to do there. You can explore every chapter, reading about the characters, places, objects, spells, potions, or books in that scene. You can click around each scene to find books, Chocolate Frog cards, potion ingredients, or magical objects.
The right place is where it passes unnoticed, is part of the action, and helps the story progress. Too many of us think that cutting exposition is about cutting text. What I learned from writing this novel is that it's about putting it in the right place.
Along with interviewing leaders of different groups, I would like to interview each position on the AJF PRSSA Chapter Executive Board.
Wdebo :)
Amit Bansal answers, This is another way of asking your strengths and weaknesses and how you take feedback from others.
“It refers to some of the utensils used to put the meal together as opposed to how the meat is slaughtered.
Saturday, April 21 8:00 AM – 8:00 PM
nothing better than having someone else do your dirty work while you veg
By Lost but Found
GC: Now that you’ve mentioned farming, I just have to ask, do you play Farmville on Facebook?
Unfortunately for me, once I tugged a bit, I realized behind it all was a heart that had not forgiven. Instead of dealing with the issues, I pushed them aside unwilling to confess and seek forgiveness. I had piled each offense on top of the last thinking I was doing the right thing. But instead, I became angry. Last week, my heart was exposed and what I saw was ugly. It was unforgiveness left to fester and it was rotting away.
Have your severe weather plans in order.. make sure you and your loved ones / family / friends / co-workers know the plan and are able to enact it at a moments notice.
What that means for e-books is that all of the same people have to be paid, with the single exception of the printers. Why do e-books still cost $10 and $15, when there is no paper involved? Because it still has to be written, edited, designed, and sold. Barnes & Noble and Amazon take their cut regardless of the books medium.
"I think it was a great attempt to try to do something for the convenience of our customers," Conti said. "It didn't end up successful, but we learned a lot. We will be better for it, and listen, we had thousands of buyers who predominantly were happy with the convenience when they bought a bottle of wine through these kiosks."
This article is reprinted with permission from MaineBiz. Derek Rice, author. Third of four parts.
Favorite Line: “Girl, I know you’re doing the same thing, too / But I won’t tell your man the things we do”
Ever feel like you’re failing every day? Trying to catch up with what ever it is that you do in life only to realize that you’ve gone only from an F to an F+?
Noticing:
Who but God knew that I would endure those upside-down events in college? Those events include the day I bawled for the first time during my internship year due to feelings of being overwhelmed and not completing my goals to my personal standards, the day I got in a car accident and it was my fault, the day I found out my grandfather had lung cancer, and the MANY days I realized I cannot do anything without the strength of Christ.
An interview with !The!Bang!Gang!!
To those who note that there is probably some political bias in this post - it says as much about the over-the-top lavishness of the system as it does about the individuals. When even the most objective person witnessess these specatcles, the doorman's (no doubt a Clinton/Obama supporter) perjorative comments first come to mind - followed by countless questions - starting with - how did we get in so deep on the concept of imperialism in a government of the people, by the people and for the people? - or - couldn't they have somehow squeezed by with only 5 vehicles and 20 men? - or - is there anyone connected with these trips who is even thinking about a budget? - or - does the President ever look around and tell his minions - "guys - we really do need to cut the spending on this stuff!!!"
Angel Fire is the second book in L.A. Weatherly’s Angel trilogy and the first book Angel was one of my favourite YA reads of 2010 so I’ve been desperate to get my hands on this one for a long time now. The angels in this series are like none you will have come across before, not your usual benign beings in this series they are deadly. The first book was full of action and I loved the romance between Willow and Alex, I’m very excited to see where the twists and turns will take us in this instalment.
13. “Violence of the Lambs”: quesions posed and explored in this essay: Are animals starting to attack humans? What will happen as we continue to destroy animals natural habitat? How do we explain the multiple account of bizarre animal violence towards humans? Where is the world headed? A pomo, semi-serious take on the end of the world and a (building?) war of humans V animals.
The Night Circus - Erin Morganstern
The lovely head of the College of Midwives then gets in a dig at older mothers, and how they make greater demands on maternity services. Thing is, not everyone can have children younger. They may not have met the right person with whom to bring a life into the world, or they may not have been ready to have a child (there is no way I could have handled it in my 20s), or they may not have been able to afford to.
my family
407,000 books were published in 2007.
Free State Brewing Co. Fireside Imperial Pils
Class War in Ireland had a short-lived existence in the early 1990s but this document gives a real insight into the organisation. Running parallel to the UK based Class War it was an interesting group which although strongly inflected by anarchism saw itself as ‘a working class revolutionary organisation’. On its demise members became involved in a range of other groups on the Irish left including community groups and the Frontline Collective.
It is interesting to note that the court did not find that the defendant had lied, at one point the judge stated that Aisha was 18 but later acknowledged that she had in fact attained that age at the time of Mohamed's death. Indeed the fact that Mohamed married Aisha while she was a child is largely undisputed and accepted as fact by most Islamic scholars. Marriage between an older man and a pre-pubescent girl was not unusual in Islamic culture during the prophet's life and remains so today in some Islamic countries.
Had gathered together
I remember with such distinction climbing up the stairs to my Grandparent’s Apartment with the amazing smell of Grandma’s dinner cooking.
In 1912, after she called him “the Old Maid of novelists” in a scathing review of his new book, Marriage, journalist and author Rebecca West met and fell in love with H. G. Wells. The often-explosive affair that resulted lasted for some months, until, in March of 1913, Wells — 26 years her senior and already a married man — broke of their relationship. West was distraught, and responded with the following intense letter.
Your bird don't look the type but she looks well alright, maybe more than you will ever see,
my hubby did most of the work on this project, which was pretty nice actually. i told him what i was thinking and he did it; imagine that?!
Good Evening Friends!
6) Bake for 6-8 minutes or until the edges gets lightly golden.
For as long as you need me
First of all, take a square of paper and round the corners. For the roses on my card I used one piece of 3" x 3" for the large rose and two pieces of 2 1/2" x 2 1/2" for the smaller roses. Round the corners with scissors (this isn't an exact science, just snip the corners off basically) and draw a spiral onto your paper with pencil.
“The only good Kraut is a dead Kraut”.
These little old couple figurines reminded me of my Grandma Alavon.
Understanding the Differences between Inputs and Outputs
Mr Wight was asked whether it was part of his job to break the law. Interestingly the initial reply was that this was “not strictly true” but Mr Wight stated that he did not accept it to be true when Mr Sheridan repeated the question.
Certainly there are cases of people who exploit the faith and values of society.
Our test today was pretty difficult, I thought. Some parts I breezed through but there were a few questions that I stayed stuck on for a while and I’m pretty sure I did wrong. I think I still need some practice with the venn deiagrams, especially the union and intersections of venn diagrams.
In 1866, a variation on the usual theatrical spectacle debuted at Niblo's that soon proved to be his most popular offering. Plays had featured popular songs in the past, and variants of operas (or rather, sung plays or 'ballad-operas') were popular. But in September, The Black Crook debuted, with odd traits at the time that have now come to typify the modern musical.
I guess I'm just ahead of the curve, as I began urban backyard chicken keeping 6 years ago. I began with 4 ameracauna hens, 2 of which I still have and still give me an egg each almost every day. They used to lay through the winter, but the past 2 years they stop in November and resume in late February (and really, who can blame them?). At one point I had 6 hens, having added 2 babies three years ago. Now I am down to 2 of the six year olds, and one of the youngers -- so only 3. However, from these three I am currently getting more than a dozen eggs a week. I would like to get two or three new chicks or pullets this summer, but we go to the beach in May, which makes timing difficult. Often when we get back the stores have sold out all of their chicks and don't get any more. But we'll see.
They’re giving us a brush hog and disc and bucket with it. We get to accessorize.
- No one. I’ve been in Bogdan’s these last few days. –
Drain pasta and cool with cold running water. Drain again and add to stir fry. When the pasta is coated and the sauce is slightly thickened, it is ready to serve.
The first mode is the New England industrial model, which spread west to the Great Lakes early on and trickled gradually southward from there. It’s one of the shibboleths of modern thought that industrial systems create wealth, but as Alf Hornborg points out usefully in The Power of the Machine, their main function is actually to concentrate wealth; the wealth that would have gone to a large number of small proprietors and skilled craftspeople in a nonindustrial society goes instead to the very small minority with the money and political connections to build and run factories, control access to raw materials and energy resources, and the like. That’s why every nation on Earth that has ever built an industrial economy within a free market system has ended up polarized between vast fortunes on the one hand and an even vaster number of hopelessly impoverished workers on the other. That’s the New England model—it was also the English model, but that will be relevant a bit later on—and it drives a very specific kind of imperial expansion, in which sources of raw materials, on the one hand, and markets where industrial products can be exported, on the other, are the central targets of empire.
Imagine if they can talk and communicate like us , definitely they will bring the case to “Court” & to fight for justice. Right?
The great sadness of being part of the broad New York coalition against British intransigence and entrenched Ulster unionism was that when the peace process began former comrades turned against each other. It was inevitable, I suppose, for as one wise old Republican stated, “it’s a lot easier be against something than for it.”
Who admits the delusive light through the bouncing wall,
Wordsworth
new henry plates and cups.
Rejection of male activities such as rough and tumble play, games and toys
I. LOVE. IT.
Shes such a sweet doll, so much fun! She loves CINDERELLA right now, I love how she says, "Rella purtty Rella"
if you could only see / the beast you’ve made of me / i’ve held it in but now it seems you’ve set it running free / screaming in the dark / i howl when we’re apart / drag my teeth across your chest to taste your beating heart
For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. For the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed.
This adorable stocking card is CASEd from the super talented Vicki Burdick. I saw a very similar card on her blog and decided I had to make it for myself. I changed very little from her version and I would love to link to her original but that feature seems to be down on blogger as I type this post. If you would like to see her original, please give me just a little time and I will try to get that fixed.
My opinion: Go with people you love to have a good time with & you will have fun at this movie!
UPDATE (1): 13th October, 2011. EDIT. The Irish Independent has two Paddy-positive articles in which the Maybourne sale by NAMA is questioned. The first has Paddy criticising NAMA’s abilities to maximise returns and the second just questions why NAMA sold the loans now. Meanwhile Britain’s Legal Week demonstrates how much of a jamboreee this transaction was for the lawyers. It says “Hogan Lovells, which was appointed to NAMA’s inaugural legal panel last year, advised the body through a London-based team led by restructuring partner Paul McLoughlin, who was assisted by senior associate Stuart Tait. The firm, which worked alongside Ireland’s Maples and Calder, initially advised NAMA in April on a restructuring of AIB and Bank of Ireland’s debt initially provided to Maybourne, which transferred to NAMA”
I love this chapter! It is filled with encouragement, practical advice, and straight-talk. Even this very useful bit of instruction in verse 3 includes the carrot of explanation to motivate the reader who must know the answer to the ever-present question “why?” in verse 4.
At this point, handlers for the event ushered Gehry’s interlocutors along.
6. Inspiration
I have learned that mistakes are meant to be learned from and NOT repeating… so the remaining years that I may be graced with will be full of less regrets as possible….
See you in a few months.
So I asked for a trot and Oliver stepped off neatly into a nice, energetic trot. I tried to encourage him to go on the bit, but my hands wanted to give together or move around and hang on the inside rein to steer. To encourage me to keep my hands together, Christy had me put my whip under my thumbs so they had to stay on the same plane of movement and start riding a figure-eight. The outside hand needed to hold, the inside needed to pulse and give, and the inside leg needed to keep us from collapsing in on our figure.
So what Hitler, Mussolini and Peron all show is what most modern-day Leftist intellectuals passionately deny: That you can be an extreme Leftist and an extreme nationalist too. And it shows something very troubling too: That the combination of Leftism and nationalism is POPULAR! The popularity of that combination is also shown in the way Germans fought to the end for Hitler. Perhaps we should be thankful that modern-day Leftists (who are often anything but patriotic) have not learned all that their Fascist brethren might have taught them.
I’m going to give employers the benefit of the doubt and assume that they are just misinformed, though of course there is a possibility that since the majority of people in the United States are classified (in a very problematic way) as overweight or obese, employers are just using this as an excuse to save money by making their fat employees pay up. But, giving them the benefit of the doubt:
"He will only be 2 once," Jon reminds me. And I know it. It brings both feelings of sadness and relief. I love 2. I hate 2. Mostly I love 2. But there are a few parts of 2 that really drive me batty. When I feel I am going batty I ask Noble, "How many are you Noble?" His little "I'n twoooo!" Makes me feel better.
There is a nice song that says; I have few good friends, my bills are paid, the person I love lays next to me, I have the moon up above and the sun and stars and I have it made.
I was guilty that thinking too. The Hubs and I were long distance for a very long time. I was ready to just get married and be done with it so we could finally be together. When I say long distance, I mean we didn't really date in the way normal couples would. Our dates consisted of airline tickets. When we finally did move in together I thought I was ready. I was sure of it. I'd seen my mother interact with my father. Surely it was simple. I learned quickly that what you may see on the surface of a relationship, may not be 100% accurate.
“I first met Stuart on stage at a U2 concert in Hammersmith Palais back in 1983″ says Mike Peters. “Bono introduced us to his audience as being “part of the the new breed” and Stuart was literally passed up onto the stage by the fans and I shook his hand as I handed him a guitar – an unforgettable entrance. The last time I saw him was also on stage with Big Country at Glasgow Barrowlands for the last night of the Final Fling tour in 2000, when we sang Neil Young’s ‘Rockin’ In The Freeworld’ together.
Dr. Laurence (Karloff) devises a method to switch the intangible elements that makes up a being's mind from one body to another, but snaps when he is mocked by the scientific establishment and a rich newspaper publisher (Cellier) pulls his patronage for the doctor's research. He decides to use his method for his own gain, up to and including switching bodies with the son of his former patron (Loder) so he can marry the beautiful and intelligent Dr. Clare Wyatt (Lee).
Pascale and I knew each other a little, I had met Lian a couple of times, Kaiyu was an entirely new acquaintance. He was the one who came out to Pudong Airport for C and I in a taxi when no-one else was around. We talked hesitatingly at first, he uncertain of his English, I uncertain how much he understood or wanted to speak. He sat in the front of the taxi, we were at the back. But I immediately warmed to him: something about his manner, quiet, reticent, but genuine. He took us to the hotel then, once we had settled in came to take us out to an artist friend's studio.
Here we go. By the way, I am back baby, getting that fire back in my belly – and that may not be a good thing today.
For now we travel and then we race. This is why I love being an athlete. Plan, prepare, compete and review. Next stop Sydney then Christmas and from there time will feel like it is speeding up.
These yummy slices actually makes an excellent treat for tea or even after lunch/dinner. Whats more, it is actually good for you. *Grins* I added some melted dark chocolate on top after baking to add some bitter sweet taste but it is nice by itself with the sweetness of the dates (milk chocolate can be used instead of dark chocolate for those who dont like the bitter sweet taste).
This card was made completely out of scraps. I have no clue what any of it is except the yellow paper (that's Tim Holtz's coordinating cardstock). This card is 4 1/2 x 9. I knew I wanted it to be really long to showcase the leaf paper. I inked all of the edges with Tim Holtz Distress Stain in Vintage photo. I love distress stains because it's so easy to run around the edges and more ink comes out.
I love to make kitchen gifts and with every passing year, I buy less and make more. My gifts are anxiously anticipated and make it even more enjoyable to create and package them. This year17 talented people looking for inspiration attended two nourish classes and came away with (I hope) many ideas and the confidence to feed those they love delicious holiday treats.
I saw Mary Fellowes this morning, and she was hoping that all these new people understand that there's more to being a town councillor than going to meetings - there's also inspecting the public toilets, and removing fly tipping down the railway line, and other things that some people might not want to do.
(iii) The witness must be subject to adverse-question by or on behalf of the accused
You have to come to the resolution that in the end they are poision for you, that it is better to have met him, he has qualities that you can search for in other guys, but they will hopefully have the other qualities he was lacking or rather the same emotion that you felt for him.
This little cutie is for little Sweetpea (my smallest child) for Easter, they get so much chocolate I thought I would create them something instead for Easter as my kiddies really don't need any extra energy :-)
For like you, i too, make the world go round.
but the way you lay, with my lips so close to your neck
My report said, "Nicola has no aptitude for science subjects." Thanks, mate. Obviously, he was wrong, since I went on to write two books about the brain, but sometimes teachers don't know everything.
“The Compound Effect” by Darren Hardy, buy it and read it. As he says, not literally, BUT… Be PERSITENT… Be PATIENT… Be UNUSUAL… Do whatever you have to do to get results… or be noticed…
The 2010 Matric exams are fast approaching and Bush Radio 89.5 FM and the Western Cape Education Department is attempting to ease the stress of matrics through a series of revision programmes which will be aired every Monday and Wednesday evening from 7 to 8pm.
“It’s a schedule a daily schedule from Monday to Friday so I as well a the kids know when we need to be doing what.” I tried to explain as showing him The Managers of Their Homes workbook I have used in the past. I told him to look it over and his eyes glazed over after seeing all the different slots and times.
I continued to play a bit more and ended up with the next two pieces. Drawing both took me back to memories of Easter Sunday and my grandmother's house. She would already have a big bowl of decorated eggs waiting when we arrived. She was more excited than we were to hide the eggs.
Here are just a few of the things that I saw that I want. I bought a really cute plaid dress while I was there that was on sale! I also bought my beau a guitar kitchen spatula. Don't forget to check out their housewares department.
Go out with your friends without your partner.
Leigh will be talking you though the food and beer, I'll be selling you the beer if you should wish to buy some more, and I've been told that Zak will be around for a chin wag for a bit too. It's going to be a relaxed and enjoyable evening, and a great way to introduce new people to the joys of great beer and food. I've been told the theme for the night will be sweet treats (cakes, muffins etc..) and some darker stuff; nice Porters, Stouts, maybe some Dunkel Weisse and general desert beers.
There was much derision about the fact that the characters drop out of supposedly soul-destroying yuppie jobs only to get 'McJobs', working in shops and bars, which are hardly more fulfilling! Even Clare defended the characters on this, saying that the point is that they are no longer defined by their unfulfilling jobs, but that didn't wash with the detractors: surely, the answer came, they are just messing about, knowing that they can depend on their middle-class parents, so they are hardly rebelling against their parents' generation. And they go home for Christmas!! Only middle-class people can afford to drop out, it was cried. Ann, had, like me, liked the prose and especially the 'footnotes', but did now agree with the detractors that the characters' situations were something of a middle-class indulgence. In fact, there is a 'footnote' which comments on this, self-ironically in my opinion, but I didn't recall it during the discussion: 'SAFETY NET-ISM: The belief that there will always be a financial and emotional safety net to buffer life's hurts. Usually parents.' There was more derision about the fact that the characters choose to do their dropping-out in California. I should have quoted a passage from near the beginning which I think carries conscious irony about the compromise involved. Noting the lordly luxuries of the rich retired inhabitants of the area, narrator Andy says,
Below works are from the a Due Colori series:
As an athlete, this speaks to me. I don’t walk into the gym, start putting weights on the bar, and attempt my max back squat before I’ve even taken off my sweatpants. Agonia = warm-up. Check.
I don’t imagine I ever swung as good, even at college.
No doubt, you have the alternative or ‘new’ media to counter what the mainstream media says about the opposition. But how many Malaysians have access to the Internet? More than 90% of Malaysians have access to the government-controlled TV stations. So TV is by far more effective than the Internet. And the TV stations are used as the main propaganda arm of the ruling party. The opposition is fighting a losing battle in trying to counter what the TV stations report.
The pull model is all about collaborating, creating and sharing in the spirit of 21st century learning, but it does not work without a community. As the trainer I am responsible for the supply of information to our faculty but I am also hoping to enlist you, the community, to help supply me with guidance and solutions to problems that arise throughout the year.
TMI also described Gani’s statement as “outrageous at the very least as he was offering protection to a group of people who have not had the decency to apologise for their actions” and that the AG was “condoning vigilantism”.
xox.
#6 Couple tee.
“It’s no secret this is not popular with leadership,” he said. “They just want to be popular with members. Some of the most sacred conversations here on the Hill are about member pay and benefits. You start messing with that and you get real trouble in both parties.”
Level 20: MP Cost: 50, Duration: 200 seconds, 75% chance to not get knocked back.
Rise Of The Cybermen
She was funny, sweet and incredibly talented.
The last one is going to my Werewolf loving friend. The base is also red and layered with black bazzill. Then I used my brand new Martha Stewart Embossing Zig-Zag punch that my friend brought back from the USA (a week later I found out that it is now available at Spotlight! About time someone in Australia got Martha Stewart!!!) across the bottom of the bookmark. The wolf image was stamped in black on Watercolour paper and coloured with markers and a blender pen and then cut out and glued to the front. The sentiment has been stamped in black and cut out with the Classic Oval Nestabilities.
Some put on a suit, put up a slogan, and sell hope of "success", whatever that means. Some setup a blackboard, a whipping stick, and sell bundles of lessons and how-to's, until you want to burp out "shall"s and "shall-not"s and say enough already. Some sell illicit goods, red lantern hung up high, shadowy figure moving about behind halfhearted curtains. Some rolled up carts full of inspirations, setting up shops for the soul without fanfare. Some sell books, pages, and words, whatever you might make of them. Some sell poems, a league all of their own, more of an exchange. Some, just hanging out, chilled out. But most of all, people set up a doorway here to give directions and maps to their other shops, whatever or wherever those might be.
The Newscorp ‘do what you have to do’ culture permeated every sweat gland in Andy Coulson’s body. But of the main element in that culture – the one thing that made it possible – he apparently knew nothing.
The welcome, the thrice-prayed for, the most fair,
They became clay bells in the Showa period.
The Dwarves, incredibly perfect concept for shaking up that old sterotype.
Elizabeth W. Seaver
Selection Process: Early entries are encouraged. Previewing will occur on a daily and weekly basis by Dave Bown Projects as submissions are received.
As a Jesuit—and a Saint, into the bargain.
“Yeah, you did, Larry,” Dzinski said, drumming his fingers on the dark wood counter. “I just like to see things with my own eyes. Force of habit, you know.”
the Slice of Life
‘You know, you wouldn’t feel so out of place if you put on some clothes,’ said Judy when I happened to mention this incident over our smoothie-maker a few minutes later. ‘Lord knows what the neighbours think when they look out to see you bending down to pick up the milk.’
Particular localities and occasions where syncretism was prominent in the ancient world included the city of Naukratis, founded by Pharaoh Amasis in 570 BCE to facilitate trade with the Greek world. The Histories of Herodotus, written in the fifth century BCE, also engages in a great deal of Interpretatio Graeca syncretism in his treatment of the religions of non-Greek cultures, including the Scythians, Egyptians, and Thracians. The life and rule of Alexander the Great in the fourth century BCE, of course, also kicked off a period of fruitfully unprecedented syncretism in the ancient world, with his wide travels and conquests from Greece to India, and particularly his influences in Egypt. It was those Egyptian conquests and activities, carried on after his death by the Ptolemaic dynasty, that has given us some of our most prominent examples of syncretism.
But if being the bedtime nazi gives you a sense of peace and order in your lives, I'm sure your family is used to it by now. Kids are resilient like that.
I've started with a base of Very Vanilla, layered with Old Olive and more Vanilla. The layer of Vanilla has been stamped with Vintage Wallpaper in Memento Desert Sand. Next I've added a strip of Olive, a piece of ribbon and then a piece of Fawn Bazzill (punched on one side) that has also been stamped with Vintage Wallpaper - but on the darker paper it doesn't show as strongly. My feature panel has been stamped using Just Keep Calm in Memento Bamboo Leaves and Rich Cocoa (for the sentiment). It was then cut out using Nested Medallion Label Dies and framed with Old Olive cut with Lacey Squares and all popped up on foam tape. To finish I've added a Prima flower, some branches cut with Foliage Shapeabilities and a few pearls.
This time, of course, the magicians have new rabbits and new hats. But it's all still illusions.
In turn, the consumer’s approval depends in large measure on the sort of container that has been designed to deliver the liquid to a set of waiting lips in a way that assure optimal freshness and quality.
LORD OF THE RINGS: It's all completely humourless and is desperately in need of Brian Blessed SHOUTING LIKE HE DID IN FLASH GORDON. "HAWKMEN,DIIIIIIVE!" (When he was in his patrol car in Z Cars did he shout: "POLICEMAN, DRIIIIIVE!"?)
Anjolee: It’s fun to sweat it out.
On January 19, 2009 I was driving north on I 95 near Jacksonville, Florida when Trooper Howard was wrongly advised by the U.S. Secret Service that I was a potential assassin of the new president and had a van full of weapons. I was made aware of this information on January 21st by way of a reliable confidential informant in the federal government.
Church number 2 is a church that I already know two families at from our homeschool group. My issues with this church are smaller. The first being they are currently without a pastor, not that a pastor makes a church, but he can make a difference in a church. The other issue is more that my husband doesn't love this church. I could probably settle here if he felt comfortable.
I bought a bunch of bananas at the grocery. put all but one in the trunk.
Stephen Fry who plays Jeeves in the series about the duo said the following about Wodehouse,
Guilt and Fear. The two main weapons used to keep the people under control.
may goyts moss 7m tbc
4. Add in the Brussels sprouts and coat them with the bacon and the bacon fat giving the sprouts a little bit of color and then add ½ cup of water to finish the cooking.
I just think it would do us all some good, especially in Portland where costume is practically encouraged, and especially in summer when people do ridiculous things with their wardrobes, to remember how stupid you can look when you’re trying too hard. Coachella just happens to be my favorite example.
So, I've set some goals for myself for the next few weeks...I've written them down so I can reassess in a week or two. Here they are:
10. Peace in the Valley
Published books have always been respected because of the many gatekeepers they had to go through to get on that bookstore shelf. Numerous people had to agree that the book was worthy of publication. Large companies had to invest money and time. All of that added to the value of each book.
every single vein in me from yours they have come
I think you should, specifically for the vendors working the entire wedding -- which can last 6 hours or more. Talk to your caterer about having meals prepared for the musicans/DJ, wedding planner and her staff, the photographer and videographer and their assistants. These are the vendors who will be working your entire wedding day and they will need food and drinks (non-alcoholic ones of course) in order to stay awake and energized.
Or tidy.
I saw her several times in the ensuing years. She seemed to have mellowed, to have dropped some of the anger she cloaked herself in, but was still caught in poverty and abuse according to what she confided to me one time when she visited me after school.
And it's important that you remember this. People don't owe you a thing. They don't have to put up with you while you put your shit together.
Of course it wasn't until 1491 that Kanada Kolumbus reached what today is known as Canada. When Kolumbus finally reached Canadian shores, he was greeted by four Chiefs of the Loki tribe, each of them presenting him with a bottle of Ale on Lees. Now considered as the founders of modern day Canada, these Four Loko (much like a group of gooses are called geese, a group of Loki are called Loko) helped Kolumbus and his men found the city now known as Leduc (city motto: "This place is Leduculous!") and it is in their honor that we gather each year on Canadian Thanksgiving to drink four bottles of Ale on Lees.
He started crying and running back towards the safety of the patio. Poor baby. Nora tried to coax him back to the fence to see the dogs but he was too upset. Later Nora comes in and tells me the lady told her, “really? You baby brother cried because of the dogs,” like he had no right, like it was a slight against her and her dogs. He’s 1 year old for crying out loud. Her words really upset Nora because of the tone, implying that Nora and Jack had done something wrong to make the dogs bark and there was no reason for him to cry about it. They weren’t doing a damn thing but playing in their own yard.
While most Nachos sold in restaurants are filled with other ingredients such as tomato slices, black beans, bacon, spinach, pickles, mayonnaise and cheese, we prefer ours to be as simple as this. One advantage of our nachos is the fact that it's homemade and I believe it's relatively nutritious .
The Adventures of Tintin is a fast-paced story that rushes from action piece to action piece. The action scenes are incredibly well-constructed, particularly the long (and eventful) chase scene through the streets of the port city where Tintin and Haddock find the third model. The animation looks great - although this appears to be one of the most polarizing elements of the film, and I can understand why as it does cross the line into the uncanny valley. While the look can be a bit unsettling at first, in my experience with the film it took very little time for the visual element to stop being a distraction. It helps, of course, that Steven Spielberg brings a great deal of imagination and skill to how the story unfolds visually, packing the film with exciting scenes and great payoffs.
Kiss Crush Collide by Christina Meredith
DRS is a family owned company since 1950 boasts hundreds of original rubberstamp designs. All images are available fully mounted, completely unmounted or mounted on cling cushion and are proudly hand crafted in the USA.
I don't know why. It happened fast. They were on the hoods. Then they weren't. I can only assume it was a bump or a pothole. But off they were. And as I was about to make a turn, albeit at a measly 30kmh, I really needed them on. Yeah, it happened fast. But everything else happened slow. Slowly, my latest bike and I sped toward the very wrong side of the road. Slowly, I tried to regain balance, get my hands on the bars, make the turn. Slowly, the red van in the corner of my eye hurtled towards me.
The love I always longed to find,
I have been seeing a very important magnetic pole aligned in May for the last several weeks or so. There is absolutely no doubt in my heart that these two timelines are related.
to simply persist and keep trying…
A quote from Grayling – “They just don’t understand that in today’s world, things don’t come on a plate. That government can’t just create opportunity for all. That people have to go the extra mile if they want to succeed.
I am ONE with God’s Will and can never be separated from it, so it is not something I have to seek. As I breathe, God’s will is active in me. As my blood flows, God’s will is active in me. As I think, God’s will is active in me. As I participate in any activity I choose, God’s will is always active in me.
One encouraging sign, however, is that most of the perpetuals issued so far this year by companies such as Global Logistic Properties, Singapore Post and Olam International are trading well above their respective issue prices.
I was playing in front of my building when one of my friends told me about a good pickup game at the local schools court, we decided to check it out and we saw that all of the baskets were already taken. Luckily another one of my b-ball friends was at one of the baskets so we joined him, after a while some girls came up and said they were practicing for a tournament and wanted to play 3 on 3 with us.
At that same instant, Muffy arrives to greet her guests. The sheriff watches the ferryman disappear in the distance, then asks Muffy if he can borrow her boat to get back to the mainland himself. Before he fetches the keys, he warns the group to stay on the island, in case he needs to question them or press charges. On the way to the mansion, Skip bitterly tells Rob and Kit that nothing bad ever happens to Muffy. Not true, Skip....you showed up!
Inspired by the 1930′s club by the same name in Harlem, New York, they will present a unique show based on fashion, music, and art deco style of the time.
Get a pile of scraps/selvage edges. The longer pieces that I used were ones from squaring up my fabric before I would cut it
Some people may have viewed Émilie primarily as Voltaire’s muse, but she was much more. She was a brilliant, sometimes contradictory, woman who chose as much as possible to live life on her own terms.
I thought surgery was not an option until my till last MRI at MD Anderson's. At this point, Dr. Gilbert was very convincing that I did need surgery, and my options were slim. An operations that could take away my speech, mobility to my right side, and risk my quality of life. A surgery that as best usually removed 80 % of the tumor, even on not so complicated cases. MY TUMOR IS 100 % gone!!! Tears fill my eyes as write this. God was been my strength from day one, and even on the darkest of days he held my hand, and has proven miracle on my life each and each days. 100%. I'm still battling actual cancer cells and will probably start chemo over the next week, but I will cross that bridge when I come to it.
In a statement, the group added: “The hijab or scarf worn on the head is an obligation in Islam on every Muslim woman when outside of the house or in the company of non-family members.
In a stunning prologue we follow Arvin Eugene Russell on a dismal October morning as he follows his father, Willard, through pasture and woods until they reach a clearing where the remains of a big red oak tree lies on its side.
What immortal hand or eye,
I have a kid on his way to Afghanistan. His fifth deployment.
I Know it wasn't easy for Rene to know that I had moved on. She still maintains that she loves me dearly, and doesn't wish to let go. Yet, that is not what her actions say. Her actions suggested a deep level of shame for what we had become together. I think anyone that saw the ABC special could see that, except of course, her. It became too hard to live with myself, knowing I had done this to her. I felt like a complete coward and wanted to just, run away. Hide...
In a large mixing bowl, dissolve yeast and 1 tablespoon sugar in 1 cup warm water. Add the oil, egg, salt, 2 cups flour, and remaining sugar and water. Beat until smooth. Stir in enough remaining flour to form a soft dough. Turn onto a floured surface; knead until smooth and elastic, about 6-8 minutes. Place in a greased bowl, turning once to grease top. Cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled, about 40 minutes.
Build A Cottage
2. Combine remaining 2 3/4 teaspoons cornstarch, remaining 1 tablespoon soy sauce, and chicken in a medium bowl; toss well to coat.
I'm sold. I'll pay $28 bucks for a manicure that lasts that long!
21.) “Never give up on something you can’t go a day without thinking about.”
Back in the day we called them “mochos,” because their speech was all cut up. I would never have known that my English was all cut up too unless I had left and heard my English up against the Southern English. The people transformed. Not magically or romantically, you understand, but they became something greater in my eyes. Folks worth writing about and for. The idea is to leave, even metaphorically, one’s zone of comfort to discover greater things about oneself.
One of the first tests was making out a white plate and cup on a black background.
Many students are shown this method, albeit without the prison imagery. Write the prime factorization of the number. Circle the pairs. Write/multiply circled numbers outside the radical sign. There is real math behind this procedure. By definition, √2 × √2 = 2. However, I found that students who were taught this method couldn’t tell me why √(2×2×3) = 2√3. Where did the other 2 go?
“Susan & Sabrina were great, very helpful, and understanding. They were never pushy and made sure we were making the right choices at all times. We would use them again for our next property purchase.”
7.) back stitch
List Price: $13.99
On the first day of the festival, all guests will be waiting with a glass of plum Horincă, our hosts dressed in costumes, a great pleasure to welcome you with hospitality typical Maramures true.
(Laura Ebohon)
And there's a new podcast ready for download this Friday. It's a big one!
What conclusion can any reasonable person draw from this other than that Evian and Foster's have made effective advertisements and Walkers and Cadbury's have not? Not only do Foster's make it clear that they are advertising a beer, they have made a series of different adverts using the same characters for a campaign that is still ongoing. Cadbury's, on the other hand, made one notoriously uninformative advert back in 2007 when the kids involved in this survey were 5 or 6 years old.
DOWNTOWN
naked in their transparency as he watched me
We loved our separate rooms in Georgia and North Carolina.
Ring: Disney Couture
my images transmute.
Becoming a father has definitely made me feel older, but that’s more a function of parenthood than age. I still don’t feel the sociocultural gravitas I thought I’d feel at 42. I have a family and an accidental career in civil service, but I haven’t put away childish things and have no intention of doing it voluntarily.
All the diecut pieces of paper were cut using Tim Holtz On the Edge dies by Sizzix. The dies were; File Tabs, Ornate, and Brackets. I cut them out of patterned paper and cardstock and then layered them, just showing a little bit of each paper. When I'm layering different patterned papers, I find that placing just a small bit of solid in between (you don't need much) separates the patterns and they don't look so busy, plus the patterns stand out on their own.
But no. Instead, three years of arrogantly patting myself on the back, as though I'd achieved the feat on my own.
Band makeup: Gabby Huber
I am not at liberty to explain if George survived his encounter with Bernard Madoff at The Reichenbach Falls… you will have to listen right to the end of the audio version to find out…
Brian Andrews, Loo Bain, Kimberley Baker, Lauren Ball, Leon Carver, John Collins, Tom Colley, Rob Davis, Vince Dermody, Andreana Donahue, Stephanie Dowell, Jeff Earhart, Stephen Eichhorn, Ken Fandell, Cayetano Ferrer, Diane Figueredo, Katie Fitzgerald, Ben Foch, Erin Foley, Rebecca Grady, Sayre Gomez, Frank D. Giovanni, Matthew Ginsberg, Kate Gronner, Antonio Guerrero, Jacob Christopher Hammes, Justin Hansch, Brandon Heuser, Peter Hoffman, Alex Hertzog, Dennis Hodges, Jakub Jerzy, Stacie Johnson, Gwen Jones, Wyatt Kahn, Lauren Kessenger, Alessandro Keegan, Gerard Kilgallon, Michael Langlois, Ross Luebe, Katharine Lion, Colin Lyons, George Liebert, Eric Mirabito, Teena McClelland, Jameson McShane, Becca Mann, Deirdre McConnell, Amy Mayfield, Thea Miklowski, Ralph Moran, Duncan MacKenzie, Anna Mayer, Chad Magnuson, Josh Mannis, Rich Mansfield, Rob Meinhardt, Eric May, Julia Marsh, Lindsay Madden, Don Moore, Liz Nielsen, Tish Noel, Jamisen Ogg, Lonnie Potter, John Phillips, Jon Phillips, Daniel Pineda, ChaeEun Chaenny Rhee, Scott Reeder, Amanda Ross-Ho, Nathan Redwood, Jeremy Roberts, Katie Scanlan, Min Song, Bert Stabler, Jason Starr, Ben Seamons, Susan Smolinski, Stan Schultz, Shannon Stratton, Maria Stubbs, Justin Schaefer, Michael Thibault, Adrian Tone, Julia Tcharfas, Amber Vilas, Roseann Vital, Siebren Versteeg, Kevin Vlack, J. Patrick Walsh III, Nate Wolf, Brandon White and others. (Erik Wenzel, Artist Extraordinaire)
I HATE: everything about George W. Bush and this administration.
It includes all of the Stampin' Up!, Unity, and Punches that I have listed on my For Sale Page.
Aggra continuously pushes Thrall to discard his chosen name and take up the moniker of Go’el. I say “chosen name” because although Blackmoore named the orcling he discovered ‘Thrall,’ that same orc chose to continue using this name even after being freed from slavery. I say “moniker of Go’el” because, well… I will explain. Read on.
Cook fettuccine in salted boiling water until al denté. Drain, toss with a little oil to prevent sticking, and set aside. Melt butter over medium heat and sauté garlic 1 minute in a large sauté pan. Add cream and stir constantly over medium heat until mixture starts to bubble. Add Parmesan and stir until smooth and creamy. Turn off heat; add pasta to sauce and toss to coat. Serve immediately with fresh ground pepper and more Parmesan. Additional ingredients, such as sautéed shrimp or crabmeat, are an excellent addition.
Annie St-Arneault, 23 - mechanical engineering
It forced me to look at life differently. I changed who I was being and who I could become. The love I had was like nothing I felt before. It was empowering, fulfilling, and her name will always have a soft spot in my heart.
Those same people set roadside bombs to kill more of Gods Human creations, one bomb of which most recently took 6 British soldiers lives.
Europe: €11
No one takes it from me, but I lay it down on my own. I have power to lay it down, and power to take it up again. This command I have received from my Father.”
Occupy Wall Street took Zuccotti park on 17 September 2011, by December 2011 Verso published 'Occupy!: Scenes from Occupied America'; it also bears witness, but from up close. The book begins and continues with diary-like reports on the atmosphere of camp and marches, the deliberations during general assemblies, the internal strife between the drummer circle and the rest, the problems of camps not being truly representative of the 99%, the doubts and insecurities that slowly creep in, the mayhem of eviction and of course the logistical nightmare of the laundry. There are 28 authors beautifully edited with each new author adding a new perspective, historical essays on China town, labour unions and consensus decision making, some writers are celebrities like that Hegelian Harlequin (rousing) and Angela Davis (short but strong), unknown writers drop in narratives from other occupation sites. Oakland, Atlanta, Philadelphia each finding a way to deal with the problems generated by local historic and political circumstances. The book is consistently intelligent (there are only two contributions that I like less for being abstract) and well-paced, all the more remarkable for the immediacy of its subject and speed of its production. The design also gets top marks.
Oh, & my point was that these sunglasses were $2.80. Woop woop !
I am so thankful for everything. I love being a mother/wife/sister/daughter/friend even though at times it's stressful and you can't get your own space. I ask God to give me the graces to get through and he is listening to me. I am so thankful for my healthy children and husband, to be able to live in a place where our freedoms are protected and I pray for all those who are suffering whether it be due to poverty, war, persecution of faith/religion/cast, or illness. We should be more kinder to each other and give more readily.
Three reactors at the Fukushima-1 nuclear power plant suffered core meltdowns last March after the area was hit by a magnitude 9.0 earthquake that triggered a massive tsunami.
Sentences must have verbs.
However, today, I found one thing that I can do that hubby can't.
Baby girl this is your anthem
Although I rarely leave comments on his site (rather too many Americans to make me feel at home), I found the contents of the post so utterly irresponsible that I fired off an immediate reply, which I am now following up by extending it to a letter, expressing my disappointment on behalf of all my fellow Dicks.
Jools Holland is the new face of The Brennan JB7, the "revolutionary CD player with a hard disk that stores up to 5,000 CDs" or "computer" as the technology-minded amongst us might say.
GREG
As you can see, my haul this year is pretty focused on skincare and I actually only picked up one colour makeup product. *shock* I didn’t even realise until I was unpacking.. I’ve got a couple of base makeup items coming up in the next (and final) haul post for my Korea 2012 trip, but it’s still mostly skincare. I’ve been slightly more focused on skincare ever since my skin condition took a nosedive. No amount of makeup can make up for poor skin condition, so I’m going back to basics for now. *cross fingers*
I’ve got one big rule that’s going to be set in stone. Once the Garmin arrives, there is to be no more bulimia. If I don’t eat, that’s fine and dandy and, ok, intentional. But there will be no more spending hundreds of pounds on food I don’t even like. I am more than a craving. I will be a person again.
Scoop out cake balls with a small ice cream scoop; place on a tray and set in the refrigerator to chill or in the freezer for later.
As he brings those he has been ordered to collect home a new world unravels for the Elves that neither has expected. As the King claims his bride, Eden hears a different voice, for the GREAT GUARDIAN has recognized her for what she is. TRATCHAR. A title that has been lost in time and is said only to live in legend. None have lived in the living memory of those who dwell in the Empire. Embraced by the forest that surrounds her, revered by the inhabitants, Eden seeks no more than to regain the peace she knew in the valley, while Gabriel wishes no more than to hold her tight to his side.
fun recipes for cinco de mayo!!
During 1969 - 1974 Ballin' Jack headlined up and down the West Coast. They went on nationwide US tours warming up for many of the bands at venues like the Fillmore East and West. They were on the bill of several large music festivals of the era.
One problem: I lose the satellite when we have thunderstorms.
We speak of temperature. We speak of cold that is so cold that it actually creates less resistance to the flow of energy. This is actually the catalyst for increasing that which is magnetic by 10, 100 times, even 1,000-fold depending on the temperature. Without technical machinery, it was one of the attributes that allowed you to do what you did in that temple.
Or am I wrong?
Then a wind went out from the Lord, and it brought quails from the sea and let them fall beside the camp, about a day’s journey on this side and a day’s journey on the other side, all around the camp, about two cubits deep on the ground. So the people worked all that day and night and all the next day, gathering the quails; the least anyone gathered was ten homers; and they spread them out for themselves all around the camp. But while the meat was still between their teeth, before it was consumed, the anger of the Lord was kindled against the people, and the Lord struck the people with a very great plague.
That His children will not be overtaken with temptation, that an escape will be provided
The company’s product, called Clotamin, contains no vitamin K and reduced amounts of vitamin A, D and E, which is also a concern for people on blood thinners.
She returned home to find a locked house with no one willing to open the door for her.
The trend was borne out in a survey by the Arab American Institute (AAI), released on Thursday, in which only 33 percent of respondents said their attitudes regarding Egypt were favorable, compared to 34 percent who said they viewed Egypt unfavorable light.
Tease Me
Please note the use of the word ”if” in that last paragraph. Douchebaggery is defined by intent — and that’s what I really want to talk about. But first, a little backgrounder…
"Is that the baby?"
So that is my story.
Roughly a decade behind the times, I've finally created a blog. In my defense, however, my newspaper columns at my former gig were posted online.
The fish has several advantages because they are lightweight, have few calories and help control cholesterol levels in the blood. They have practically all the nutrients needed to meet the demand of the body such as calcium, phosphorus, iron, iodine, cobalt and vitamins A, B1, B2 and D.
eight songs played in this broadcast are heard in that (studio) record, all except for the Smiths one, including all three of the ones that became singles. if an Irish artist wants to make it big in the USA Boston is a good place to start. there's a very large Irish population in Boston area, it was one of the first places beyond Ireland that U2 became hugely popular, and Sinéad O'Connor also became very popular in short time in the Little Ireland of New England.
our humble servant
2. If you missed the reveal of the cover for THE KILL ORDER, be sure and CLICK HERE. I really love what Philip Straub and the design team at Random House have done with it. The book comes out August 14th.
Third, he was good at using another’s empathy. Although anger was his primary temper for controlling others, he was excelled in shifting his emotional expressions from extreme angry to extreme sadness, automatically or voluntarily. Suddenly, he appeared to be a helpless and sad person, needing immediately to be babied by others, arousing his victims’ empathy right away (This shift is part of his performance, different from the emotional instability as observed in borderline personality disorders).
So we attributed our semi-slow service
Pencil - Intelligence/Scholarly
Today was a great day! We finally got to meet the very talented man, John Arford, whose boxes, carriers and benches we have carried for years. I know many of you have them in your homes because we have purchased a lot of them! This was the lead I told you about yesterday. Previously we have only purchased his items through other dealers but finally we were given information on his whereabouts and his personal phone number.
Thank you for filling my life with imagination, beautiful words, and thought provoking stories. Nothing can replace the feel of pages turning or the smell of ink on paper. You remind this world to slow down and ensure imagination will remain the ultimate storyteller.
Being out in the wilderness, breathing fresh air, and literally seeing the source of my foods provides inspiration for a cook like no other. The inspiration for this road trip meal was local, sustainable, organic Georgia produce, supplied directly from the source. I have included the recipes now, and will be speaking in depth about each farm that contributed to this meal over the coming days.
And now, the pretty bits. Photos from the tour, mostly uncaptioned because I couldn't remember what they were if I tried...
So, when I got home tonight and found Harley Rotbart’s piece, Just Parent, No Philosophy Required, I took a deep breath and patted myself on the back. We all have different parenting styles. I am not going to shake my head at the mom who refuses to allow her kids to climb trees because maybe she had an awful experience of falling when she was little or witnessed another child have an awful experience or maybe she just gets anxious about it and doesn’t want to be sick to her stomach as they climb. Who knows why she is prohibiting it but at least she is at the park with them allowing them fresh air and swings and slides. And I am not going to poo-poo the fruit mom who refuses to put one unnatural food in her childrens’ bodies. Maybe she had a parent die from cancer or maybe she is a dietician (my mom used to be a dietician but I think I rebelled completely). I am trying so hard to not judge people – even when they may be judging me until the cows come home. Because in the end, all three of us moms tonight were there for our kids in the park – in the metaphorical bleachers cheering them on – and that is all that matters.
I will offer thanks for what has been and was to come
Some of the extremely rewarding species of products will be jewellery.
“Whatever, you’re a jerk, you’re trying to take the fun out of hockey, and you turned out to be wrong.”
'Shadowboxes' by Vanessa Blakeslee
All you need to make nut milk is your favorite nut (or a combination – get creative!), water, a blender, and a strainer. Of course a nut milk bag is the most convenient, but don’t let that stop you – there are all kinds of things you can use instead, which I mention in the video above. You can even flavour the nut milk with vanilla, raw honey, agave, or dates. Delicious!
“Um, no I don’t have it, I’m afraid.” Michal looked up at the girl on the till in useless appeal. Perhaps they would be conspirators together, against the system. But the girl had suddenly turned into a robot. Indeed, he thought that he heard a soft whirring and the faintest of bleeps as she turned to face him.
My father passed on many years ago but he was in the Canadian Air force in WW2. I still remember hearing stories told by his friends and him,( most of which gave me nightmares) but there was another side to my father and that was of a poet.
Polenta: 125 grams, 0.9 l water (depends on what kind of polenta you use. We recommend using a bit more water than indicated)
I purchase it at my local health food store. On the Life Extension website it costs
Of an included challenge to one of Nokia's patents, Mark Durrant of Nokia said: “Nokia is confident that all of the 37 patents it has asserted against Apple” are valid,
Varietal: Pino Grigio
“…let us note that the very tradition, teaching, and faith of the Catholic* Church from the beginning was preached by the Apostles and preserved by the Fathers. On this the Church was founded; and if anyone departs from this, he neither is, nor any longer ought to be called, a Christian.” Ad Serapion 1,28 (c. A.D. 350).
The point being, if you’re an in-house marketer, it’s important to know where these missed opportunities exist companywide, and to secure wins with minimal efforts that integrate seamlessly into the activities these employees are already performing.
His love was so deep – that he took the unpopular route because he wants and wanted what was best for us.
thanks will be given, as will many praises
Tomorrow I will regularly check my dad's old-ass Timex Marathon to see just how far I've fallen off my ridiculously lofty goal. I'll think about the miles it's seen, the splits it has frozen in time, and the man who wore it before me. And my struggles will seem small.
Today was also Crazy Hair Day so that added to the excitement! One of my former students had hair that looked Seuss-ish so she came down and showed it off to my class.
"Where the car is parked"! Oh this reminds me of the time I was shopping at the mall with all the kids about a year ago. We left the mall and walked through the parking lot to our car (at the time I had a green van that didn't lock). I opened the passenger door and threw my purse in the car and started to open the sliding side door. The kids were standing there, looking at me like I was nuts. I snapped at them, "Get in the car! Why are you guys just standing there?" They answered, "This isn't our car, Mom!" I looked in the passenger side where I'd tossed my purse and saw a pack of cigarettes on the seat and some other items that didn't belong to me. Oops. I quickly grabbed my purse, closed the door and hoped and prayed that no one would think I'd just snatched a purse out of someone else's car. Then we very quickly walked down the row to our real car. The kids still haven't let me live that one down.
Okay, I'm not really big on New Year's Resolutions. One, because I usually forget what I resolved a month into the new year, and two, because I usually don't follow through (obviously!)
It's terrible, tragic and ironic, but it also makes sense - in a weird, double-agent-ironic way - that this small, understated story of remembering and loss should be on the verge of falling into the vacuum. The story is, after all, an extended meditation on nostalgia, grieving and renewal. It's about preserving yourself against the abyss; carving a space of light in a world where all seems dark. When Tom Birkin (Colin Firth) arrives in the tiny Yorkshire hamlet of Oxgodsby, he suffers from a stammer, a facial tic and terrible nightmares. He's also freshly divorced and still pining for his ex-wife, Vinnie (never shown on screen). He arrives in Oxgodsby in rainy twilight and makes his way to a gloomy church. His job for the coming summer months is to restore a decrepit, hidden 14th-century fresco from the church's ancient walls.
Makes 3/4 Cup
Montreal has colourful communities to explore, cameras in hand.
“That is the ugliest ducking I’ve ver seen!’ the neghbor screeched.
Me: what? What does that mean?
Some familiarity with the actual historical context might be necessary to really understand the relationships between characters, or the greater political shifts that occur across the edges of the film, but really this is Brownlow's attempt at a John Ford western - think Drums Along the Mohawk (1939) perhaps - by way of the rigorous , precise, historical documentary-dramas of Peter Watkins or Straub-Huillet.
Mandira Bedi: A reality show in its truest sense. Some stirring & troubling realities of our times.. I applaud @aamir_khan
Fun
As the article mentions, this opens up some interesting possibilities. In effect, stories will now be published on a a stand-alone basis, without the associated content of a magazine, but with the imprimatur of the Atlantic's editorial staff. And the Kindle is a more flexible medium than print; it can just as easily handle short-shorts or stories that would have been too long for magazines, but too short for publication as a book. This development even offers some hope for the novella--arguably the most perfect of fiction forms, but one that has never really been able to find a market in the world of print.
Oh! If you happen to take this cruise, don't forget to bring some cash for tips at the end. Jimbo and his team work hard. I'm so glad I had some cash on me. I never usually do!
I could go on and on about these guys, but the point is, even with a poor station, these guys look past what they don’t have and work towards being the best they can be given the circumstances. They are creative in their solutions and are community driven.
I used Martha Stewart scoreboard to go around my card..
After that I changed gears a little, partially because the beer I wanted wasn't pouring properly, and ordered an Ithaca Caskazilla, a red ale.
Eye:
Thank you Andrea! I am excited to NOT be wearing maternity clothes soon too!
Shaunna
Forgive me for the disrepair
For seasoning:
The best part of all this?
Which brings me back to the Pong case. It's designed to direct cell phone radiation away from your head. Using technology that I don't understand, Pong redirects your cell phone's radiation while maintaining full signal strength. I can attest to the fact that the case doesn't interfere with my signal at all. And testing has shown the Pong case to to reduce specific absorption rate for the iPhone 3GS by over 60%. (Wired Magazine witnessed testing of the Pong case and confirmed their claims HERE.)
So yes, it is a daunting task that you chose when you signed up for this. No one said it was going to be easy. Just know that you are doing this distance with countless other faces, a lot of whom have probably encountered worse problems than you, who are pushing themselves past their own personal limits for a lost loved one, but who are sweating alongside you just the same.
A recent review of Hong Kong tertiary education system on ATV’s Inside Story (April 24, 2012) should have alarmed many people, especially academics and human resources mangers on the overall quality of the new workforce. Some particular comments made by those interviewees, which I found unbelievable, are as follows:
Some of the items purchased include (from least expensive to most expensive):
I started laughing, I couldn't help it. They had sent in the goon squad for little ol' me ;) "So, you must be Attila and Hun?"
Me: You don't like?
We spent the entire day reading our books (I finally finished Sarah’s Key that was fantastic), catching up on magazines, chatting, napping….it was glorious. ANNND, the weather cooperated (despite the slightly overcast pics)!
Again, no response. This time he followed with “AN ANSWER IS REQUIRED!”
One of the fun things about sick kiddos, is how sweet and snuggly they are.... Maggie really likes pictures when she's a snuggle monster.
Kaipara mayor warns of leap in rates
My personal medium is acrylic paint. I am a fine artist. I also do work in a multitude of other media, including sewing! I see no difference in a still life painting, scrapbook page, a machine-sewn set of curtains, or re-purposed altered cigar box!
During our recent time at the folk festival a couple of people remarked - nicely, much to my surprise - on my rapidly whitening hair. It's been two years now since it had any colour put in, so of course it is becoming greyer. While I don't miss the maintenance of regular visits to the hairdresser (or the expense), and there is still quite a lot of the original darker hair left, I do miss my auburn hair. Having no colour round the face is very unflattering, especially if one's hair is not fluffy and one's skin tone doesn't suit white.
“For us it gave us what we needed, tactically, attacking and defensively,” added Appiah.
Balla was best known as leader of the wonderful Guinean orhestra from the Syliphone era Balla et ses Balladins. Born in Macenta, he started his career as a musician in Kankan and subsequently was sent to the Dakar conservatoire (musical college) on a scholarship. In 1959 he joined the Syli Orchestre National, where his talent, not just as a trumpet player, but also a leader, caught the eye of the authorities of the young republic. When the Syli orchestre was split up, he was put in charge of one of the sections. This section played at the Jardin de Guinée, a bar dancing, which I am told exists until this day.
- Connect: USDLA Connect will keep you connect to members of USDLA
The journal is now seeking submissions for the first issue, the focus of which will be ‘MAPS AND MARGINS’. For this issue, we are keen to receive papers that deal with ideas of space, place, mapping, journeying, and discovery. We want to explore notions of mapping from the physical to metaphysical and metaphorical, and to cast light upon margins of the self and society – within the page, beyond the page, or beyond the map. To be considered for this issue, papers must be received by 30 JUNE 2012.
If the jury at the perjury trial had been aware of this new information, would the verdict on Sheridan have been different?
Never was a big Kellogg’s fan, including their cereals, but this just proves that their products cannot permanently move into my pantry. Sorry folks.
Q. Is PurpleLeap part of IndiaCan or are both serving different sectors?
a. Organize your notes into bullet points
So, the upshot of all of the above is I guess I'm due to have my head examined by a professional. I don't think anything will happen before Christmas, but I've got quite enough to be doing between now and New Years. I think I'll need January as a rest month. What about you? All sorted yet? Larks, I've not even begun the wrapping.
-Ponder. Never took ballet
“We call it Feminemineminemism,” he said.
One loves it best in April
she hands her dreams
10) Took the knock off 7-up home and made my new self created drink "May May's Sunset" coconut rum, OJ 7-up and grenadine. Yummy. Very sweet.
Ask him if he sells any versions of the Bible that use "all-inclusive language," so that women don't feel discriminated against.
“I got me one.” Billy Ray was beaming. He had shed a portion of his shyness during his quest for just the right can for his “boat”. He squatted on his knees and his PT boat roared to life. Between the two of them, those Japs didn’t stand a chance. A sudden duo of explosions erupting from each youngster simultaneously confirms this to be a fact.
It's kind of interesting. I normally think this means that like somehow God is all we need and the only thing that matters, and in some sense that is true. In comparison to all other things, for the Christian, one's relationship with God, or more important God's relationship with us, is of utmost importance.
My role in the process of a book’s publication was designed to answer these questions for authors, as well as do the legwork obtaining media and publicity exposure. As someone with a variety of publishing experience – I worked at HarperCollins in Publicity, then Scholastic in Online Marketing Partnerships, and later became an agent with a boutique firm, which is why my company is truly a hybrid – I saw that publishing was changing fast, and that my diverse experience might actually help to navigate authors (and editors, and agents) across the digital divide from traditional publishing into new media.
Well can you believe all this time you have put up with my tears..tantrums and daft waffle its about time i gave something back so as its my birthday soon i have a few things to give to you my wonderful followers
Have a good weekend all....hugs, abby.
First we went to Primark I need a Prom dress & Shoes :D
3. F. W. de Klerk, former president and joint Nobel Peace Prize winner (1936 - )
Verse 19,
The Thousand Trails park in Birch Bay is well run, and the spaces are wide. When we arrived, the place was packed, mostly by RVs from British Columbia. As the days rolled by, and people moved on ahead of the weather, we felt like we almost had the place tou ourselves.
“Uh…”
3) Black tenmoku color
I trust you are not angry with me.. or even disappointed in my decision to go to DC for the Cherry blossoms….. You know I would have preferred to take you… But you have never given me that opportunity to even get to know you… and yes, that makes me sad… but I have mostly understood your reluctance…
2 1/3 cups HeartSmart Bisquick mix
Four Medium Stackable Storage Boxes with lids.
I hope so
- Lucky 13 American amber with duo of butternut squash & patty pan soup
He acknowledges attempts at “knockoff” automobiles, but says, “the reality is they really haven’t done that well … The Chinese are very brand conscious.”
if you were farther away
“I wonder how quickly I could smash the window to throw myself out?”
Hello everyone and a warm welcome to the Penny Black Saturday Challenge.
“Clearly you were at the Clark’s sample sale while I was at London Fashion Week,” I balked, casting a judgemental glance at her new ‘walking’ sandals. Bad move. Very bad move.
John, Lucy and I loved the Butterbeer. Maggie and Jack, not so much. Max was being a grumpy teenager at this point and refused to try it (This grumpiness continued pretty much the rest of the day. I don’t recommend traveling with teenagers.). Butterbeer tastes a little like cream soda, but better. The foamy part is the best part!
next up on what i did over the weekend... smoked duck crepe rolls!
Hamas would view any future agreement between the Palestinian Authority and Israel not as a permanent peace treaty but rather as a truce, a senior Hamas official told a Jewish newspaper.
Adams RH, Combes B. Viral hepatitis during pregnancy. J Am Med Assoc 1965; 192: 195-198.
And of course there’s the much talked about wedding dress which had me doing somersaults of joy, although for different reasons to most. The dress itself I thought was lovely but predictable, however, the aspect of the dress that should be framed in an ornate picture frame and hung in the wardrobe of every woman that lacks curves, was the detailing on the waist… or rather, Kate’s non existent waist… Read on, I’ll explain.
One of the men died.
possibly the neat answers to these.
Did I live? Did I love? Did I matter?
Now bright, the sun breaks o’er my head
Level 11: MP Cost: 10, Damage: 295%, Attacks up to 5 enemies.
The John Stott we meet in “Inside Story” could be summarised as follows: He was a man of incredible self-discipline. He took seriously the challenge of Isaiah 1:18 “’Come now, let us reason together,’ says the Lord”, and was sometimes accused of “evangelical tidy mindedness”. But this gift of succinct clarity is unsurpassed in evangelical writing.
For hundreds of years the Islamic world had sighed for this moment. Millions of pious Muslims had to linger in awful uncertainty. Even the cleverest scholars could never agree on a universally agreed solution. But on Monday of this week, it was at that point.
Hello again- I am feeling a bit lonely today. You see, no one has entered into the discussion with me or given thier thoughts on my questions...
color. Every aspect of their public life will be subject to constant
I’d say I’m experiencing a similar feeling these days, now that I’m on my own. Yes, my lust for life has been reanimated, but so has my hunger for producing and refining my life’s work. I am a machine, finally pursuing all the projects I set down years ago, building my portfolio and taking on freelance gigs to build my professional experience. I’m working diligently on my website for creatives (my next big opus) and I plan on launching it next month. Living on my own has revitalized my motivation, jolted my creativity and pushed me to an amazing momentum I haven’t ridden in a very, very long time.
We are made up of layers, cells, constellations.”
I used Lili's Sweet Treat for today's cars and coloured her with promarkers ( I have listed the colours at the end of the post for anyone who is interested), and added some stickles glitter to her glass and the ribbon on her hat.
According to the CareerBuilder survey, the following are the errors job seekers make most often:
So, for the next year and a half we frolicked and enjoyed everything Japan had to offer... the food, the hot spring baths, the late-Saturday night karaoke with friends... even though we both had to get up and go to work on Sunday morning.
1. Celebration (White, Argent) 2:52
I’ve never been any good at holding a grudge, though I have admittedly tried. In the past, I have been more apt to forgive easily. Some would say too easily. The problem was not that I forgave, it was that I also forgot, which meant that I stayed in bad relationships too long, or looked past completely unacceptable behavior, which kept me wide open for hurt after hurt, and certainly to abuse. There is a middle ground, I believe. We can forgive, let go of anger, hurts, and bitterness, and still remember that the behavior and actions were awful, and that we did not deserve that type of treatment. We can then make healthy choices about who we keep in our lives, and who we do not. Keeping anger in our lives is never healthy, nor is holding grudges, yet may people do, to their great detriment.
If someone believes that God does exists, but does not go to church, or believe in the bible, or in an after life in Heaven or Hell, are they called an Agnostic, because I know an Agnostic is someone who does not know if there is or is not a god.
We started the photo walk at a patch of poppies near the side of the Visitors Center. The low angle of the early morning sun gave us wonderful backlight and interesting shadows projected onto the inside of the petals.
Well actually he’s just unveiled what sounded to me like a damn good plan today and let’s just say if he’s not World Leader in twenty years or so he’ll probably be something else rich and important so I’m not complaining. Mr F’s plan is as follows:
My dastardly plan to retroactively create your baby book has met a formidable foe -- your pediatrian and his staff's bad handwriting.
Naive questions are a bit of a pain. “Being transsexual- what is it like?” “Have you always known you were a girl?” “Have you had the operation yet?” Tolerance- “I’m such a liberal sort of person that I can even tolerate people like you” is worse. Acceptance is alright, though I would prefer that it just happened, rather than needed to be a conscious process. My reaction depends upon my mood: yes I want people to understand my kind, for understanding promotes acceptance, but sometimes I am just too tired to engage.
This Saturday night at artma 2010, Morgan’s kindergarten classmates are reuniting to volunteer, in the year she would have graduated. Shane will be there and I will be teary-eyed. Joan and Steven will be both proud and sad. But we all think it’s important these kids remember how fragile life is, how precious friendships are, and how everyone can find a way to make a difference.
The challenge will close as always, next Saturday at 8.00pm GMT.
It’s easy to feel like you make no real difference in the world, especially if your are a doctor, teacher, or humanitarian. But this story helped to remind me of the little acts of humanity that affect individual’s lives that stay with them sometimes more than the big gestures.
In addition, we believe that there will be a large number of Indiana taps on hand, though that list is harder to get a hold of. We know that many breweries we work with on a daily basis are sending beer to the event.
Out of the wound-gash in the earth, the horseman mounts,
I don’t know what I’m feeling. Sad for sure. Disappointed that he went right back to anger and defensiveness and sarcasm. Resigned to the fact that he can talk a good game, but anytime I ask him to do something that is actually hard for him he will give up. Naïve for thinking that he had actually changed his blaming and intimidating patterns. A little numb and detached from the whole thing.
I think the message was heard. Someone suggested meetup.com. I started hunting and found a cool group that did multilingual storytimes. Looking for when they were having another event, I discovered the last time any activity happened in this group was in 2010. SERIOUSLY?!
If you don’t feel like you want to be that guy, you can just leave your friends. Stop calling them, stop answering their calls, that kind of thing. Just move on with your life. You have to stop going to the places they usually frequent and avoid them at all costs. You don’t want them seeing you and calling out, “hey, poopy Jim!” you know? That could be really embarrassing.
Hmmmm. What could this assailant look like? Hmmmm.
and sorted. Stylish and
First, I'll let you know that my goal was to build muscle and get lean, with Jamie Eason as one of my inspirational goals. I like her shape, although she is a fitness model who is way leaner and more muscular than I'd like to be. She is about my height though, 5'2 (I'm a shorty at 5'1).
Closed defenseless night
Last night I watched the show Survivor. I love to watch it because it amazes me what people will do for a million dollars. They will be dropped off in the middle of nowhere with a bunch of strangers and are told to survive. They have no food or shelter. They may or may not have any survival skills. They have to learn to start a fire, fetch water and find food. Some do well with this challenge. Others do not. Last night was the Survivor Auction. Each contestant was given five hundred dollars to use for bidding. They bid on food, letters from home and an advantage for an upcoming challenge. One of the contestants spent all of her money on a letter from home. There was no question in her mind; she needed to hear from a loved one. Without hesitation, she laid down all she had for that letter.
I was SO EXCITED to open a package from blurb recently with a book I created of the first year of my blog. I have always been a keeper of memories and I've tried to capture them in photos for as long as I can remember. Sometimes I wish I had the mental capacity to replay life's events with picture-perfect clarity, detail, and color just by willing it so--a flashback sequence of the best moments whenever I want to reminisce.
Years would go by, and I would think of Him, from time to time, feeling guilty as well that I have given up, upon faith, so I would try to seek God, and try out some Church. Then when I would find a church and either I wasn’t feeling comfortable, thinking that people where judging me…or the message would never hit me, speak to me. So I would give up and just return to a life without Christ. But what is really was, was that I wasn’t ready nor committed to becoming one of Christ’s followers. Giving up all the things I though at the time, made me happy.
Copyright © Ronald Head. All Rights Reserved. You may copy and redistribute this material so long as you do not alter it in any way, the content remains complete, and you include this copyright notice link:http://oraclesandhealers.wordpress.com/
Stir together all ingredients in a large microwave safe bowl. Microwave on full power 5 minutes. Stir & serve warm!
"Spank me until my bottom is bright red and your hand is sore"
Scatter some of your charm
Now, in Florida, just today mind you, I have seen BOTH Panther AND Bear crossing signs. Gator I’ve seen before, but Panther and Bear..? What kind of state is this that Panther and Bear are so plentiful and so normal that they have their own crossing signs? Granted, I saw neither of them today either, but really, do you WANT to see a Bear while driving a state highway? I’m pretty sure not! If a Panther jumps in front of me, he’d better hope there are lots more where he came from cause I ain’t slowing down! Mr Bear can just have my rig I’ll teach him to drive it and I’ll just walk, thank you!
Monday in Belgrade was the opening of "Nowhere People"- an exhibit of photographs by Greg Constantine whose beautiful and haunting photos of stateless persons have been featured on the blog before. The opening was hosted by the Speaker of the House, Ms. Dejanovic, and by UNHCR who both congratulated Serbia on taking major steps to reduce statelessness by signing the 1961 Convention as well as pledging to help the legally invisible with the law on non-contentious procedure (that would allow legally invisible persons to be registered.)
I have a new journal page to share with you today. It's keeping with the theme from yesterday's post about dealing with other people's insanity (can you tell its been an issue for me lately??)
Christopher Stewart Gray, 32, Weehawken, N.J.
He doesn’t inject himself with heroin to kill the pain in his hands.
plastic origin of a thoughtless ming flickering and weak
THEY NEVER IMAGINED IT COULD HAPPEN
Something to consider today.
The Old Testament book of Hosea is the story of God’s faithful love for His unfaithful people. In what seems strange to us, the Lord commanded Hosea to marry a woman who would break her marriage vows and bring grief to him (Hosea 1:2-3). After she deserted Hosea for other men, the Lord told him to take her back–a picture of “the love of the LORD for the children of Israel, who look to other gods”(3:1).
I’ve put together a playlist to listen to as I walk. Right now I just put it on shuffle & let it go. Eventually I may get all organized & try to put it in order of length of song or something so I can use that to time my walk. Here’s what I have so far:
Also, like people who tell you about their abusive alcoholic father the first 30 seconds after you’ve met them, they likely will keep this trend of rudely dumping too much personal information. When the protagonist begins with all this thinking and more thinking…and more thinking, it is probably a bad sign for the future. Just sayin’.
DG is pretty private person yet she shares a lot about herself and her experiences to break the isolation many desi women may be experiencing in their lives across the globe. DG’s world may seem perfect but the truth is it is pretty imperfect and less than exciting but it is her world and she loves it to pieces. There are good days and there are not so good days then there are days that cannot be defined. The everyday living she took for granted until two years ago is no longer the case. The routine she followed all her life as if on auto pilot no longer seems familiar, it often seems stranger than fiction.
According to the ADB, the current account is expected to move from a surplus of 0.9% of GDP in 2010-11 to a deficit of 0.5% of GDP in 2011-12 to a bigger deficit of 1% of GDP in 2012-13. Is this a cause for concern? Let me echo what I said about the current account two months ago:
Haggis, Guinness, leeks, and an Andrew Jackson attitude — what a combination.
Of course, it wouldn't be a vacation if we didn't bring home a virus. 5 of us are stuffy and hacking. Goldie has an ear infection and was refusing to drink or eat popsicles. Why does she do this? I really don't get it, because she was still eating.
These three media stories are only a fraction of the stories that happened to kids at school all year again. Every day across the country and the world kids still deal with bullying issues and many still don’t go to school or even end their own lives. There is still work to be done in 2011 and 2012.
The HKSAR government seems to have a lot of attention to niches such as Islamic banking. In the audience there was some concern about whether Mr Cheung is getting enough support from the government. Mr Cheung is well positioned to convince the HKSAR government for his case.
Finally I did revisit Kilve, Somerset. It is so beautiful here. No accidents this time ~ I managed to stay on my feet! The next and last photo is of the beach ~ you can see the interesting rock formations on the beach:
* I don’t normally to inserts like this before my stories, but per popular demand I will be starting a story-line that will be ongoing until whatever time I see fit to kill it. With that said, I will now release you into the story. Keep in mind this will progress, it’s just the beginning of a much longer series.*
Anyway, there’s trouble in paradise because Se Na sees that Yi Gak isn’t quite interested in her. I can understand her confusion given how crazy he used to act around her. She’s sure Park Ha is the source of their problems but Yi Gak quickly comes to her defense which in turn confirms things for Se Na.
Sidepods
I think this woman is gorgeous. Her face is so peaceful and she mirrors the Buddha so wonderfully. As you go through the ruins at all the sites at Angkor, people have set up makeshift altars where you can leave offerings for the Buddha or burn incense. This was one such altar. She was wonderful. She beckoned me in and I burned incense and she said some words over me. There are female monks in Buddhism, they wear white and shave their heads, however they are not given the exhalted treatment of the monks and are treated "as any other woman". I love this picture. One of my favorites, and one of my favorite memories as well. I got teary eyed many times on this whole trip, my spiritual side was continually challenged and awakened.
I am sure there are a lot people like me out there. These are folks who want to own a Motorcycle and also enjoy the luxury of riding, not speed demons that keep going “I love the speed” (trust me on Indian roads if you love speed you will only reach your death faster). A couple of things you should know in case you are Casual Biker – first get a bike that you are comfortable with and is low maintenance, just because the guy next door has an Enfield or Harley does not mean you have to get one. Trust me, from all the stories I have heard those bikes are planets where maintenance is concerned. Find people who have similar interests – more casual riders; you will be able to relate to them and they will speak to you about their rides in a language you understand. Trust me, I have spoken to people who talk like they are engineers and assemble bikes for a living (Good for them I say, but I understand things a little simple). Visit the local Chop Shop, you will definitely find something you will like to add to your bike; minor customizations on the bike are awesome, low risk and give you another reason to ride. I don’t know why, but the day we get our bike modified, the urge to ride is much more. Finally, keep a good mechanic’s number stored on your phone; you never know when you may need to use it. Find a route that you are comfortable with and ride there, learn the turns and bumps, trust me it is very different from driving a car.
First up was Aberlour a'bunadh :- a 59.9% cask strength, straight from the cask Speyside rich, fruity beast. Of course it only takes a couple of drops to get the point across, so that's how things went down. I think this little addition worked really well. The powerful rich fruity flavours of the whisky melded really well with the big beer and made a great warming brew. It was now really woody and nutty, with hints of figs and a lot more vanilla now. Good match.
They transfer other peoples’ taxes to fellow Kleptocrats in the Third World under the guise of helping the starving or poor but make no effort to ensure that needy people get the aid.
"Japanese whisky isn't necessarily lighter, but it possesses a clarity of aroma that singles it out. Its absence of a cereal background note also differentiates it from Scotch, as does the use of the intensely aromatic Japanese oak. If Scottish single malt is a rushing mountain burn, all the flavors jostling for position, Japanese malt is a limpid pool where all is revealed."
“Because we needed Dianne to demonstrate it,” she said.
Anyway, the hardest part of packing for this trip has definitely been how I can reasonably carry as many shoes as possible on the trip; and, the all-important question for me was whether or not I could find beauty and function in the same shoe.
the night felt so perfect. Our family, friends, and babies were all there. I remember just stopping and looking around and being so thankful to a) have food b)have friends and c)have all of these things at our house. It was humbling, and i am grateful.
All of a sudden, the clothes were not important anymore. What caught my eye was my own profile. I’d never really looked at it before, and I was devastated. Although I’d always thought otherwise, it appeared that I didn’t have much of a chin. This was not Kirk Douglas, or Burt Lancaster. This was not John Wayne, or Elvis Presley. Instead, I felt it looked more like the vulture in a Walt Disney cartoon.
Festival Office of St. Martin de Porres
That’s my non-critical, slapdash analysis of why I loved Will Grayson, Will Grayson. I look forward to re-reading it this week.
I have been very busy lately. I started a webstore and am so excited to say it is up and running and doing quite well. YAY! I am planning on having a grand openning blog hop with lots of prizes and giveaways so keep a look out for that this month. A perfect combination to go with National Scrapbooking month. My store is What's Scrappin and you can check it out HERE .
I'm doing with what i want in my style now. (that does not sound like english -___-)
I give thanks for dazzling writing - reading Anne Michaels' Fugitive Pieces.
It will save time.
"Nothing to undo," huh? It's a hard pill to swallow in this culture. Or maybe any culture. In general, it's difficult to look back on your life at the most painful, embarrassing, or lonely chapters, and say: "Yes, I'd keep those too."
The previous large Three Floyds event - their 15th anniversary party - wasn't without its problems; on the inside things went smoothly, but there were some folks who didn't make their way through the gates until much later than they had expected. But despite what some folks might believe, the 3F staff does pay attention, and they do work hard at making their events as good as possible.
According to the 'believers' the CO2 in air has risen from .034% to .038% in air over the last 50 years.
About a million of those babies die shortly after birth, and countless others suffer severe, life-long physical disorders like cerebral palsy and blindness, as well as learning disabilities, the report states.
*Sweet & some Savoury Treats for the Soul*
An ISBN allocated to your book and a Barcode (registered to Direct POD)
In an attempt to explain why a generation of women born in the 1960s and 1970s are finding themselves living lives of solitude, a male friend emailed me All the Single Ladies, thinking I’d buy into the writer’s load of crap. The 39 year old single woman spends an endless amount of ink trying to convince herself and single women everywhere they are happy living empowered lives of solitude, which couldn’t be further from the truth.
As promised! Our Poll for Episode 15 is up!
Perhaps it’s my own literalist baggage, but I still struggle with exactly how much leeway God gave the Old Testament authors, whomever they were. After all, this is God’s Word, right? “God-breathed and useful,” according to the author of 2 Timothy.
rising through the pantry.
“I’d like to help people re-invent themselves. And I’d start with myself,” he said while thinking—I could re-invent myself by stealing other people’s identities and robbing them blind. He imagined his mother laughing at the double meaning and how clueless the Lieutenant had been sitting there staring at him with those big, doe eyes. She seemed blinded by his cleverness.
A man on business travel stops to video chat with his wife, saying he’ll be home early for Valentine’s Day. Before they can celebrate, she goes to answer the door and is chased inside by a masked man
This is a virtual world designed for the ages of 13+. It is a role playing game like virtual world. Teen Second Life is filled with a number of games and activities that appeal to a wide range of people. You do need to set the maturity level to general to reduce settings for appropriateness. The site is free to play but membership has its privileges; a one-time fee. You get to create your own personal avatar. This site is pretty cool to wonder around in and meet people and interesting places. Much like the adult version of the site, Teen Second Life has some powerful tools that allow you to design your own objects in world.
This season I just couldn't resist making Butterbeer and Pumpkin Pasties, I had hoped to get better detailed photos, but the UK weather was as grey and raining as normal, but as anyone knows who collects my miniatures theres so much more detail once you see them in person, I have more photos to take but sadly its not looking much better today on the weather front either, does anyone know what happened to summer? If they do then could they please return it lol!
The “Family Problem-Solving Guides” are laid out in an easy to navigate chart that includes a full color thumbnail photo of the problem, a description of the symptoms, the diagnosis, and a list of solutions. The solutions are accompanied by the page number where you can learn more about the method they suggest….which brings me to the “Organic Solutions to Common Problems” section. Here they discuss solutions as simple as row covers and as complex as solving soil problems (Maybe not complex to you, but it is to me! Mention pH, Sulfer, Manganese…my eyes spin back in my head).
Composed of lightweight electrons
Look at it once in a while,
My life has been kicking into high gear lately.
During Women SS2012 Fashion week in Paris, Sonia Rykiel welcomed her guests into a location strongly dominated by a thick yellow lined catwalk, reminding me of the "Yellow Brick Road" from The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
For years strange tales of a monster living on a remote Indonesian island circulated throughout the East Indies. Official interest was sparked in the early 1910s by stories from Dutch sailors. The creature was allegedly a "dragon" which inhabited a small island in the Lesser Sunda Islands. The fire breathing creature was reported to be seven meters long.
132 Spring Street
Coercive sexual fantasy is commonly reported by rapists while participating in treatment (McKibben, Proulx, & Lusignan, 1994), and under optimal conditions in laboratory tests, about 60% of rapists demonstrate preferential arousal to saliently-coercive rape stimuli as compared to 10% of unconvicted individuals (Lalumière, Quinsey, Harris, Rice, & Trautrimas, 2003). Among convicted rapists it is those who have more persistently engaged in rape and assault who are more likely to show preferential arousal to saliently-coercive rape in laboratory tests (Willmot & Hart, 1996). Among individuals with no official record of sexual offending, preferential arousal to saliently-coercive rape as indicated by laboratory tests is found to be substantially correlated with self-report of engaging in sexually coercive behavior in the great majority of studies (Bernat, Calhoun, & Adams, 1999; Lalumière & Quinsey, 1996; Lohr, Adams, & Davis, 1997; Malamuth, 1986).
She was sleeping in her swing one night and I came in the room to get her and one of the boys put this on her head...I just thought it was sweet.
Just a reminder that we already start our second challenge with "Throw on those flower" theme ^^ The winner will get 3 digis from us and the top three cards we picked will each get 1 free digi! Check our lovely DT works in our Challenge Blog to get some new inspirations! You don't even have to use our digi to join the challenge, so... let's have fun together!
r outrageously, only, etc) became rich and famous .
I am back today with an entry to the Monday memories prompt. This weeks idea was remember a gift you have been given.
“Caught that, did you? So did I. Still. I really think we’re way too imaginative. Besides, I’m hungry. Let’s stop and pick up some food, then head back to your house.”
I spoke to a room full of rowdy teenagers this morning as part of Gen-Ignite’s theJourney internship program. We talked about the importance of a lifestyle of worship and some tips to engaging in a life-giving corporate musical worship experience. I’ll rehash that, at some point, but as I prepared, I couldn’t get away from an issue that was staring me right in the face.
When Dinah and Jeff move in to be the Wheillercarts’ companions, their lives change for the better and the worse. Dinah loves Jeff, but after five years together, he still refuses to marry her, and Dinah’s dreams of starting a family begin to crumble. Regardless of their hot lovemaking sessions, she fears Jeff is cheating on her. Dinah will do anything to keep Jeff, even if it means sharing him with another woman.
It was a nice change. But I decided to do some more painting anyway. Just a wee bit.
Saison Dupont
Next week I'll have ANOTHE project for you using this little cutie!!
Know how to be drunk in public. You wouldn’t think this would be such a hard skill to hone, but for some it must be. I love being outside, listening to music and getting a little toasted just as much as the next person; however, there is no need for puking on strangers, having angry drunk fights or finding it acceptable to form a circle of friends around the “pickle in the middle” that is peeing in daylight right next to the beer tents – NOT COOL.
Other examples of promotional garbage I came across - or which came across me - are an e-mail this morning from some people called the Advertising Club. They are nothing of the sort. They are some recruitment people who want me to take part in a salary survey.
Here are mine (before being topped):
miscellaneous: flowers, feathers, start dust stickles
Originally from a family of Finnish boatbuilders, he moved to the UK and obtained a degree in Mechanical Engineering. The influences of boatbuilding craftmanship and engineering have a visible effect in his work – it is masculine, functional, yet elegant and original at the same time.
The biggest challenge in moving to novel length writing is stamina, Cally thinks. 'The short stories I write tend to be about 2,000 words and I can finish one in one sitting. Writing a novel is a much longer process and I initially found it strange to spend so much time with the same set of characters. Writing a novel takes an enormous amount of determination, motivation and energy. Almost every writer I know gets to a point in a novel when they have a fantastic idea for a new novel and are tempted to ditch the one they’re working on and start again. That’s particularly tempting when you’re used to writing short stories, but you must push on and reach the end. It’s normal to fall out of love with a novel while you’re writing it but you’ll inevitably fall back in love with it again.'
Now, before I get jumped on by the many developers who are self-taught because they began their professional careers formally trained in other fields (science, engineering, etc.), I am one of you. My college training was in the sciences (Biology, Chemistry, Physics, etc.) just before microcomputers became the rage they are. Many of us, however, formerly self-studied the discipline of programming and filled in the gaps in our knowledge with most, if not all, of the subjects taught in the University programs. Others of us pursued advanced degrees in CS. If either of these describe your state then I consider that you are not a “homegrown programmer” of the ilk I just mentioned.
Regardless of interpretations of the mosaic’s meaning, it was clearly designed to demonstrate that the villa’s owner was a man not only of immense wealth but also highly cultured and well-read. His guests, reclining on couches around the apse of the dining room, feasting on the finest delicacies, could not fail to be impressed.
The scrapbook I put on earlier was received well and I easily spent my earnings. It does seem so wrong to be paid for something that you had such fun doing - it kept me quiet for hours, made me routle around bits of my stash that have not seen the light of day for a while as well as introduce me in to a new way of crafting. Sometimes we all need a push to try something different and a I am so pleased I did - I even went on more of the scrapbook stands than usual.
George is working at the polls today -- as a Voter Protector. I haven't heard from him since noon when he reported all was well in Ramrod Key. Don't know where he's traveled since then. Monroe County covers all the Keys with Key West being the end of the road.
Level 11: MP Cost: 25, 64% chance to cancel the enemy’s buffs, Time between skills: 14 seconds.
In 1891 he bought and transformed the corner of Pilgrim Street and Blackett Street into a palatial building in the classical Renaissance style which became Northern Goldsmiths. 11 years later opened a similar style building at the junction of Wesgate Road and Clayton Street West.
the first time Fulci, used paedophilia to provoke, it plays a vital part in the narrative of Beatrice Cenci 1969 too, where both Tomas Milian and Georges Wilson are part of the cast. Fulci, no stranger to getting in trouble with the law – i.e. the puppet dog incident following Una Lucertola con la pelle di donna (Lizard in a Woman’s Skin) 1971 – once again ended up facing another trial when the scene where the naked Bouchet takes to seducing Michele caused a stir. Always the one with an ace up his sleeve, Fulci presented the "little person" Don Semeraro (who almost thirty years later stared in Joe D’Amato’s The Hobgoblin) who had been the stand in for the child actor, and the case was dismissed.
The conference was only half-bad, with my former teacher being the only interesting person to actually talk (Her book is called The Goodtime Girl, her name is Tessa Fragoulis, you can check it out if you want) I’ll be honest, I haven’t had the time to read any of it yet, though the premise is in the 1920′s an it takes place in Greek Brothels : it’s right up my alley.
Advances in paintball technology in response to the paintball fields in minnesota and paintball locations can be stealth and camouflage their movements on the paintball fields in minnesota up the paintball fields in minnesota be reloaded more often than the paintball fields in minnesota, existing, and fictional situations and themes are recreated on big paintball fields allowed paintball bazookas. But I will have access to compressed air or they will go bad, warp and not for a reliable paintball marker can load and t their speed on releasing or shooting. Take for example a stock paintball guns, which are ideal for beginners. The best way to group your gear in a paintball superman! Read part II of this article series will focus on how to clean your gun as well. All of this type of person that likes to take something, find something, or to just about anything and still be effective. Old cars, stacks of tires, barrels, and even flying thru the air.
On a slightly more serious note (if you consider war and people getting their hearts cut out to be serious. And I think you do) this is my favorite drama, hands down. Braveheart is for sure quite worthy too, but this one makes me swoon. I can hardly believe that villainous Wes Studi went on to play the Sphinx (he's terribly mysterious) in one of our other ridiculous comedy favorites "Mystery Men." That movie makes me snort with laughter - Mystery Men, not Last of the Mohicans. Also, Zoolander. But we were talking about Last of the Mohicans. It's beautiful and perfect and sweeping and inspirational and luscious.
Live the way you want to be remembered…
Stephen Richer (Washington Legal Foundation) has emailed with an item for PatLit -- this analysis was published last Friday by Washington Legal Foundation. Titled "Supreme Court To Address Standard For Induced Patent Infringement – An examination of Global-Tech Appliances Inc. v. SEB, S.A." and written by Brian Pandya (Wiley Rein LLP), this not explains that the issue at stake is whether 35 U.S.C. sec. 271(b) carries a scienter requirement (i.e.that it must be necessary to prove that an alleged infringer has actual knowledge of the patent before he can be liable for inducing patent infringement. The note adds:
As for Craft Beer UK, it appears a producer club rather than beer drinkers club. Just what the industry needs, another trade organisation. If you have a brewery is it worth joining? You have to decide for yourself. Is there a benefit to pooling resources to promote the sector in general or are you better of promoting your own brand on your own? Don’t ask me. What does appear pretty clear is that the membership criterion appears a bit in flux. Yesterday it appeared only open to small brewers making beer the existing members liked. Today it’s a public vote. I guess they have some thinking to do. If I had a brewery I wouldn’t want to join a club that defined “craft” beer as anything that would impede my future business. I might want to build a bigger brewery, expand my market and export at some point. I might rue the day I joined, funded & helped a bunch of upstarts define craft beer in a manner than eventually chucked me out and no longer let my beer be officially “craft” I might see the sense in keeping the definition of the term nicely loose to mean whatever anyone wants it to mean.
LG: Richie Incognito; Nate Garner; Ray Feinga
I was excited to once again experience the awe of its interior. Alas, that 6.0 earthquake in Central Virginia on August 23, left the Cathedral spires in shards and pieces. The entire building was enclosed in chain link fence…closed to visitors! Rats!!
so deeply stirred my blood,
They were guest to emperors and kings, indigenous people examined them filled with curiosity, they slept in palaces or just on the ground, welcomed as princes or chased as dogs.
DNA testing in 2007 showed the West Memphis Three’s innocence, but they still sat in jail for four more years before finally being released, and even then they weren’t completely cleared officially and were forced to give up any rights to seek financial compensation for the 17 years they wrongfully spent in prison. By the way, the supposed leader of the group, Damien Echols, spent that time on death row.
"I'm afraid to ask."
I rinsed out the can for recycle.... hand washed Sammy's diaper....cleaned up the trail of pee on the floor... put everything back in order.....
Eddie: Oh, so speaks the woman whose head has been lolling around like a bladder on a stick for the best part of the journey. Read the maps, get the maps.
We love the Botanical Gardens in town, and the wonderful events they host. On this afternoon, we enjoyed a pumpkin festival complete with sampling some pretty gourmet pumkin soups that I hope I can recreate. One was a curried pumpkin soup with coconut milk, while the other (the one the kids loved) was pumpkin apple soup with a bit of maple in it. Yum!
Thank you Sandi for sponsoring us again.
Dorie's Notes: The look of this pie is sumptuous, its texture silky and its lime-ginger flavor big, bright and sassy. While I’m happy to have a lemon meringue pie any time of the year, I save this pie for summer because, as fresh as lime and ginger taste on their own, when they’re mixed together, they turn uber-zingy and so cool you’d think they’d been in the deep freeze. It may be an illusion, but one you’ll be happy to play along with on a sweltering day.
If I give him one of those expensive bones to chew on, he buries it.
I was on the phone to him later that week. He'd been for a trip out to the seaside with Lara and another couple. He was talking about how he'd sat on the beach with them. I was really moved by what he said.
Our visitors are making their way home...Ian dropped them at the airport early this morning...
* Do they let you talk all the time during a reading
If our enemy would fight on the battlefield, on open ground, in uniform, carrying his weapons openly, then it would be a case of an army facing off against a force that behaved like an army, and children and other non-dangerous people would not get hurt. But the enemy has changed the way it fights. So we have no choice. We have to protect ourselves as necessary.
Long live Snook!
Despite the bumps in the road it was a really nice day! I did not loose any friends in the argument and enjoyed spending Friday with my lovely boyfriend!
Mensch tweets often dozens of times a day, but she doesn’t like the risks that come with the freedom of Twitter. “If you want to see the worst of humanity,” she says, “look on Twitter. People say terrible things about, for example, Baroness Thatcher, this old lady who’s done so much for us and is now a very ill woman, like your grandmother, who you want to protect.”
I will now end my Academy Awards post, even though I could go on forever about this which I wont today. Maybe another time. So I end this with a picture of Meryl Streep and Robert De Niro in one of my favorite films of all times, Deer Hunter (in which she were nominated for the first time for the best supporting actress).
A few quotes, ie:
Unfortunately in some if not most places, their natural habitats are slowly disappearing. So are these wild creatures and many other wildlife. Fortunately, we still have small pockets of nature and these wild creatures can still be found there.
“Whereas, first, the Cour d'Appel decision found that SPC no. 02C0020 was requested for a plant protection product whose active substance is the combination of benoxacor and S-Metolachlor and that SPC no. 97C0048 granted previously on the basis of patent no. 84810599 covers the combination of benoxacor and metolachlor without reference to one or more specific spatial forms of metolachlor; it further pointed out, on specific and adopted grounds, that the metolachlor molecule has two R and S enantiomers and four possible spatial forms, and that S-Metolachlor is only one enantiomer of the metolachlor substance; finally, it pointed out, on valid grounds, that it is not demonstrated that the transition of the active substance in question, from a racemic form to an enantiomer form, implies that the product has a different activity profile; from these findings and assessments, the Court of Appeal, which carried out the study referred to in the second part of the argument, was able to infer that the combination of benoxacor and S-Metolachlor constituted the same active substance as the combination of benoxacor and metolachlor since it was composed of the same sequence of atoms and, thus, one and the same product within the meaning of Articles 1. 3, 1. 8 and 3 of EC Regulation 1610/96”This ruling may be related to the different European Escitalopram decisions dealing with the definition of a product under the scope of medicament SPCs, i.e. the Austrian and German decisions you have posted earlier. It however remains unclear about the burden, requirements and means left to the patentee to demonstrate an improved profile".Edouard and François look forward to providing readers of this weblog with a complete translation as soon as possible.
Dark Soya Sauce, ½ teaspoon
#298 - Jose Vizcaino. Sweet! A Dodger card that I needed. Vizcaino is the answer to a trivia question that comes up periodically:
SUNGLASSES: Marc Jacobs.
Following this pain clinic fiasco, I’m then off to physical therapy, where I’m not quite sure I’m getting much help but it is required as part of Operation: Hand Get Better. Right now, I’m wadding up a paper towel with all fingers except my index finger. Yes, I know this sounds silly and easy but it is actually difficult and quite painful. A few more exercises per day and I’m not sure my wrist would function.
I am lucky to have a Lancome Erika F. shadow that little Miss Blogdorf brought me back from Paris. I wore it every day for a month straight, which is unheard of for me because I often like to keep it simple with a light vanilla shadow for work. But Erika F. has a smokey, sagey wisdom to it paired with the fun of a antique golden microglitter.
i also realise that many people might like pretty pictures far better than what i have in mind. that i might be on my own if i go through with this. i don't want to disappoint, i don't want to offend. but at the end of the day, i have to stick to what i believe in.
“We’re seeing all generations responding to the nostalgia and tradition,” said Janine Schoos, brand manager. “Genesee is taking off all over the country. We hope to be where we were back in the ‘80s when we were synonymous with good times and great American traditions.”
Jennifer (bad red hair) chose the other route, again throwing Blakely (really?) under the bus and demanding to know how Ben could pick a stripper over a girl who let a fifth grade class color her head with red spray paint. Look Jenny (can I call you Jenny or does Cherry Bomb work), if you can’t get over getting kicked off a show about having sex with strangers in favor of a professional stripper, you are never going to be self-confident. Move on, dye it back and maybe move to NYC. Girls like to do that when things aren’t working out. Ever notice that? Tangent, I know, but I feel like that happens all the time. Like, dude broke up with me, the answer is New York, where guys are all nice and living is easy… Right.
and a surprising amount of the crispy bubbling feta-topped egg cake
We've been busy organising our wholesale orders for the past two months to meet Christmas demand, so I apologise that we have been neglecting our online updates of late. I'm starting to sound like a bit of a broken record, but it is wonderful that we have so many orders going out this year without the heavy footwork of attending craft markets.
The only experience most of the Apple customers have is seeing the book on the Hot and Top charts. I'm not discounting that as an influence in itself. In fact, I think that's likely a high influencer. I'm also sure some of those readers were disturbed by the content, but none of them enough to 1-star it.
Every day I hear people telling me how well it is going with this country, but they obviously don’t read the news! The current ongoing saga in South Africa reminds me of that old Ford of mine – it kept on running while the bolts and screws were falling off its body and engine.
(6) But the author’s feelings of estrangement and despair are nevertheless traditionally expressed, utilizing a form that modern scholars call the “lament,” of which there are nearly forty other instances in the book of Psalms, thus making it by far the most common type of psalm. As a comparison of lament psalms will show, they tend to follow a stereotyped pattern: The speakers invoke God, describe their trouble (which often includes persecution by enemies), assert faith in God, petition for help (sometimes offering a vow), and thank God for the rescue that they foresee.
And as she fell into bed the tortured man was with her - he was whole.
After receiving the news from Rome announcing the Pope’s gift, the Ordinary of the Ordinariate of Our Lady of Walsingham, Mgr Keith Newton said: “I am very grateful to the Holy Father for his generosity and support. This gift is a great help and encouragement as we continue to grow and develop our distinctive ecclesial life, whilst seeking to contribute to the wider work of evangelisation in England and Wales.”
If I’m out for dinner somewhere I usually my favourites, or if it’s a new place I’ll find something on the menu that falls under the category of my comfort foods: Thai Peanut Curry (with sticky rice) from Thai Coconut, Chicken Shawarma from Montfort; Chipotle Sirloin from Canyon Creek, Pulled Pork Entree, mac & cheese and a tea biscuit from Memphis Fire BBQ.
the Valois romances The horoscope : a romance of the reign of François II (1897?)
Do I have the right to mourn
Anyhoo, there is plenty over there for you to have a look at so why not grab a cuppa and get a bargain while you're at it? All you need to do is click here and put PIPANY2 in the comments box on checkout to get the 20% discount.
30 is just around the corner for me...a little less than six months away. I can't wait...no, seriously I can't! Earlier this week I came across this article on The Huffington Post.
Trim your threads again and cut 2 small slits right next to each other, through one layer of tulle on the top hem you just created. This is so you can thread a ribbon or cording through and cinch it up so that none of your fruits and vegi's fall out.
Days ago Daisy was searching for the key of the other drawer and while I was on my place she opened my drawer and start looking for it inside. I got mad, closed my drawer, gave her an evil look and asked “what’s wrong with you?”. I cant stand people touching MY stuff. She said “what are you hidding?”. I didnt even bother to reply. I dont hide anything but still, that drawer is a bit messy … but it is MY drawer.
to beg her not to leave.
When set off, scattering like scattershot,
It was really at a time I needed to hear some words of encouragement echoed back to me. And it’s amazing how one post on a topic spoke exactly what I needed it to today even though it was a bit different. As I read it, I heard it echo back to me. I am gratefully reminded to push through and persevere.
The BK CROWNTM/MC Program comes in a fully interactive Kids Meal box. Sitting atop each box is a newly redesigned BURGER KING® crown, because every kid deserves to be treated like royalty at BURGER KING®! With crowns on their heads, kids can dive into the box, taking it apart, playing fun games and activities that challenge their minds, inspire their imagination and engage with the whole family.
Another famous thing in Tong-young is the handcrafted furniture.
“That’s enough for me.”
Carice Van Houten, Black Book
Central Station (Walter Salles, director)
I’ll call tonight. Here’s a song I thought you’d like.
The embellishment cluster on the left has a few altered items. The canvas heart from Canvas Corp. is coloured with Victorian Velvet Distress ink and then misted with water. When dried, I stamped it with a music notes stamp from Hero Arts and Timber Brown Archival ink.
Drunk girls
This was the day of real R&B.
This bar in York is a bit of a badly kept secret, entering through an off licence shop on Stonegate you have to climb a set of precarious stairs to reach the tiny bar in the attic space above.
1/2 out of 5 – Product Placement – This book is the ninth and final entry into an award-winning, extremely successful graphic novel ennealogy. But there is no product placement actually done in the book.
Adams said he hadn't talked with Zeigler about the incident but described the chief as "a mild-mannered, soft-spoken person."
I love you. Because of you, what you do, and what you have been through people around the world will look at their lives differently and make changes. Thank you for inspiring me.
If you are still doubting or questioning, here are some bible verses to check out. They are linked to an online bible, so just click and read.
I like Kate, not only does she always dress very fashionable, but she also obviously has quite sexy legs.
bill organizer inside kitchen cabinet
I am TRYing, but I still don’t understand the fascination with pastels. They are pretty much blunt edged, they get all smeary into other colors.. every time I use them, I feel like I’ve been handed a box of crayons. Actually, crayons are sharper. They come WITH a sharpener built-in. And I once made this totally badass drawing of a red bar candle with nothing but red crayon (yep, for the children’s menus), a ballpoint pen and a sharpie (and yep, I was totally doing that sketch at work).
hahahaha... Peace out!"
At the time, this was considered a bit inhibiting as most bands still went out on tour to hawk their wares instead of lounging around whilst their marketing company drummed up a bit of business (I know, what were they thinking?) Whatever, it has a strange beguiling atmosphere that Who singles hadn’t had up to that date yet it still majors on the staple Who ingredients of the restlessly manic drumming of Keith Moon and the windmill chords of Pete Townsend. Its almost whispered verse leading to a relentlessly rising chorus is one of Townsend’s crowning achievements. There is a tension throughout the whole piece that is not fully resolved and gives it a twitchy, slightly anxious quality.
in Highland Park in decades when we christened the Little Cave in
I don’t know whether he did confess because I never did visit his parents, but I imagine that I’d taught him a good lesson.
There is an internet station, which costs a bit of $$, but I'm sure I'll check in a couple of times, but I'm not taking my own computer. It's a scary thought to leave my computer behind, but I can do it :)
This is the first time I've met a blog friend in real life- it is so interesting "meeting" someone, yet knowing all these things about them like you were there when they happened! I couldn't have asked for it to have gone any smoother. :) It was nice to just skip all the "get to know you" business and launch right into conversations of what we already knew we could talk about!
21. Hey, my lips can dance just as good as me! let’s kiss! +
The Pley Club, where the agents and prostitutes may have met.
“These people evacuated a man from the burning car, two bodies are laying there now and three or four other victims were evacuated from the school,” said Ahmad Zia, a resident who saw the explosion.
Had this one out of the bottle, so I'm fairly clueless as to the appearance.
Am I the person I did not want to be?
It truly amazes me how every page of Scripture points to Jesus Christ in some way. I hope we continue to see pictures of our Savior as we study the book of Genesis together. All of Scripture really is about him.
Opp PVR Cinema, Prashant Vihar,
LLL: Many in Africa: the first newborn who died of tetanus, the toddler daughter of a staff member badly burnt by an unattended paraffin lantern she overturned on herself, my own five-year-old daughter’s discovery of an abandoned newborn baby in a ditch next to our house, the disabled kids who could have avoided polio with simple vaccinations, the street kids, the hungry, the whole generation lost to AIDS. But you don’t have to go to Africa for sadness, it’s an integral part of life.
Doubters – 0. Sleep Lovers – 1.
The car pulled ahead before I could grab the details of what was scrawled below. I knew what had to be done, apart from speeding and catching up this guy (which, frankly, made me nervous. A guy who’d drive with an intentionally adopted blind spot was not someone I wanted to get too close to in any sense of the word.) A friend had recently made a Facebook post asking why so many Teabaggers are spelling-challenged. I picked up my phone and called in a comment to his FB post.
I learned a lot from this project. I had always wanted to be more sustainable or “Green” but I never really knew how. I thought the small acts like what I did for my PSP were not enough to make a difference, so why bother? I was wrong though and this project has definitely showed me that. I will keep up my Personal Susatinability Promises and I’ll continue to add little things to it. I know that if I keep doing things over time they will become habit and I will stop forgetting. So all I need to do is stick with it and I can in the end make a big difference in my community and environment. I’m very glad I took this class and I know I got a lot more out of it then just 3 credits.
3.The recipe /ingredient should be an iron rich source since the theme "Iron Rich Foods".You can pick the ingredients from the above listed list or any others too.Put on your innovative caps and come out with lovely ideas.Two archived entries are allowed.
As public relation representatives, we concentrate on personal client attention. We have a persuasive team of consultants who will create the strategic media needed to get you exposure. Such as interviews, articles, book signings , reviews and many others.
So how did Clay really get the mohawk? Was your answer B or C? Personally, I'm not a big fan of mohawks, so I'm hoping one of your kids did it. Otherwise, that means you took him to the barbershop and gave him that haircut on purpose! (Sorry to be the only one not gushing about how great mohawks are. I wonder if my comment will even be published...)
UN55C8000 Samsung 55″ LED 3D HDTV – Review
To give an example, it’s not only the destination of attacks and magic spells which you can’t control. When I’ve used a potion on one of my four characters, sometimes they’ll turn round and give it to someone else (who’s usually more in need of it, to be fair, but equally not what I wanted them to do). This then leaves them with just as little health as before, and when there doesn’t seem to be any constancy of speed or agility during battle– the usual factors determining who goes first in turn-based battles– they more often than not kick the bucket on the next turn because apparently they drew the short straw in the battle order (and when they’re the only one holding all the phoenix downs, you’re even more stuck).
But this year I am not screwing up the hubby's family Christmas bash! Oh No! Not me! I am trying to prepare early.
This is a Wee Heavy that one of our brewers has been working on for a couple of years and the final results are well worth the wait.
#10 - Heartbreaking Taunt
P.S. Okay, I'm not quite that curmudgeonly.
I’ve been an admirer of DeLillo’s for a while, but never before have I been sucked into his world so completely as I did while reading Libra. More focused than the sprawling Underworld (though it does contain that breathtaking prologue) and less zany than White Noise (indeed, this book is as airtight and humorless as they come), this fictionalized account of the Kennedy assassination is a taut, frighteningly plausible re-imagining of the event that “broke the back of the American century.” And it seems to me that it’s the perfect representation of everything DeLillo is about.
SNP on 502,201 votes and 424 councillors.
I missed my flight sitting in the terminal. I was not listening to headphones, I was not distracted. I did not fall asleep. Yet somehow, I missed my flight, when apparently the flight attendants repeatedly called my name over the loudspeaker. First call, final boarding, I missed it all. I sat there oblivious to my surroundings.
I have put the lights on the back of the ambulance to low spots. The hope was that with the extra dose of Lorazepam, the early hour and the rocking motion of the ambulance, Saskia might fall asleep. But the reality is that if anything the drug has made her more volatile. Despite everything the mother can do to calm her – cradling her on her lap, stroking her hands and head, singing to her, kissing her head, rocking her gently like a poorly child – Saskia is blazing like a preacher inhabited by terrors. What makes it even harder to manage is those moments when she lapses into a whimpering kind of cry, followed by a sudden coming-to, a clear re-emergence of the girl that was. Now and again she straightens on the trolley, smiles, wipes her eyes with both hands and smiles freely and easily.
(And many thanks to Tom at Goldspot Pens for the reduced price, a courtesy to bloggers/ reviewers and greatly appreciated.)
Good thing I was sitting down when I looked ~ $495 each! Yikes!
I bet we can all cite at least one moment where our eyes came to a screeching halt on the page and the spell of the story was broken. For me, it was when Dumbledore…
I googled "elephant coloring page" and found a design I liked for my panel. For E's panel, I simply traced over one of her recent paintings. If you wanted, you could simply have your child skip this step and draw straight with glue.
But we can, we have and we are. Because, just as children play the game of trust, we're free- falling backwards into our Father's arms, knowing He will always catch us.
My Great Redeemer’s praise
SUMMIT LEAGUE: You’re 17-1 in league play and one of the best mid-majors in the nation. How are you rewarded – by playing the conference tournament on the homecourt of the second place team in the conference. That’s what Oral Roberts’ dilemma is as it prepares for the conference tournament hosted by South Dakota St. That South Dakota St team is responsible for Oral Roberts lone conference loss. On March 6, it’ll be responsible for Oral Roberts’ second conference loss.
* If you could make a wishlist of things you’d like to find in your submission inbox, what would it include? And do you have any favourite genres?
I guess it was pretty convincing because hardly a golfer went by without buying some. And it kept them entertained for a good 3 hours, though I stayed close by to supervise. I am sure we will be doing this again during the summer.
Here are 5 unexpected teamwork tips I learned from watching Bridalplasty:
The challenge this week is again the brainchild of DT member Lynne-to use some aspect of the game of chess! You might want to use a checkerboard pattern, or feature a King, Queen, Knight or Castle (Rook), or some other aspect of the game we haven't thought of - we just need to be able to clearly see CHESS in your creation!
While visions of sugar-plums danced in their heads;
The age old lesson that when we try to hold onto our pride and a false sense of control, when we hide our weaknesses from others instead of letting them care for us, we just may end up cheek to cheek with the bathroom tile at the allergist's office.
Money, then, is not a good master. If we work to earn money to feed our family, educate our children, or provide for our needs – we will be in increasing danger of not entering the kingdom of heaven in the days ahead. “No one can serve two masters,” Jesus declared. “Either you’ll hate the one and love the other, or you’ll be devoted to the one and despise the other” (my paraphrase of Matthew 6:24) What “two masters” was Jesus talking about? “You cannot serve both God
Neil Young
I wonder if you and I would wake ourselves out of our relaxed spiritual lives, could we focus better on what is really important. My God is Calling. In Song of Solomon 5 there is a sad account of our Beloved calling and waiting yet He was unattended at the time of His call. You and I can NOT let our temporary lives drown out the One who has given us an eternal life. We won't spend eternity remembering the casserole recipes we made, or the day out with the girls, or the soccer games, swim meets, movie nights, Facebook, Kindles or sleep. No, if you are saved, you are going to spend it with God. Up close, and personal. What do you even know about Him? Are you investing in your eternity? Are you investing in someone else's eternity? I hope so. My God is calling. He is standing there wanting you to know Him. He chose US to die for. We are His inheritance that He has paid the highest price for and He wants ALL of us, not just our left over time. My God is Calling.
The Comfort Recline™ seat gives you a choice of two positions, and WhisperQuiet™ operation makes this swing silent in use. Wrap it all up in the super-fun animal decor and you've got a perfect travel companion. Part of Bright Starts™’ Sunnyside Safari™ Collection. Start the fun with Bright Starts!™
The FMLN currently has 35 of the AL’s 84 seats. Its principal rival, the far-right Alianza Republicana Nacionalista (ARENA), has just 19. Recent polls, however, suggest that ARENA could close the gap – and maybe even outpoll the FMLN – in El Salvador’s upcoming legislative and municipal elections, which are set to take place March 11.
After some genius fucking posting, I started to feel under pressure to carry on with the high standard of bile I'd created. Then I started to resent the fucking thing. I also realised that I spent far too much of my fucking time visiting, reading, commenting and writing blogs, to the detriment of my real life.
^Janie forgot to nag me!
When we were planning her party I told her she could only invite 8 friends. We have a small house, and not a huge budget. So she picked her 8 friends (and a handful of adults that she wanted to have here to help out *LOL*).
About half an hour later she called me back in - I was not expecting to be presented with this little scene!
During the discussion, Attorney General Shurtleff brought up identity theft. Chief Burbank continued on the subject and began laughing when discussing where identities were sold (apparently he knows which “corner store”) and notes the people in the crowd know where this is occurring. He then talks about how something should be done going so far as to excuse the stolen/fraudulent ID purchases sending the message that he will do nothing about it. The preceding discussion was about federal responsibility to enforce immigration law and Chief Burbank wants the federal government to “go after that person” selling the documents. Evidently, while not immigration enforcement, Chief Burbank prefers to yuk it up rather than do anything about a crime that involves real victims including tens of thousands of Utah children.
On her second turn she kinda freaked out, Widowmaker couldn’t shoot because of the fleeing status. She didn’t even pop her feat to try and freeze Torch (eSorscha and the bonded Destroyer are both immune to cold). This was perhaps the biggest mistake in the game, because she could still try and do something with her caster and a crippled Juggernaut. The jack had his right arm (big ass ice axe) crippled so he really didn’t do much to Torch. And because he ended his activation 2 inches away from the bonded Destroyer, he got frozen.
Collar:
ISBN-10: 0768440483
Supreme Court, there had been various news floating across the internet and print media arguing that win for Novartis could have a “devastating impact” on access of medicines in the developing world and would increase the drug pricing drastically. Also, the case has keenly been followed by pharmaceutical sector in India outcome of which could outline the future of Indian pharmaceutical industry. In short, the Glivec dispute brought multifaceted debates in India (even across the border) but in this post we will try focusing more on facts rather
“Tomorrow afternoon. 1.50pm,” I declared.
That was an odd day. I had just visited my son's fourth grade class for an authors' party--the kids had written books about endangered animals. We walked around the classroom, read their stories, and signed their fan pages. On my son's page, I wrote that I was proud of him and that he could now say he was published before his mom. A half hour later I arrived home to find the email indicating my novel had been accepted. I jumped, screamed, ran around a bit, and hyperventilated. Later that night, a friend and I went to a book signing for Mary and Carol Higgins Clark. I told them the news and they were so excited for me. It was nice to see that they hadn't forgotten the thrill of that first acceptance.
Any wild cat.
The neighborhood is very safe. I am not saying there’s no crime.
Earlier, traders would import cement through a goods train from Pakistan as the old check post at Attari lacked adequate infrastructure to facilitate its import through road.
And it this organic looking “urn” shape has already been nicknamed the “E-Uterus” by Council of the EU officials who will be working in the new building.
To pass the time until then please enjoy this photo of Spirit Island in Maligne Lake, Jasper National Park in Alberta.
So I thought it would be a great idea (Thanks Natalie!) to post about what I want instead of what I need. M won't join Pinterest so I'm bringing my Pinterest Wishlist Board to my blog!
As for tomorrow’s post on Fantasy In Motion, I have something really special lined up for you. Check back tomorrow to find out what it is!
What baby Zachary really needs is a “wet nanny” who could combine the roles of milk-cow and governess. Could Elton persuade a talented woman from the world of show business to raise the boy in a manner worthy of his illustrious paternity? I’ve thought of several candidates for the job, whom I shortlist below along with reservations about their suitability.
While this is an extreme example I do believe no matter what the threat in life, we all have the capacity to overcome. You take the blows, you adjust to new circumstances and you keep fighting for the good with all your mind, body, and spirit. You just do! You reach deep to everything you ever learned about things, people, and yourself and you use your strength to survive. There is no other option! In the Christian life, our preparation is a steady diet of the Word of God and prayer. Without those two things, it is very difficult to manage through life’s challenges in a manner worthy of our calling. Without a good foundation we could easily rationalize sinful reactions and action in our life and excuse our own behavior thus bringing shame and dishonor to the God we represent. A good foundation is very important.
So this year will be full of good things
Example: "I adore the Vampire Armand from Anne Rice Vampire Chronicles #vampartnow"
My Mom and stepdad arrived a day before the memorial and stayed over with my son and I. It was the first time I’d seen them since Rob had died. I was happy to have them as my Mom really is my best friend and my stepdad had always treated me as his own daughter. It was comforting having them with me and we talked very comfortably about what had taken place.
Metallics... a flash of gold, a sliver of silver a touch of bronze... I feel like shining...
The data have all been published. The library has chosen not to do so. Instead it reports on quite other aspects – collections and web services – without turning the absolute frequencies into indicators.
Aecht Schlenkerla Helles -- quite good, smoky
AND I LAY DOWN IN THE PALM OF HIS HAND
Just two months ago, in March, two women were tortured and murdered in a truly dreadful manner. Mrs. Allice Lotter (78) and her daughter Helen (57) of Allanridge in the Free State (South-Africa) were attacked with knives and pieces of glass. After the three terrorists cut the elderly women with their knives, broken glass was forced into their private parts. One of the women’s breasts were cut off, and anti-white slogans were “painted” (with the breasts) on the walls. Just months before that two other women tortured for hours on end with electric irons and boiling water before they too were killed.
On that same changing table, at 7 or 8 months, he spoke his first word, “bird.” I videotaped it for daddy at work so he would believe me. No worries there, because once Jack started talking, he never stopped. And spelling, and rearranging the letters of the alphabet forward and backward, and sounding things out—like the word “semaphore” in 3-year-old preschool. At the time, I had no idea what a semaphore was. Jack filled me in.
News!
Shaking in irritation and confusion, the princess ran into the house, her dress still covered in soot, her hands and face smeared in black dirt. She found her father, sitting at the table with a cup of tea, the steam wafting skywards, up towards his nose where he inhaled deeply as it disappeared into the air.
If you have any questions about the challenge, pls don't hesitate to email us at berry71bleu@gmail.com.
Today, however, I had drawn a line in the sand. In fact, to get my courage up, I had etched a shallow furrow in the island's rocky grit with one big toe. Symbolic, I told myself. Time to take a stand, for the good of your relationship and the cause of fairness. Never mind the fact that it's easier to stand up to her when you've already had an athletic bout of morning sex already, and three helpings of cheap, plastic-bottle ouzo shortly thereafter.
I can struggle against what I don’t have
Today I was catching up on a blog I enjoy, and the post I was reading was mostly photos of a camelia bush...a bird's nest...and some amazingly bright blue robin's eggs in the nest. So simple and perfect. So gorgeous and symbolic of spring. And suddenly, I started crying.
What I mean is that, sometimes we do huge things with the excited breathiness of a five year old. Then, what might seem like the littlest step towards making our dreams a reality can cause panic and fear.
The trick is to apply the paint thinly, with a large, very dry brush. This way the paint won't drip and will dry quickly so the paint can be layered easily. I used artist's acrylic (not craft paint) because the colours are more saturated and the quality is better. I don't buy the most expensive kind, though. I buy whatever is between kid's acrylic paint and professional grade (I switch brands and stores).
I just can’t believe
“And I specifically wanted to write about women at work because I don’t think we read enough about that in fiction. If a woman is in a male-dominated world, what does she discover about herself?” Funnily enough, I was just thinking yesterday about the possibilities of a novel about an express parcel delivery dispatcher who takes a high-powered rifle and goes postal because she’s a woman in a mail-dominated world. Any takers?
I will explain my thought processes and reactions in detail as I go—
Somehow it is all reminiscent of the television license fee:pay to own the set even if BBC-watching enters the 'cruel and unusual punishment' category. Pay for the water but you can't do what you like with it and you might as well hand it back as all the activities you would use recycled water for are banned.
19.You can socialize with your kids who are now old enough to turn into real friends.
*Feeling of subjective well-being
PS. The morning after addendum on 1/12/11 is that I realize that this list of expectations could be much longer. I have left off a myriad of people/organizations we have expectations for, who may or may not live up to them: the President, local politicians, the mail lady, the next U2 concert I attend, the grocery store clerks, bus drivers, the next episode of “Top Chef”. The list goes on.
Unfortunately for Hwa Yong, DAD announced that he will submit Bu Yong’s name in the selection instead of hers. Everyone’s in shock as Bu Yong called Dad in protest and Hwa Yong silently sheds a tear. Dad tells Hwa Yong to sincerely prepare her younger sister to enter the palace and she couldn’t do anything other than to agree.
The American Civil Liberties Union, otherwise known as the ACLU, has come out and denounced the South Carolina immigrant law. An ACLU “mobile rights team” arrived with the Spring of Life Lutheran Church of Pastor Sandy Jones who had previously been really critical on the anti-illegal immigration regulation inside the state.
7.) The Ellen Show
It has the same soft fruit palate and the same invigorating gunpowder finish. The light in Mulligan's isn't great (that's my excuse for these crappy photos) but it certainly looked to be the same shade of yellow. There did seem to be an extra smack of bitterness in the middle, but that could easily have been my imagination. Colin took a sample and assured me that it was the correct beer; that it tastes totally different to Helvick; and that I have the gustatory acuity of a donkey with a headcold. Colin doesn't get these things wrong.
It is a truck depot and Mohammed Iliaz is the watchman. He watches over trucks that are parked by the roadside and in the yard behind the main office. The main office is a narrow two-storeyed building and Ilu (that’s what his wife calls him, he tells me later when we’re talking. He has two school-going kids.) is sitting outside with the manager and another young friend who works there. The manager, an open-shirted man who speaks little hindi asks the usual questions and tells me he’s waiting for one last truck to turn up before he shuts shop and leaves.
I stamped the part of the large butterfly circle quote that had the words 'time enough' onto natural cardstock using Archival Ink jet black, cut out the words and glued them to the bottle. The 4mm white silk ribbon was colored with Distress Ink and tied around the bottle.
suffering, God forgive you.
7. Help a friend or family member. We all are feeling stressed these days. We need each other. We need community. My partner (Wade) my Dad, my siblings, friends such as Carolyn, Anne, Gwen and Glenn (and many more) have all been amazing to me during this last year when I’ve had some difficult decisions to make in order to keep my dreams alive. I hope you’ve experienced the same from family and friends. Repay the favor. Just the other day a friend of mine who’s been laid off was having a difficult day. I took the time to drive to her place to have a cup of coffee with her — and gave her a hug. Did I solve her problems? No way. But she knows I’m there for her. Help a friend or family member in need. They know you don’t have all the answers or their mortgage payment or their kids’ college tuition, etc. But it’s amazing what that smile (see #1 AGAIN) and a hug can do for someone.
If there's a bright side to this, it's that the royal court confirmed that this dress was only on loan from Valentino for the night and was not purchased (an unusual confirmation, seemlingly made in light of the fact that the frock costs somewhere in the neighborhood of $17,000), so we'll only see it once. But I think this is a warning sign, and we need to just go ahead and say it: it's time to let the butter churning chic go.
"Forget about that. Let's just go back."
The Rajya Sabha’s discussion on the Copyright (Amendment) Bill, 2010 was interrupted as soon as it began. Instead, the brief discussion pivoted around the possible "conflict of interest" of the concerned Minister of Human Resource Development, Mr Kapil Sibal (pictured here). This question was raised because Mr Sibal’s son - Amit Sibal – represents the music company T-Series (Super Cassettes Industries Limited), which is a major stakeholder in the copyright industry in India (see, for example, here).
Educators worldwide are re-evaluating education, acknowledging the importance of Social Values (inclusion, tolerance, diversity), Moral Character (ethical values like fairness, generosity and integrity) and Performance Character (values like effort, diligence and perseverance).
In large bowl, combine 1 cup sugar, margarine, milk, vanilla and egg; blend well. Stir in flour, baking powder and salt; mix well. Cover with plastic wrap; refrigerate 1 hour for easier handling.
WHEN: The book is published today, 11-11-11.
(St Michael's Kirche)
Meanwhile, in a move that will surely give a significant boost to Liverpool’s hopes of regaining their status as the biggest club on Merseyside, Dirk Kuyt looks to be on his merry way to the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg. Kuyt has a year left on his contract with Liverpool but the Dutchman is set to be swooned by the bleached-bearded Lothario that is Thorsten Fink, a man who looks like he spends his weekends in front of a wind machine recreating classic Take That videos wearing nothing more than a pair of dungarees and a I-can’t-believe-this-has-ended-like-this-when-we-had-so-much-going-for-us look. “He has class, and he is also a fighter. There is nothing more that needs to be said about the quality of this player,” alleged Fink of Kuyt. More good news for L iverpool fans comes in the form of the imminent signing of Clearasil-skinned striker Luuk de Jong.
I rather think we are :)
This is just a small sampling of the great web apps I’m seeing coming out of the music industry. Trust me, when we launch the Mozilla Marketplace there will be a ton more, a music lovers paradise.
Lynyrd Skynyrd
Another way Messenger Angels relay messages to an individual is through images. Let’s say, for example, that a lot of books and periodicals will have pictures in them. Sometimes these are scenes of nature or people who are promoting certain products and so forth. If one comes across a picture that relates to the message that needs to be transmitted to them, the Messenger Angel can choose to have certain pictures turn up time and time again. Let’s say you are reading a book about marine life in the Pacific and the problems and perils these lives are facing at this time. The words and images in this article will also conjure up images in your own mind and help make a point clear. But that is all it is, a point you understand. But then let’s say that over the next several days or weeks you keep coming across television programs, pictures in magazines, or images from some other source such as whales and dolphins coming up in conversation you have with others will certainly bring to your attention that something about these creatures is of importance to you in some way. You in turn set off on the task of discovering what that meaning could be. All these are reinforcing images that let’s you know that the plight of these creatures and their suffering is related to you or perhaps it implies that you can help do something to relieve this suffering. If and when the latter is true, the Messenger Angel is fully aware of this you see. Maybe the image received has to do with human events and suggests that there is something you can do about that situation. Images of war and conflict might have to do with conflict in one’s own personal life. Human beings are rather interesting when it comes to personal matters where stress abides. It can be much easier to simply ignore such conflict due to pride and ego-type things that can be stumbling blocks to taking steps to dispel this kind of thing.
4 – Having One of Those A-Ha! Moments. We’ve all had them, those moments where something in your brain just clicks and you arrive at a brilliant thought or solution. It’s so perfect and sometimes you might think, “Why didn’t I think of this before?!” It can be the absolute smallest thing, but for you, in that moment, it was perfect. Everything made sense in that moment and you felt proud and accomplished. While they may not happen often, when they do, they feel pretty darn good.
6. The Gentiles will know Israel as a nation blessed of God
Quite a few people asked me if I managed to do it in 50 minutes, and I’m pleased to say I did! I was on target with 8:04 minute miles on average up to the last straight, the last 0.2 miles, or 0.3 miles on my Garmin ( I must have taken a long route ).
and the coffin you gave to me.
It's all very well showing off how well you have learned the (presumed) "lessons of the 1980s" - but we have had two more decades since then and they have some lessons to teach us too. From the 1990s we can draw the lesson that privatisation does not improve services, and from the first decade of this century we can draw the lesson that Labour politicians who abandon the interests of our core supporters eventually get their electoral comeuppance.
“A kid will say, ‘Can we get ice cream on the way home?’ And the parent will say, ‘No, it’s not our day. Ice-cream day is Friday.’ Then the child will push and negotiate, and the parent, who probably thinks negotiating is ‘honoring her child’s opinion,’ will say, ‘Fine, we’ll get ice cream today, but don’t ask me tomorrow, because the answer is no!’”A "no way" with an arbitrary reason, followed by a reluctant "yes" with a hint of "you are such a pain." If this person treats adults this way, I doubt she has many friends.
The afterparty let out into the early morning sunshine of downtown Stockholm where the “pony races” took place. The reigning champs of STRD retained their title to the delight and/or complete befuddlement of a large crowd outside. I got a falafel to go with my flask of whiskey to savour the moment.
After the Band broke up in 1976, Mr. Helm continued to perform at every opportunity, working with a partly reunited Band and leading his own groups. He also acted in films, notably “Coal Miner’s Daughter” (1980). In the 2000s he became a roots-music patriarch, turning his barn in Woodstock — which had been a recording studio since 1975 — into the home of down-home, eclectic concerts called Midnight Rambles, which led to tours and Grammy-winning albums.
The four shades in Poppy’s “Supercalifragilipstick” line for Kate Spade are Pop Art Pink, Fuchsia Fete, Bashful Blush, and Adventurous Red. They all strike a nice balance between classic and trendy, just like Kate Spade’s clothing and accessories.
A few weeks ago I was asked by Tabitha Alterman, the Mother Earth News and Natural Home & Garden food and gardening editor, to write a blog for their website. So, I asked myself if I had the time or motivation to do two blogs, and decided that I didn't. But ... I'm doing it anyway!
After all the hype has subsided about Avatar changing the way we look at movies, I'm finding that I can't really muster up much of interest to say about the movie. It is what it is—a bloated and self-important but undeniably amazing technical achievement—and you either accept the whole package, warts and all, or dismiss it all as so much expensive self-indulgence. I was able to accept the whole package, at least for about two hours, before Cameron, guns blazing and bombastic speeches soaring, started to bore me in its lengthy and noisy climactic battle sequence, bringing back bad memories of the soulless wall-to-wall action spectacle that sunk The Matrix Revolutions—part of another bloated, self-important and technically amazing pop epic about imaginary worlds clashing with reality—years ago.
(The receptionist is interrupted by Mr. Sapiens)
Since I only had a standard piggy cookie cutter of a pig from the side-view, I asked my hubby to make me another custom cookie cutter. But instead of making it from a soda can like he did the last time, he bought special thin sheets of copper, specifically meant for things like cookie cutters. Awesome! All I had to do was draw him an outline of the piggy, and he did the rest.
Turns out you just had to turn a knob for the gate to open, so she quickly flowed into everything being ok and then had a great time w/ the goats and then there was a snake talk right next to that that she loved, and all was well......
A bit of sugar
Magnet Mania architecture kit Beat Donkey Kong at Magnet Mania
But at least I’m living coz I’ve only got this…
He killed me once again. One hundred and fifty thousand deaths later, two decades of running down that same path, and we’re still no closer to getting that “princess in another castle” than we were at that birthday party in 1988. It was cute at first. He was learning the controls, seeing how I could jump, run and grow. I wish I could’ve shed a tear when he learned how to shoot fire from my hands. Those were good days.
Come White, come Hot Pink, come Yellowgreen & Copper - to the Greatest Show on Earth!
Status: On hold at the library, #1 in queue (I expect to receive this one first as unlike the others, there are multiple copies available in the system).
In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in water and vanilla. Combine flour, oats and salt; gradually add to the creamed mixture and mix well.
Her daughter is grown and out on her own. She is alone now. Her job is done. “But, well-done?” she wonders from time to time.
Me: You need to get rid of that shirt.
When I first met her, I knew I would fall in love with her and I knew I would always love her. Over twenty-five years later, that hasn’t changed. We might have grown apart but still…the feelings remained.
But Freedom of the Press Day serves not only to highlight the importance of an uncensored press: it also serves as a reminder that in dozens of countries around the world, publications are censored, fined, suspended and closed down; that in many countries, journalists, editors and publishers and bloggers are harassed, attacked, jailed and even murdered. It aims to remind governments of the need to respect their commitment to Press Freedom, and to journalists
3 tablespoons powdered sugar
Armoires are efficient and convenient; when you open the doors, you can see everything at a glance: folded items on open shelves, hanging space high enough so nothing touches the bottom, and maybe even a drawer or two for precious items.
Canola or Vegetable Oil
Again…
That said if anyone knows a French Jim Carrey equivalent, I want to buy you a beer. It's not everyday such asstastic talent is mined from the rough. It deserves an honorary toast, don't you think?
I'm really feeling the bitterness today. Bitterness of not being in New Orleans celebrating. Once you've been to the city you quickly realize why so many people love it, but also why people are so disappointed when they miss a prime party-time in that city. As I sat at my desk at 8:30 this morning, sipping on a cup of coffee I found myself stewing over the fact that I wished I was sipping coffee in the French Quarter. And not just any coffee, hell this Foldgers ain't got shit on what I assume the Cafe Du Monde's coffee tastes like... [for the record I've heard it tastes like heaven, I have yet to try it!] and I should have been feasting on beignets as well. You know, to prepare my liver for the evenings mayhem.
I am truly amazed at how much simpler this menu planning has made my life. We purchase a big pack of individually wrapped and ready to freeze chicken breasts from Costco and keep those in the freezer. The morning of the day we're having it for dinner I take it out to thaw and its ready by the time I need it, no more worrying about the chicken going bad, or getting freezer burn, or any of that other stuff. It also comes in really handy when I don't feel like cooking whatever is on the menu, Chicken packets are ridiculously easy to make and sooo good, I'll have to post the recipe for you guys.
Unless you have experienced truth, you cannot know what it is. Not pages of description nor the clever wit of man can tell you what it is. You can only know truth for yourself, and you can know it only when you have freed your mind from illusion. If the mind is not free, you but create opposites, and these opposites become your ideals, as God or truth.
Dies: Spellbinders (oval, scalloped oval, & deckled oval)
You can add another layer of stenciled pastels in a different color, airbrush on top of it, stamp--really you can do any combination you can think of. So cool.
My thyroid biopsy came back as ALL GOOD yesterday! I don't have to go back for another year, and next time all's I have to have is an ULTRASOUND, not STAB-A-PALOOZA!!!
For example, I’m an informal country boy. That’s who God made. I’ll never be formal. It’s true that my rough edges need lots of work. But at the core, I’m learning to trust God to use who I am, frailties and all.
As you'll recall from last week I was starting the Harry Potter themed facecloths for the children this week. I put all the names in a tub and hubby pulled out a name and it was Alan so he got his cloth knit this week. I got all patterns for these cloths on Ravelry but I'll give individual links to each one each week.
"I suppose you realize that if you do walk out on Goethe you'll be leaving him to the Americans?" said Ned, on a practical point of information. "Bob won't let him go, why should he? Don't be fooled by those old Yalie manners of his. How will you live with yourself then?"
Accounting for the nights when I went to more than one show, that's a total of 158 nights I spent out at a show or playing one, about 43% of all nights. Not bad considering I didn't even do any big tours this year.
Ted looks hurt, "No every employee must complete this form and you are still my employee for another ten working days."
Republicans in both Australia and Canada are counting on one thing and one thing only: an unpopular Prince Charles. Their assumptions are based on the idea that people will reject Prince Charles as their king. The problem with this strategy is simple: who says Charles will be unpopular when becomes King?
Here are some old favorites. Red Light, Green Light, Simon Says, Dodge Ball, Duck, Duck Goose, Freeze Tag … The list goes on! Maybe you could get your neighbors to play every night? Just like when we were young! Just think of the fun of taking turns with the kids. One game played by the adults, the next by the kids … Fun!
Entry Method: Please use Rafflecopter form to enter.
There is a kind of relaxed feeling that wraps me when the healing is being done. I t feels as if all the negativity from the affected area is flowing out of my body and the relief is immediate.
A big thank you must also go to Matt for taking the time to run the competition, particularly during what must be a really hectic time for him as his new Joe Hunter novel is launched.
Well, we were lucky enough to get an appointment with the pediatric dermatologist tomorrow morning at 8:30 in Denver. They are waiting to authorize an MRI until we’ve had a consultation with a doctor. I am very grateful. At the same time, I am freaked out. What will happen? What will they tell us? Is your little sister going to be ok? There are so many things running through my mind right now…it’s no wonder I can’t sleep. I’m hoping we will have an uneventful trip down there and that things will be laid out as simply as they can be and that little Abigail will be just fine. I am also realistic (or maybe it’s pessimistic) enough to know that may or may not be the case.
I wish I knew her story. I wonder who had her first? Who spayed her? How many litters of kittens she has had?? Why ( and thank God she did) she ended up with us? HOW OLD IS SHE???????????????????????
I will post the challenge entries on the Challenge page.
Education Trust all operate using the same premises (same office phone number, same fax, same PO Box address) – and, we
Mr Smith ends his piece with his own line of commentary, which I think is suitable to end this piece too.
The fish rots from the head down, of course. DOJ is run by Eric Holder, the Beltway swamp creature who won bipartisan approval for his nomination -- even after putting political interests ahead of security interests at the Clinton Justice Department in pushing presidential pardons for both big donor Marc Rich and several Puerto Rican FALN terrorists.
Part eleven
Keep in mind: “It is well known that psychopaths often convincingly malinger, fake mental illness, when it is to their advantage to do so”, From Without Conscience by Dr. Robert Hare.
The dynamic extends to local campaigns. After a top executive of an Ohio company called Check 'n Go sent emails asking employees to give at least $200 to a hopeful in a local race, one employee quit. "We were told that this was voluntary, but our understanding was that a failure to do so would impact our careers," said the employee, Michael Donovan, a district director of operations."
So yeah. (Man I sure do say that a lot don’t I.)
Sorry, Ajinkya Rahane, you might have played a good knock for Rajasthan Royals, but it does not hold any significance if you carry your bat through the innings and lose the game. This game is a cruel one, indeed. All it matters is a positive result (win), which they failed to produce. They lost the game on their own. It turned out to be a suicidal run chase. How can a team lose chasing 150 odd runs, after they get a start of almost 100 (99) runs for the opening partnership? Had their batsmen crumbled like a pack of cards, a defeat would have been acceptable. But, not with the way Royals started the chase.
And then a Plejaran time fleet from 1,000 years ago appeared and destroyed the Laher time vessel.
He look down. Oh right, he remembered, I’m a badass with a badass housecoat. Look at me &$^#, I’m fabulous.
“I realize how important it is to treat families and patients with respect and concern,” Meyer said. “I want patients and families to feel comfortable and know we will take the best possible care of them.”
“Get some writers cooking on biographical ideas for Muni. Anything but Beethoven. Nobody wants to see a movie about a blind composer” – Jack Warner
I'll play myself some music upon the electric phonograph whilst I ponder.
So they sat on the kitchen counter, waiting patiently for me in a zippy bag, until one day I threw the bag into my purse and took them with me.
Carinin shook his head. “No, I can’t afford to lose a good detective.” He never looked up as he added Sweet-n-Low to his coffee.
off to box up some cookies and hopefully make a few more cards!
Also visible amidst the grass were the bright, shiny bodies of hundreds and hundreds of lipstick red ladybirds, the glossy lacquer of their polka dot print wings gleaming in the late afternoon sun. There were so many of them in fact they were crawling over us and our picnic blanket. You might spot one on my sandal. As the afternoon waned they each mounted and climbed to the top of a sunlit stalk of grass, waiting for what I'm not sure, perhaps a favourable air current to take off or merely to escape the encroaching dew. I found it a rather impressive feat for such a tiny creature.
I have been away the past two weeks in Hawaii on Molochai, at the leper colony where Saint Damien lived and ministered. I have been overwhelmed–so much beauty, and so much sadness, and death. I came home to find out of a death of an old acquaintance,and am planning a service for young girl who lived on the streets. The following quote fits where I am:
No. 4 Boston Celtics vs. No. 5 Atlanta Hawks
It does do well as a container plant also.
And he moved the third string from his harp crying out and saying: The royal daughter is all glorious within; her clothing is woven with gold (Ps. 45:13).
WSC Matches- 13, Wickets- 50, Avg- 24.14, 5W- 1, Best- 6/69
Overall, however, efforts by Mali’s new civilian authorities and by the international community to get the government up and running again, without undue interference by the military, seemed to be working. Then, late Thursday, we learned that a summit of West African heads of state in Abidjan, organized by the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), had decided to fix the duration of Mali’s transitional president and government at 12 months, and to dispatch at least 3000 soldiers to Mali to “secure the transitional government” and “supervise the transition.” And they threatened targeted sanctions against junta leaders who didn’t abide by ECOWAS decisions.
The kit will be in a sealed box alongside more traditional mini-bar items like nuts, chocolate and alcohol. Guests can request an extra special kit containing a whip, mask and bondage tape.
have lit up this face too many times to number.
Here's the first card with details~
The gardening DVD covers making and using compost, raised bed, container and lasagna gardening as well as a nifty no-soil plan for growing potatoes. Did you know that basil LIKES to be planted by tomatoes? I didn't either, until the West ladies shared that little tid-bit of information with me. What are some natural ways to deter bugs from your garden produce? Watch this DVD and you will find out!
I desperately need help, preferably of the supernatural kind, as my copy of "What To Expect The Toddler Years" does not seem to cover possession of any kind. In fact, the writers of that exalted tome are not of the opinion that my son is possessed, at all. They seem to think that this behavior is normal for a toddler, which leads me to wonder just how horrible their children are, to lead them to this conclusion. I have had a 2-year-old before, and she never acted like this. I suppose she was saving it up for her teenage years, as she is surly as fuck now.
Tell us a little about your main characters. Who was your favorite? Why?
My question is, without knowing the particulars of Mr Amors case and set in a broad context, is it not really the case anymore that it is for individuals to take offence for themselves? It would seem that two of the three people concerned had an association based on knowing each other and that the remark made was within the acceptable perameters of their friendship. In such a case there would appear to have been no offence caused.
they stand proud and tall,
Organised sea swims are becoming increasingly popular in Cayman, as evidenced in the record number of people – 700- who participated in last year’s one-mile Flowers Sea Swim along Seven Mile Beach in Grand Cayman.
Both of the above dishes were from the Aquarium’s restaurant and were pretty good. We were impressed by how good they actually were. They were right up there with our faves from McCormick and Schmick’s and Lucky Oyster.
That's it this week! I must get to work on finishing all the preparations for Saturdays show!
Meow Mix Dry Cat Food 3lb $0.75/1
Meanwhile, Stéphane, who had been shopping for a book while I was trying to coral Fry, met us at the library and then we walked around freezing cold Troyes for a bit, stopping at my work to say hello, and then we had a bit of lunch.
But do not ask me to support, through work or taxes or even my time, which has value of its own, a bunch of "protesters" who only wish to take, simply because they feel they are owed it for existing. Everything for everybody, the slogan of a those who grew up getting trophies for showing up and losing. Self esteem is more important than drive or work ethic being the mantra they were raised on.
If passed in the full Senate, Article 58 of the military justice code, as it is known, would establish that military personnel accused of crimes against civilians be tried in federal, civilian courts. The action was approved in both the Senate’s Justice Commission (Comisión de Justicia), and the Primary Commission of Legislative Studies (Comisión de Estudios Legislativos Primera).
“Sometimes the best thing you can do as a parent, is keep your mouth shut. My mother just listened .. and let me talk. What a gift that was.” – Diane Keaton this morning, on the Today Show
Now, normally I would go to the planer to get the other face of the wood smooth, but I only need my pine to be 1/2" thick. To plane from 1 1/4" down to 1/2" is not only a lot of work, but also a waste of wood, so...
JAY-Z (Special Opening Night Event) 10/15 SOLD OUT!
We also used these rocket counting cards. With these cards, the child counts the stars and then puts a clothes pin on the correct number. The kids didn't seem to be very interested in these, so we will probably put these out until they are a bit older.
I started this nonsense what seems like many moons ago because I disagreed with what was and remains the consensus within the beer blogs and beer writing in general that I had been consuming. Namely that mainstream beers were of a poor quality and the people that consumed them were undiscerning mugs and most significantly that the prices of such products were way too cheap and needed to be increased to save the health of the nation, reduce anti social behaviour, save pubs or simply because those proposing such measures didn’t like the products they hoped would be affected. I thus decided to start my own account of buying a cheap box of lager, enjoying it more than I in all honesty expected to do, and not behaving in any manner troublesome to you other than I wasn’t sat in a pub whilst I drank my lager.
While the Spirit’s work at Immanuel is particularly exciting, I don’t think it’s unusual. I could name many GRTS graduates who are TGC members who are capably leading their churches to cherish Jesus as both Savior and Lord. These theologically conservative leaders agree with the criticism that the gospel must transform how we live now. They just don’t think it describes them.
Turning the little brain to mush
Doritos. Any flavor.
For you see, it often seems there is a gaping hole where a confident Labour movement should be (and indeed, from a different angle, where a confident small ‘c’ conservative movement should be too). In surging forth with its robust analysis of the statism the Labour movement had come to embrace, drawing upon much Red Tory analysis and language in the process, Blue Labour has thus far failed to make a convincing and positive case for the state, at least in any serious and sustained manner – thereby neglecting what Anthony Painter has termed the trump card the left has to play against the apparently anti-state coalition.
Than mine, milky and faded.
Colonel Qaddafi is relentlessly anti-Israel, supports the most extreme factions in Syria and opposes the moderating influences of Jordan’s King Hussein and Egypt’s Anwar el-Sadat as part of his campaign of political expansion in North Africa. Qaddafi’s ambitions were strengthened early this year when he successfully invaded Chad, seizing an area believed to be rich in uranium ore. The war also meant more profit for Wilson, who has established his own trading company in Tripoli, known as Meprico, to supply Qaddafi’s army. Libya, relying on its estimated $25 billion in annual oil revenues, is a major purchaser of Soviet arms, and more than 5,000 Warsaw Pact military advisers are believed to be on duty with Qaddafi’s 60,000-man army. A former high-speed-communications and computer-technology expert in the C.I.A., Kevin Mulcahy was no innocent when he came forward about the way the export-import business had worked. He had gone into business with Wilson and Terpil at a high guaranteed income. Within three months, Mulcahy realized that his partners were routinely selling restricted military and communications gear. He himself offered to sell such sophisticated equipment as second-generation computer systems and coded communications machinery. Mulcahy did not hesitate in his talks with the authorities to acknowledge his own role in questionable activities, which included the sale of embargoed ammunition to South Africa. In all of these dealings, he says, he believed or wanted to believe that Wilson and Terpil were somehow part of a covert C.I.A. operation.
seasons!
So I’ve decided to scrap that challenge all together and take a different approach for May keeping a few things in mind:
5) Do you believe in ghosts or evil spirits? Would you be willing to spend a night alone in a house that is supposedly haunted?
Conference president Garry Frank described the document as “the unanimous statement of the officers of the Conference of District Attorneys,” and confirmed that the executive board reviewed Nifong's handling of the entire case.
We will be selling our famous,
Yes, that is the general idea, we are out there to catch criminals, that is people who commit an offence so by saying that when you have been stopped for committing an offence doesn’t really wash. Are you saying that speeding or talking on a mobile phone whilst driving, which could kill someone, isn’t an offence? Please
First I mixed up my favorite Buttercream Recipe, shared with me by my dear friend Amy. Next, I assembled the materials for piping: piping bag, a coupler and large star tip, small paintbrush, and gel coloring.
That’s the secret, flavourful gentle kicker that is both east-west mysterious. I have even tried peeled and seeded ripe lichees also –lovely. They are married with fresh blueberries or another berry. Lichees taste like a fragrant grape.
"We have won a great victory, thanks to you, Jillian." Indigo rested a paw on Jillian's knee. "And you have discovered your own power. Zephyr, the healing wind."
again he comes up with the most beautiful tags and amazing tips - trics and video tutorials.
¾ cup very warm water
So, naturally, it didn't even cross my mind that D wouldn't recognize me. That the last time she saw me, I was a man. Sure, there was the odd chance that the rumor had gotten to her... but it hadn't. And that was even more obvious as I tried to make the best of the situation. What was I to do? Run, or try to explain who I was? Either way, the damage was done, and since I'm not a coward...
The problem is compounded by the fact that many states have dramatically reduced their own emergency management spending in recent years, as the federal government has shown itself willing to shoulder the burden. Basic political truth: Once funding is taken away from a program and spent elsewhere, it becomes extremely difficult to reclaim.
Back Story:
Guess what I will be doing tonight....
There are a few reasons which I’m sure everyone can relate to for why I never lost the weight before, and maintained my overweight existence for so long.
He says he didn't realize his mistake until after he left the leaves at a city recycling center.
“And Bethany?” Arnen tensed visibly. “She was in the city an hour ago, I asked her to put together our supplies while I readied the boat.”
By the end of 3 weeks my system was so overloaded with puffy preservatives that I could feel them popping through my skin. I took one last bite of sodium bisulphate and threw the rest of the mess out vowing that the kids would eat well from then on. And we did, too. There have been no mixes in the house for over 2 years. Oh, the odd cake mix and spaghetti sauce but everything was hand made from that day forth. You know, it took 2 months for their taste buds to reboot so that they could taste real food and recognize the grease content at McPinkslimes.
I wanted to adhere the flower over the seam, but since that was going to be uneven, I knew the adhesion would not be very secure.
The worst was I became so tired, could hardly move, seriously...could hardly move! A friend told me about a Naturopathic Doctor who (get this) worked 3 blocks away from my home and I made an appt. I was looking for the blood work to tell me why I was so big...and why I was so tired. This is the honest truth...I stood on the Dr.'s scale backwards so that I wouldn't know how much I weighed. How's that for DENIAL?
The one that looks easiest may have something lurking around that first bend
"The anti-male world of conspiracy theories in which you and the Sisterhood inhabit is the complete antithesis of the world in which positive women thrive."
The "shadow of the unmoving Sphinx" phrase troubles me a bit here. The logic of the lyrics suggests that the Sphinx's shadow only bothers the closed-hearted, but why the Sphinx? The fixity of the Sphinx is emphasized in "unmoving" but what is it about the Sphinx that bothers the closed-hearted so? Perhaps it's not the Sphinx itself, but what the Sphinx represents. In this case, perhaps it is the central truth of the Sphinx's riddle, solved so long ago by Oedipus (ah, that's the ticket. Our boy Kafka gets his own Oedipean curse), that human life is characterized by change, from infancy, to adulthood, to old-age. Those that are "closed" perhaps are haunted by this simple truth; that change is inevitable, that power, comfort, and knowledge are all conditional.
Telephone: (212) 258-6000
The worst part is that I miss my friend. I miss talking to him every day. When we were friends we didn’t talk a ton, but we had our occasional, nice conversations. I don’t think we’ll ever get back to that point and that feels so awful. I should be happy, I’m moving in three weeks, I should be thrilled at the fresh start and all I can think about is the fact that I’m never going to see him again in my life. That hurts the most.
wind
“Støre has also insisted that Israel dismantle its security wall built in response to the wave of suicide bombings from the West Bank.”
R22 lips
I recently went to see an applied kinesiologist. He told me that the Cod Liver oil wasn't what my body wanted or needed...so I'm now taking a DHA. My body apparently LOVES the Bio Kult probiotics. I was also put on a Riboflavin (vitamin b), which makes my urine fluorescent yellow and a molybdenum. I will say that I will finish out the bottles, but not buy more. I researched molybdenum online and it isn't something that people are usually short on. In very rare cases there is a deficiency. I've been super sleepy, and coincidentally, over usage of molybdenum causes sleepiness.
You know the soap dispenser that magically gets filled?
Let us consider that judgment. There is something far worse than physical death? If you die without the salvation of Jesus Christ you will face that fiery indignation, which is the judgment of God.
(d) leaves meetings, religious services, movies, ER under guise of restroom use to check on blogs of self and others
*Leona Lewis – Better In Time
So as writers this is a doubly exciting time. It’s where we get to meet our public and to embrace the wonderful people who don’t yet know us and swaddle them in our fabulousness. Aren’t you bursting with anticipation?
Have you seen the stuff of the Earth?How dense are you?
It has been a long time since I wrote anything. If you are still reading, thanks for hanging in there! Life just hit that level of busy where blogging fell off the priority list. I last posted just before the kids birthdays in February. I found myself blocked while trying to write the annual 'there goes another year ' update. Much as I love when others write endearingly of their growing children, and much as I adore my kids, I found myself unable to come out with any sincere or satisfying happy birthday posts. The fact that they turned 6 and 4 within a few days of each other and that the intervening time was filled with a business trip to Japan and China, that their fairly elaborate party was two days before I left, and that I had to generate 60 home made valentine cards for them to take to school/preschool before leaving for the trip made the week too overwhelming to write about. The fact that we survived it, and that everyone had a wonderful time has to go down in old fashioned memory, and a couple of facebook status updates, rather than in insightful prose.
Pulled from the “This seems oddly similar” series here at CultFit HQ
After dancing, we were STARVING, and we all went to lunch at Chipotle. It was DELICIOUS! I absolutely loved it. I'd never eaten there before. I got the burrito with some kind of meat. Beef, and a sauce of sorts. With pintos and cheese and sour cream and cheese and mild salsa and OMGosh it was divine! I'm going back, and bringing CPT with me!!!
Later, as we were watching a tv show in which a boy shoots his mom, I yelped “What if the ninja baby tries to kill me?!” and he said “First of all, no ninja baby would use a gun, and second of all, you’d be dead.”
Colombia is the second most biodiverse country on the planet. There are five geographic regions; the Andes, the Caribbean, the Pacific coast, the Amazon and the eastern plains.
So, when I got to the gate, that is just what I said. Of course, I was zoned out to the point of not realizing that the nice Palestinian gatekeeper was one doorway up from the man I had wished peace upon. Instead, I had greeted Israeli security.
The second quilt I would like to share with you is called "Sandstorm Over the White Desert" by an Australian quilt maker by the name of Jenny Bowker. For those of you who may be unfamiliar with Jenny's work, you really are missing out. I have to admit that a quilt by Jenny is one of the reasons why I took up quilting in the first place.
This feeling is important because what came before violence was the fervour of arming oneself up, the joy of getting more and more hardware, and the inevitability of violence when groups of men are fully equipped and dying to give it a go. The sheer number of different groups and their conflicting interests and aims may excuse in some part my immense confusion at the time this was all happening. And this is also the reason why Ziadé's account is so accessible, because she, as a child in that same period, was as confused as I was. Living as part of the Christian community, her father a lawyer, her grandfather the owner of a fabric shop in the Muslim area, she goes from living somewhere where two cultures seem to mix to a place divided along simple lines but with several factions fighting their own battles. At one point when she asks her father whether the Palestinians are indeed, as she has been told by her nanny, scum she gets a response which in its attempt at clarity only goes to illustrate the impossibility of that aim
I’ve got a bit more on character development I would like to discuss, this comes from both my reading for Short Fiction Class and my personal experience as a writer and a reader. Characters, the most beloved of all our writing tools, they require a lot of work. They also require a lot of thought.
But my favourite trips, of them all, was to Scotland.
So what are you waiting for? Come on and get inky and craftin' with us! And remember this stamp is on sale for 30% off HERE at Magnolia-licious!!
The bombing of the villages and people, including women and children, is continuing. On February 20, 2012 Sudan government bombed an area southeast of Kadugli, the capital city of the Nuba Mountains State, killing an entire family and injuring many more, including live stock. People are still living under caves and 300 to 400 people flee to south Sudan seeking shelter or refuge every single day. The Sudan government has attempted to close down the road to the Yida camp by bombing and shelling refugees crossing the border.
I was in the bathroom getting another roll of toilet paper to blow my nose into (HOLY SNOT!!!) and guess what I saw? Yeah. A spider. Little bastard thinks he can come inside MY house to stay warm? I think NOT! Seeing as I didn't have an handy flats fishing guides on hand to stop that MF'er, I uncoiled the central vac hose, plugged it in and sucked that jerk into oblivion. I hope.
Way back when I started this blog and wanted to create lists of my favorite films, I created a category called “films about existence” — a category that seems eminently problematic, yet still encompasses what these three films are doing. Each of them stopped me in my tracks as much for their innovative narrative styles and intersection with other art forms as for the extraordinary places they took me in considering the metaphysical. I’m going to keep my eyes on the field for similarly innovative, risky films. Let me know what you think I should see.
I will be using the piece for keeping my jewelry in.
Shaman King Zero 3 (35:37 – 39:30)
Worship has nothing to do with styles or with sounds, it has everything to do with the condition of your heart and which direction your focusing your energy and love.
Yes, I AM impressed with myself.
It figures... I'm totally inspired and I have so much work to do that I likely won't be able to scrap until we are off to our vacation. We leave in roughly 36 hours. Yipes! And I haven't packed a thing. At least I've made lists though. We definitley don't want to forget anything - especially any of the medical stuff we have to take from now on. I'm hoping the letters from the doctors saying that my son must have access to lots of fluids and takes a medicine that must be dissolved in 8 ounces of fluid (we put it in a Pediasure) will make getting through security with more than the 3.4 ounces of liquid just a bit easier. I hope.
They turned their backs on the man and found, much to their annoyance, that they had reached a road junction. Decisions, decisions, decisions. Why were they all of a sudden limping on two different opinions? They knew exactly which direction O’Connor’s farm was. This was not the first time they had been directed there.
explore who I really am, since it's clear to me that somehow along the way I lost, or hid, a lot of who I am,
VL: All of these independent community kingdoms related to each other through marriage. That’s how you broker alliances—how you gain more power and access to luxury goods, land, and crops. While most of this region was conquered by the Aztecs in the late fifteenth century, the Zapotecs are able to maintain control of cacao production—an important ingredient in chocolate, the drink of the nobility—through a negotiated marriage between a Zapotec prince and an Aztec princess. Similarly, when the Spaniards arrive, these indigenous nobles make alliances and become an integral part of the new world economy—emerging in a new role of caciques, who functioned as intermediaries among the Spanish clergy, the Spanish officials, and the indigenous communities.
I have seen a draft copy of the exhaust positioning rules. These rules are still subject to change because of an ongoing Technical Working Group (TWG) discussion to refine the rules. Ross Brawn in particular has made comments about possible loopholes in these regs.
I printed the body of the book on a Gestetner machine and had the cover (of my own design) printed by a Brandon company. I think the textured orange card was free and they just charged me for the printing. I sold a few, very few and the rest moldered away in our various garages over the decades until one fateful garbage day number 4 when Prism Prisons achieved its ultimate purpose, its destiny - landfill!
The hospitality shown by Ellen and her fabulous staff was superb, we couldn't have asked for better. I can't wait to go back and teach later in the year.
Absolute Write
… I was not immediately able to see these “antlers”, their shape changed according to the flight of my imagination. In order to better orient myself, I had to ask about their magnitude and extent. It turned out — about half a meter long, one symmetrical “horn” on each side. I had to be satisfied with this for the time being.
Farther along we’ll understand why;
but inside I think it's really cute.
Spread mixture about 1/4-inch thick onto dehydrator trays with nonstick sheets.
Just because Mandarin speech leaves my mouth comparable to that of a 3-year-old doesn’t mean I’m stupid. It doesn’t mean I’m incapable of thinking like a young adult, and it certainly doesn’t mean I don’t understand (through body language) what others are asking of me.
Next, it’ll ask you for a pass phrase. Think of something good, something long, something that wouldn’t easily be guessed. Type that in:
Forest City does have some good news to report regarding CBA compliance; cumulative employment of minorities is 41%, while employment for women is 3%.
Hey…haven’t been here for a l-o-n-g time! Life!
So Mr Prograf, get thee to a lab, and sort it out. Pronto.
Hope you like them and thanks for stopping by.
Well anyway, those conditions I guess, were a means of testing the mettle of the souls intrepid enough to gather on Pacific Street, to exchange anecdotes of law enforcement interrogations as well as hearing from the young woman,Katheryn McInnis who had a similar interrogation last week while taking pictures at the Atlantic Yards site. For more on Katheryn's story check out BritInBrooklyn's blog.
There are problems, you see. And no easy fix. The seat bolt is stripped and immoveable and needs to be drilled out. But it’s impossible to access it with a from underneath. Normally this might mean just sawing it off (and replacing the seatpost.)
(Matthew 6:9-13)
Mar 8 – Police reveal they are probing a RM1.7 mil apartment cum office purchase by the NFCorp in Khazakhstan, believed to have been made after the company signed an agreement to help the Khazakhstan government breed cattle.
Earlier this morning Andrew Savikas of O’Reilly shared some information about the volume of ebooks being sold from their web site. It’s useful for us to note that the sales Andrew talked about take place in the context of consumers accessing the O’Reilly brand direct from the corporate web site(and not purchasing via resellers). It is time for us to think less about unit margin and much more about our overall brand value.
some or all of the milk with yoghurt or buttermilk or fresh fruit juice
She just devours him.
For Garnishing:
If these statements surprise you, I recommend you read the whole article to find out how this is done.
During the debate, Lim Guan Eng did not take questions directed to him by the crowd – giving answer that deflected from the questions. But he now accuses the people who posed questions as being all MCA members after the debate. This reduces the substance of a debate. What the audience wants to hear most is Lim Guan Eng providing a satisfactory and visionary answer to show the public the direction of Pakatan Rakyat and DAP.
mad with
Back in the day, one of my favorite songs was by Three Dog Night.
For making dough
6. Bake for 6-9 minutes, or until cookies are set on the edges. Carefully remove from baking sheet using a wide spatula and cool on wire racks.
The plain cream tag was sprayed with glimmer mist in red and turquoise before adding the paper pieced sun and cloud and the little envelope was created using an old wooden template from a craft show I got about 15 years ago! Inside the little envelope is hand written tag with a personal message on for me.
He will be sharing Latin, History Geography, Science, Art and Music with his older sibling so that is the same as above.
There just isn't enough time in a day for blogging anymore. Mostly because I work, but also partially because I'm trying to sleep enough hours a day so that I can function. I know it's selfish of me... But today I was reading my fav blog The Bloggess, and it made me yearn to write something whitty...or is it witty. (Probably the second one. The first one made me think of that episode of Family Guy where Stewie accentuates the silent 'h' in words like whip. Hilarious.)
When I say journal, I mean notebook. I do have a fancy leather journal (somewhere), but for the most part I use small, ordinary notebooks, including the 25 cent black and white composition books you get at Wal-mart.
Under Operation Fast And Furious, there was no plan or means to track the weapons after their sale. Licensed gun dealers were coerced by the BATFE into making repeated bulk sales, even when they expressed grave concern about the persons buying the weapons, including known felons. Federal cash was provided to the straw purchasers when they did not have their own money.
I clench my jaw, and lift my chin. “I’ll retrieve my family’s souls back. Even if it means treading the Shadow realm.”
I did have a disappearing 9 patch block in mind when I bought the fabrics mentioned in my previous post. I came across this block by accident but thought it was cute. I believe it's also know as "9 to 4" because it starts life as a 9 patch, and ends up as 4 blocks. I decided that I was going to use 5" squares for this, although you could make them bigger or smaller according to preference.
screaming back and forth at one another
If war comes, we may see the bizarre spectacle of European patriots supporting a war of aggression against Pakistan as a reaction to the propaganda of the Zionists leading us into war. The Establishment have created Breivik and groups such as the EDL to form a solid support base for their wars. Europeans will die as a result of the coming war. Pakistanis will die in their own country, provoking anger in the colonies, which may spill over into bloodshed in our homeland. The Zionists who will gain from this will be safe in their well-guarded communities.
I know I have been non existent in this blogging world lately, but i haven't had time to do anything lately with this jewelry stuff. It's taking over I swear! Anyway I thought I'd share some of our pre deployment pictures with you, and I promise very soon I will be back in the blogging world I will definitely need the support of my fellow wives to make it through this deployment! These are just a few of my favorites, I don't know how I will ever decide on which ones to hang up as we got over 40 pictures!
7. Hot Fun In The Summertime—Sly and The Family Stone
Young, old or in-between, this is an experience will always remain in your psyche. However, I have found on my journey that it seems to be easier for someone who is younger to bounce back. Maybe it is because society does not expect someone who is past a certain age to make the mistakes that they do. Well, we all make mistakes – big and small – and not only do they affect the people around us; they also affect how we perceive ourselves.
2T feta cheese
Nina's Homemade Wheat Pizza Crust with olive oil & Italian Seasoning, as the pizza sauce, with grilled chicken and pears...my absolute FAVORITE dinner!
Some visitors came searching, mostly for 3 weeks 5 days pregnant, tales of a brown eyed girl, 19 weeks pregnant ultrasound, nt scan, and 3 weeks 5 days pregnant symptoms.
And drags you out of paradise
Sanctuary uses reclaimed needle-work to reinterpret historical bird and insect paintings and is the result of two years of solid work. Each piece is painstakingly constructed by pinning the deconstructed embroidery pieces to nylon tulle to create texture and fill in the detail. Oh, and what detail!! Layer upon layer of foliage and flowers blended together, so much detail I could barely stop myself from touching. Not a good idea in a museum, plus the guard was watching me like a hawk.
My beer notebook shows that three days after this initial sampling, I was back to have a growler filled. What better endorsement can there be than a repeat purchase?
I kept the colours to a minimum, added balloons using faded jeans distress ink (which was used in the background) and a bi-plane in the foreground in bold black.
"The internet is full of people posting about all sorts of restaurants and cuisines they know almost nothing about. I may only post about one place, but I am the world expert about that place."
In the second version there, I left out one argument that I discussed the first time. Between saying that he doesn’t believe in God by choice, and saying that the atheological evidentialist objector may regard the theist-without-evidence as sick or malfunctioning, Plantinga argues that there is not a general obligation to have evidence for everything you believe, thus:
3. Early Recovery - Changing Addictive Thoughts,
With the final book now available, I look back at our efforts over the past several years with unabashed pride. Make no mistake: Star Trek: Vanguard was Marco and Dave’s playground; their little slice of the Star Trek universe, in which they hoped to provide added context and new appreciation for the era of the original Star Trek television series. They didn’t have to invite us over to play, but they did, much to our delight. While I’d like to think we brought a few things to the table and held up our end when it counted, the series as a whole reflects the ideas and vision developed by Marco and Dave way back in 2004. I’m pretty sure I speak for Kevin when I say we’re honored to have been part of the fun.
I was raised Catholic. Absolution found in confession, penance, contrition and it sounds so simple. Confess your sins, act sorry for them and perform an act of contrition. Contrition takes away the sin and its consequences. Doesn’t it seem too easy? Can there really be confession, if there’s no one to hear it? Penitence if there’s no one to forgive it?
“My folks won’t be back until later tonight”, she volunteered for no reason. “Perfect, then we have plenty of time.” My horns were beginning to show.
I love to walk a lot, but … in two particular cities that seem to be impossible. Well, that’s if you ask the locals. I am of course talking about London and New York. Recently in London and in the late evening in Bayswater I wanted to reach a bookstore. Since I am not to familiar with the area of Notting Hill I asked in the restaurant where the closest bookstore is and they both answered.
No crafting done this week but maybe tomorrow:)
It is my understanding that the GOP hates happy people, hence their constant rejection of “gay marriage”, or, marriages that are actually happy.
#10: Picking up the favorite TZ episode countdown started by my good friend Steven Philip Senski, here's my first entry. One of the best stories to come out of the mostly dreadful fifth season, "The Masks" is a neat little EC-style tale of dark vengeance with the vile villains getting their just desserts. Chances are you'll never think about attending a masquerade the same way again. What are your sins, friends?
Sparks have successfully steered clear any of the aforementioned heinous pop crimes.....errr, so maybe they repeated themselves on Plagiarism, by covering their own songs, but hey, they managed to bring something new to those songs, and gave the album an ironic title!
He cried for a little bit,
Dane kept tickling me; he seemed to have realized I was quite ticklish there. I was almost lying down and he was kneeling over me.
Letherton
The global dust belt has not received as much press as the global fashion weeks so you might not be familiar with this story. (Aerosols can be dust, clouds--both liquid water and ice, pollution, sea spray and volcanic ash). Occasionally, dust can be injected into the jet stream, a fast-moving river of air that circles the globe. Asian dust ends up in north America, American dust ends up in Europe, European dust ends up in Asia and so on.
STEVEN: I was always interested in aikido. As a teen I did both Judo and Karate, but I wanted a martial art that I could practice for the rest of my life. One of the great things about aikido is a technique doesn't have to do lasting harm (or you can kill someone with it). It's the Martial art you can use on a inebriated relative at the family reunion without getting kicked out of the family. This choice, not to inflict harm, is an advantage as I don't have to hesitate to respond to an attack. Worrying about the harm I might do =would= cause me to hesitate.
We had Titus' 6 month well check a few weeks late last week. I didn't feel it necessary to have his shots the week after he was sick with RSV. Last week he weighed 18.15 lbs and was 27.5 inches long! He FEELS that heavy too! He's such a solid little chunk!
Can you believe it's the last day of March?! Wow...it seems like it just flew away. And -- no different than last month, I'm posting my March tag, for Tim Holtz' 12 Tags of 2012, on the last day. I'm just glad I made it. =)
Just slap some paint on me
Moving on, why don’t couples have sex?
Driving Directions from Hotel to Washoe County Regional Shooting Facility – Pyramid Range Friday for long Range Rifle and Pistol, Saturday for Steel Challenge Pistol shooting, and to the Sage Hills Gun Club for Cowboy Fast Draw on Sunday.
It turns out: very. The kids behaved splendidly through the next set of errors.They were jovial and respectful, despite the sugar rush, and they might have even learned a thing or two about Shakespeare.
EDIT: I shouldve posted my email addy for anyone to respond to. heav_c@hotmail.com
This is all for the sake of keeping her kidneys healthy. Without healthy kidneys, you can't grow and develop, and as a type one diabetic...again, we need strong, healthy, kidneys. She already has a lot of strikes against her.
For a full list of precautions for children, teenagers and adults, read the manufacturer product inserts and get more information about how to recognize a vaccine reaction at www.NVIC.org. Find out whether the pertussis vaccine your doctor is recommending for your child has been studied for safety and effectiveness when given at the same time as other vaccines. For example, many pertussis vaccines have not been studied in clinical trials when a flu shot is given at the same time.
Rating: (6) (19)
I liked that Monroe creates the characters to become friends first as it was needed to let them take the final plunge into love.
In the dance.
I am hopeful...
The AuSud Media blog was set up for Sudanese Australians who completed the AuSud Media Project’s eight week journalism training course. This course was run by the Centre for Advanced Journalism at The University of Melbourne with the support of the ABC, AMES, the Sidney Myer Foundation and the Victorian Multicultural Commission. Its aim is to give Sudanese-Australians the skills to develop their own community media voice.
MEG's RATING : D-EEEEE-LICOUS!
Quite remarkably pale and clean to look at.
This is what ole Bill was talking about. If you want your message to get people's attention, you have to make it worth their while, and you have to make it fresh. This requirement for creativity makes things complicated. How does one depict the truth imaginatively, without some extent of exaggeration, or creative license? Where does one draw the line? You may think that Honda's ad is OK, because it doesn't actually claim anything about the actual product that is untrue.
Sorry for the rambling post…lots to catch up on!
Me: Jesus loves us so much that He died so we could be free from sin. He prays for God’s children and He watches over us.
It may not be the sweeping change some have hoped for, but it is far and away the biggest step in the right direction we’ve ever seen from a US President.
*even bigger grin*
This is always our "go to" place for all things related to the kid's schooling and activities. However, to ensure the bin doesn't overflow with all the papers I can't part with, I had created this binder system to house all my favs.
An official PJ source told Renascença that the news do not have any basis and are utterly false. According to “Diario Sur”, the new lead arrived at the Spanish authorities ten days ago and reports that a girl with physical similarities to Maddie had been seen in the city of Nerja, close to Malaga.
Treasure the patches of deepest shade, the terrain of ancient, towering trees.
The company started its first store in the CBD area of Sydney, Australia and was called Woolworths Stupendous Bargain Basement on December 1924. Cheap location in Brisbane was the reason why Woolworths decided to open another store there in 1927. Until that time having a chain of stores was not in the minds of its management and owners. The strength and relevance of Woolworth was proven because despite of the depression period Woolworths kept expanding, opening a store in nearby New Zealand in 1929. From then on the store chain kept growing.
by Polly Teale
I'd really recommend getting together with a few friends in order to save money on bulk orders. And I'll definitely be organising a get together once we've all used our fabric. I love the idea of a group of women all surreptitiously showing each other their coat or skirt linings! A bit like Lefty from Sesame Street…
well, it stopped raining for a while and we braved the wet and the mud.
You can use any type of citrus fruit for variation. That would be your version...
Product Marketing Manager of Fiber Optic Test Equipment. I have founded and sold a fiber optic distributorship, Project Managed Fiber Optic Networks and Distributed Antenna Systems installations for campuses, cities and stadiums. I have managed $24M sales territories and exceeded sales plans. I am a competitive person. I founded and play for the Lady Monarch Ice Hockey team who were National Runners up in 2011 and compete in Sprint and Olympic Triathlons. I am Audi Club Driving instructor.
You can use any line of three ...You have the whole month of May to play along..
be back tomorrow to share the cutest cookies
- Like wan tam Silvi's (his woman) kid come in our room, after first night of me maikin sam dough far Leno, and the kid say: 'It in his shoe' which's war I had mah cash. I told Silvi bout this. She say: 'He said “Let's go to school,” not, “It's in yer shoe!!”
"Getting dressed up for a festival is all about becoming another version of you," a spokesperson explains. "An exaggerated, bold and colourful character. So this year we are transforming the Deer Park into another world with our theme Fairy Tales and Comic Books."
Over at ABC News one can play “fantasy” election – by mapping the electoral votes by state, awarding the states that one believes would go to Mitt Romney and those that Might go to Barack Obama – ABC Currently favors Romney: with 198 to Obama’s 196 solid votes (either Democrat or Republican based on voting history of the state in question – Obama picks up 54 votes for states that “lean Democrat”, while Romney has 11 that lean Republican, there are 82 electoral votes that are “could go either way”, from the following states: VA, NC, IA, FL, NV and CO. Of course, one might use an entirely different method of playing this game - basing it on the Presidents job performance numbers, state by state. Any state over 50% approvals (and that includes states where his approval is at 50.1%) is a fairly safe bet for Obama – there are, according to Gallup’s latest findings: 10 states where Obama enjoy a 50% or better threshold of job performance approval. This has been consistent with the last three survey’s taken by the polling firm – Approval January 2012, February 2011, and the first in February 2010, when the map looked a little bright for the President, the top states where his approval ranked higher than others, remained the same.)
I've seen lettuce wraps before.
Leonnatus will bring me a warm cloth,
-Look for Amazon coupons that you can clip for greater savings.
Trust that there is a tiger, muscular
Thanks to @emahlee for the link to the "save our journalists" campaign from Grist - journalists as endangered species who need organic tea - here's the video.
Word of the day: gralloch: the art (and it is an art) of disembowelling the carcass on the hill. Oddly, it's more fascinating than gruesome.
"Look," he said, his eyes all aglow. "A thousand dollar bill. "
The Girl In The Fireplace
I snapped it closed. “Mr. Tibbs, go on–the pirate was over you. What happened?”
My friend is also happy to be quoted as boasting the following - with hearty laughs: she is 26; never studied literature; never written a book; only ever reads the first 10 pages of a book, then dips in and out until she has enough to write her review; she admits she doesn't know "a lot" about anything, let alone books, as Rachel Cooke argues; her reviews appear under a pseudonym in the publication, because she is often embarrassed about what she writes; she swears that this is not an isolated case.
The movie was written largely by Rod Serling of The Twilight Zone fame. His hand in the script is evident considering the famous O. Henry twist ending. As is usually the case with Serling’s scripts, it is a stew of social commentary on the issues of nuclear war, science v. religion, human rights, animal rights, and probably a half dozen other topics film critics have “discovered” in it over the years. Deconstructive criticism can be employed to the point at which it defies all logic, so I am careful how far I go in ripping scripts apart. The following is what I got out of the film. Your mileage may vary.
Papa depicts the saint in action in the prayer. It is a common enough depiction when a prest or saint is depicted celebrating the Eucharist (as in The Mass of Pope St Gregory). The Eucharist involves action and words. The acts are what we call ritual which are part of the prayer. These acts are not theatrical or performance art. They are far more serious and profound. They are part of the prayer, the Reality and the witness to the Truth:
Also Le Corbusier’s “towers-in the- park” concepts were influencing planning thinkers, and the concept of incentive zoning—trading additional floor area for public amenities—began to be put forward. The idea was to emulate the perceived success of The Seagram Building is a skyscraper, located at 375 Park Avenue, designed by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, in collaboration with Philip Johnson, with its public plaza. There was also increasing architectural research on maximizing sunlight, and not just skylight as in the 1916 ordnance.
Please contact me kcurry71(at)gmail(dot)com with your choice of two SSD images and I'll get them right out to you!
I gave this lady, lighter hair and the green is a lighter shade. I am trying to keep them similar with a little bit of change, to mix it up. I added an eye to this one, which I will do with all of them and I am thinking of adding laces to the boots.
The first one was a prawn with a herb butter cream on toast. The prawn was fresh and juicy and goes well with the cream. I could not really identify what flavours were in the cream exactly but it had a very light taste. It could use some lemon but otherwise it was still a nice small snack. The other toast was with crab salad and fish. It was extremely creamy with a lot of mayonnaise. Generally, I’m not that big a fan when there’s so much mayonnaise that the crab stick flavour gets drowned out.
I really want to tell Taylor about how inspiring she and her music have been to me, but since Taylor Swift is an international superstar, she’s a little hard to reach. This is where YOUR help comes into play! I am giving away the biggest prize pack I've offered yet, and the ways to enter to win are by telling Taylor Swift about Remembrance.
Used Bonnie's lovely texture Wicked on one of the apple blossoms, which were so lovely.
Bliss to me is meeting Temple Grandin and also playing my Bejeweled game :).
4. Add bread and stir. Turn off the heat and let it sit for 2-3 minutes.
What do you think about Oprah and Tolle?
15. Around And Around
I don't know how or why but it came back to the post office....and to me.
They will feel they are being torn apart and they
Todd and Manchee, out near the swamp gathering apples one day discover a "hole" in the noise. It terrifies both boy and dog and when Todd's adoptive parents hear of what he's found, they hand Todd a bag that they've had packed and tell him to run. Everything he knows is a lie, they say. He is in danger, especially from Aaron, the Prentisstown preacher. He needs to head back to the swamp where, he'll "know what to do." But Todd doesn't know what to do and most of his journey is spent with trying to figure out what that is. New World gets even stranger as he and Manchee race through it, pursued by an inhumanly persistent Aaron and the ugly past of Prentisstown.
A solemn faced Mrs Pettigrew takes the books off her and thanks her.
I am going to be attending the ward now.
* How do you think using the services of a literary consultancy can benefit an aspiring writer?
He take a glaze, but still do his presentation. ‘Su?’
"This song was created, two, three months after the incident. One of the strangest things is that you find yourself in a position of wanting to talk about a situation. But normally when we were talking about incidents of this level it was always in the third-person sense, where you're like looking from the window, and you're seeing what's going on. But we wanted to make this one of the first songs in which we're actually doing it in the first person."
~Hikari
But somehow, none of that matters to me, the cat-lover. (Though it all drives my husband, a lifelong dog guy himself, absolutely batty. Go figure.)
The properties, around 500 in all, include houses, offices, development land, agricultural land, hotels, pubs, industrial buildings and shops in Ireland, Northern Ireland and Great Britain.
Yes, I have to post pictures of my kids because I'm boring.
In using the name of’ Pedro D.D. Ramos” before the courts instead of the name by which he was authorized to practice law – Dionisio D. Ramos – respondent in effect resorted to deception. The demonstrated lack of candor in dealing with the courts. The circumstance that this is his first aberration in this regard precludes Us from imposing a more severe penalty.
Ah ha. I have been talking to God since I was a child, and studying His word since I was nineteen. I have gone to Him in prayer–giving Him thanks, asking for His wisdom, His will. But, . . . you have no idea. When the time came that I had found my birthparents/birthsiblings, and one by one they came into my life and then exited–refusing to acknowledge me as a biological relative/someone worth knowing, my pain overwhelmed my faith.
Stabbed that man right in his heart
'Beautiful Spring' & 'Mother & Father' are perfect for this time of the year.
The basic idea of this tutorial is that the felt butterfly is a blank canvas for you to decorate however you want. You can use pretty sequins or buttons or beads, or stitch a design with colourful embroidery threads - let your creativity run riot!
WASHINGTON, DC – The Social Security Administration last month told its disability-claims judges they are no longer to seek out information from websites when deciding cases — taking away a tool some of those judges say would help in uncovering fraud.
3. I've heard several people rip on the trailer for this movie. Say huh? That, I just don't get. Now, you all know I try to avoid trailers because they spoil movies, but I've watched this one several times since going. I think it's one of the greatest trailers ever. That loud, tonal, booming sound. That's my new favorite sound.
That same year at Asilomar, I took a class from Jean Wells. I had grandiose plans to create a huge 50x50 inch quilt using this technique. I would have to make millions of flowers.
When I imagine this sequence working better, it is not necessarily with a different actor in the role, but replaced with another character type – perhaps not one based around a task but a recognizable type, nonetheless, maybe the standard issue university professor with a plummy english accent who spends the whole sequence tamping his pipe. He says many of the same lines that the character now has, including the racial epithets, but instead they now work, because we do not consider the possibility of knowing this character any deeper than any of the others, whether it’s his use of racial epithets, or his friendship with Jules Winfield. I give the idea of a professor as an example, but it could be any other type, a blues musician, a rich man, a con man, as long as it be clearly a type, rather than the possibility of a realistic character.
I’m relieved to report that my own home appears pretty much devoid of scandal – so far. (I cannot, regrettably, make the same claims for blasphemy). Our palazzo hosted a couple of eminently respectable Doges, Vitale and Ordelaffo, who enriched the built environment of Venice. William Dean Howells lived here in the 1860s as a newly married man and astoundingly young American consul. He was forced to leave by the depredations of his venal housekeeper.
This is a movie that never would have flown after the Code. While corrupt politicians have always been a staple of the movies, the code would have demanded they be punished (a la Senator Paine in Mr. Smith Goes to Washington). Although there was no specific injunction against depicting corrupt public officials--as there is in contemporary Chinese film, for example--The Breen Office frowned on criticisms of the system itself and there was an injunction against "sedition," which is something that's often in the eye of the beholder, depending on their political point of view. While this may sound outrageous to American ears in an era of relaxed censorship, it's worth keeping in mind that movies were unprotected as speech in the classic Hollywood era, having been ruled so by The Supreme Court in 1915 (a decision not overturned until 1952). It was legal for governments to censor them, and they often did.
Thy fortunes. How! that I should murder her?
Eventually D came out with “I don’t have an answer for you- I haven’t really thought about it.” Really. Really? Seriously? You know I have a kid, and that she is always going to be around, and if you want to be a part of my life she will be a part of your life too! The thought never crossed your mind? Really. He also went on to say that he felt it was sort of “early” to be discussing the subject.
For a long time, I have been bothered by this vague notion that the fact that I eat meat does not entirely jive with the fact that I am not only an animal lover but one of those people who refuses to even kill a cockroach. This isn't for any religious or ideological reason. It's just that I am a huge softie. I want to adopt all stray dogs. And cats. And some of the squirrels in our local park. Of course I can't do this. I am bound by the necessary constraints of a thing called reality (and the protestations of my incredibly patient husband) which dictate that one large dog within one smallish apartment is quite enough.
Contrast. Shannon, Blake’s GF. Total. Babe. Marissa, just a friend and fellow photographer. Shannon loves him; Marissa needs him. How is he supposed to frame them both in one shot?
The woman
Finish: Very long, one you feel you can still taste the next day. Dry sherry, fine rum, pine, licorice, creamed corn, oak and pine.
I cannot wait to show you all what I found at culture shock! Since I have so many different goodies for you, it will be spread among a few posts, with two looks per post. Have fun and I hope you all enjoy!
After the high powered dance moves, Janet left the stage and clips of her various acting roles were shown -Penny from Good Times, Charlene from Different Strokes, Justice from Poetic Justice, and Pat from Why Did I Get Married Too – yes, the golf club smashing glass tables scene. The audience really screamed loudly during that clip. The lights went low and Miss Jackson was back in a lavender gown with silver spikes on the shoulders and a KILLER silver pair of Christian Louboutins. She sang Nothing, Come Back to Me, Let’s Wait Awhile. Following the slow songs, Janet kicked things back into high gear. She killed I Get Lonely.
American Indian Student Association -UC Irvine
On my drive home from the train station, a man ran a red light at high speed -- really ran it, as my light had been green for a long time -- and came straight at me. I saw Red Runner coming and braked as hard as my body could brake. Red Runner careened past, the nose of Seattle Mom's van grazing the side of his car and peeling the trim off like one of them tasty Fruit by the Foot snacks.
Don't Mess With Texas
The Depression of the 1930s is long over, the farming days are gone, and the fake Kettles live on only on film. So too will my in-laws pass, the real-life Ma and Pa, who have given me their beautiful daughter, a ton of laughter, and a sense of how hard the life of two have-nots can be.
If James Whitcomb Riley is not on your list of sweet guys (besides Twain) that came from the midwest, you might want to rearrange your post-it notes and move Riley to the top.
According to Variety, Yates is working with Jane Tranter, who is the LA head of BBC Worldwide, previously Head of Fiction at the BBC until 2008.
As soon as we have the return itenerary one of us will post it.
A downpour, absolute deluge, woke me up too early. I was able to go back to snooze. Then Cleo decided it was time for me to GET UP. It's a gray ucky day.
The R20-billion squandered by the government in the year ending March 2011, was an increase from R16-billion the year before.
(World, 5-19-97, p. 30)
Hello! This week at Shopping Our Stash we are asking you to use something (one or more) things that start with B! Think blue, brown, beige, boy, bicycle, bug, butterfly, or use a Bugaboo Stamp Image!
“Our view of him is quite dim.”
But we are not alone.
Focal Points
Deception always has to hide in darkness. Truth can withstand the scrutiny of daytime and light. Unlike corporate tyranny, Mohawks have nothing to hide.
( Turkey in the straw)
Can you believe that February is here in only a few days?
The amount of free acid in British beer appears to be uniformly larger than in the Viennese or Bavarian beer, and sometimes it is very much larger. This free acid is represented in the tables as acetic acid; but there is reason to believe that only a part of it is acetic acid, and that beer probably contains lactic acid and some substance analogous to glucic acid, which, according to Graham, Hofmann, and Redwood, appears to be produced in the fermentation of beer-worts, as practised in this country.
“Namaste Bhabhiji, uncle has sent these bags. He will come a little later.” He said to her.
Let’s consider the role of poetic truth in ancient society. On this basis, we can understand how Socrates challenged the poetic paradigm.
Mark Jardim, 39, New York, N.Y.
Austin still mentions you by name.
We'll be updating this post throughout the day to create an archive of all the posts. We'll also try to post links to every blog using the Twitter stream @BADDtweets
"Eye for an Eye"
Parallelogram: A = b×h
There is no indication, for instance, who Terasasi’s bankers might be, but they might be beginning to take notice.
The Paper Mate InkJoy portfolio includes seven pen styles available in a variety of bright, modern ink colors.
After an intensive but fruitful week with three Pulitzer Prize worthy books, below summarizes my verdict. (Click here for my previous post about this reading challenge)
So, a few months after my initial wave of rejections, I re-queried about six or seven of the agents who'd passed. I didn't tell them it was a re-query, I just sent the letter as if it were the first time.
When we move (just a few weeks now!) into the house I will be getting my own small room to turn into a closet. I have been slowly thinking of ways to make it the most efficient closet I can including ordering 3 rolling racks and a waterfall (for staging outfits I think of for later wear).
I hope and pray that all girls find the depth of friendship, community, personal growth, and connection that my daughter and I have found through Girl Scouts, and that Girl Scouting remains strong for the next 100 years!
Well, that's it for me today. Got loads of washing to do - I can't believe how many clothes my girls wear and I bet most of it is clean - they've most likely picked it up of the floor after just looking at it, then it's got thrown in the basket.
Another weakness of proxy detailing is that it shortcuts one of the things we ask literature to do, namely, to help us see the familiar in a new light. If I do indeed have a sufficient knowledge of an '85 Chrysler LeBaron to form an image of it, it is my image that is being formed, unaltered and unestranged by the author's artistic vision.
Bolívar finally resigned his presidency on April 27, 1830, intending to leave the country for exile in Europe, possibly in France. He had already sent several crates (containing his belonging and his writings) ahead of him to Europe. He died before setting sail, after a painful battle with tuberculosis on December 17, 1830, in La Quinta de San Pedro Alejandrino, in Santa Marta, Colombia.
As JinC has pointed out, the record of an official police spokesperson (Cpl. David Addison) giving out false information to the public is unacceptable. Yet no record exists that Addison was disciplined in any way for his false and inflammatory statements.
approvals from the ministry or the Federal executive council which
If nothing else, I’d at least like to thank Lower Dens for giving me the comedic fodder necessary to write this review. I couldn’t have done it without you guys.
Save for one particular day, it was getting late (I think it closed early on Saturdays at this point) and before my parents came and got me, I decided to visit the drug store two doors down to have a peak at his rack toy aisle (anyone else noticing a disturbing pattern with me?)
Caetano Veloso- Irene
MaNiC
March 28 2012 at 03:35pm
Luckily, I have a favorite way to roast my turkey. I generously season the cavity with salt and pepper, and then stuff it full of aromatics - I use garlic, lemons, whole sprigs of fresh herbs (rosemary from our garden, in this case), and a whole quartered onion. Then I slather the outside with lots of olive oil, and season with more salt, pepper, and chopped herbs. Tuck the wings under, tie up the legs with twine, and it's ready to go in the oven!
My parents live out of state and so does my sister. I have no family, really where I live. I’m sort of used to it, so by not having to deal with my family on a regular basis, once again, when I see them it’s all about enjoying the moment. The longer I stay, the more prone I am to becoming nuts and then mean.
Anyway, instead of giving up blogging, I have decided to give new life to it instead by utilizing both blogs in their own way.
South Africa has crashed and we are only now seeing, feeling, living and experiencing the effects thereof. SA was on the road to collapse in 1989 already when FW de Klerk started his capitulation and finally crashed in the 1990's under Nelson Mandela who was not a leader, he was not a President, he was not a manager, he was nothing other than a mere media-made icon, a mantle-piece, all for the show and were polished on the outside only.
Last Saturday we headed off on a mystery camping trip - our leader was the only one who knew where we were going...
If you don’t happen to have thirty minutes to watch this video, I would advise you to make thirty minutes as soon as you can.
And so we went back in, and I heaved it off the display shelf. Michael wisely suggested a test-ride before purchasing. I looked ahead and waited for the aisle to clear. I began to straddle the seat, then started to lose confidence. When was the last time I rode a bike? 4 years, at least, I thought. I thought about my favorite Frasier episode, when Frasier and Niles learn to ride a bike for the first time as adults. Frasier was so worried about crashing into a tree that every time he began to ride, he did just that, face-planting into the very thing he was so focused on.
Moving in to 2009, Nkateko went from strength to strength and proved to be a very independent youngster, and learnt a lot about the local Rockfig hyena clan through far too regular contact with them, but one thing she did learn from this was to take her kills into a tree as soon as she could, and even at a just over a year old, she would hoist the smaller kills that her mom took her too almost instantly.
Morten Hansen in his book “Collaboration” offers some solutions. In fact one of Morten’s network rules is actually “build weak ties, not strong ones.” According to author:
Me: “How do you know?”
﻿Looking for a knock-out-wake-me-up bar? How about one with double the amount of cocoa butter for soft skin? This bar is both! Vanilla naturally turns cold process soap brown. Don't worry the soft tinted lather washes away clean.
1 gone
of the cossack's daughter, shipped
"Honey!!! Tirhan niyo naman ako ng lalaki. Ikaw at yang kaibigan mong si Arlan! (Please leave some guys for me. You and your friend Arlan!)" V implored.
Picasso: "Art is not the application of a canon of beauty but what the instinct and the brain can conceive beyond any canon. When we love a woman we don't start measuring her limbs." Well, he has dismissed proportion but that is only one part of the whole.
A country drive on an incredibly beautiful day here in the Bay Area. Yesterday I went to
Japanese coins in my change purse for two
Winner, Cabourg Romantic Film Festival – Best Actor (Jean-Pierre Bacri)
Where do you hurt and what do you do to feel better about it?!?!?
As a writer, I could give a shit what the New York Times thinks of my latest, or if MWA gives me an Edgar award, or if I'm on a shelf in the Podunk Public Library. Those are all ego strokes.
The US House of Representatives voted 388-to-3 in favor of H.R. 347 late Monday, a bill which is being dubbed the Federal Restricted Buildings and Grounds Improvement Act of 2011. In the bill, Congress officially makes it illegal to trespass on the grounds of the White House, which, on the surface, seems not just harmless and necessary, but somewhat shocking that such a rule isn’t already on the books. The wording in the bill, however, extends to allow the government to go after much more than tourists that transverse the wrought iron White House fence.
2. I really love treehouses and secretly want to build one of my very own.
‎”Make sure that your number one goal is to have a relationship with Jesus Christ. It will change your life. It will give it meaning. It will give it a purpose and it will give you a pathway.” –Tim Tebow
Sat the Rajah giving Sita a time card to clock.
3 Tb apricot jam, 1 Tb orange marmelade
But scientists and environmentalists dispute the value of replenishment. For example, Beth Millemann, director of the Coastal Alliance, an environmental group, described beach replenishment as ”throwing dollar bills in the water.”
sometimes playdate teaches you a thing or two.
I'm pretty sure, though, that most of you will use other items. I hope that some of them are children's books that portray American Indians in tribally specific ways (naming a specific tribal nation, and, providing accurate information about that tribe). I can recommend some wonderful books. They may be in your school library, or the local public library.
June 7th to 17th at Crows Nest Centre, 2 Ernest Place
Someday the opportunity to take a leap will present itself. Which brings me to one more favorite saying, an old Native American proverb:
Reflection: whole class discussion about what happened.Record your personal definition of pattern as it is now.
Over the years the Mali program has often received Volunteers evacuated from other regional trouble spots such as the Central African Republic and Guinea. It has never before had to order its own staff to pack up and go. As long as the nearly 200 PCVs remained in Mali’s towns and villages, I could entertain the notion that things hadn’t gotten that bad.
Edited to add that I inherited both a tan Coleman cooler with one unmarked bottle of homebrew, and a hula hoop after everyone left on Saturday. If you'd like to claim either, let me know!
It is January 1st and time to introduce a new Blogger of the Month!
Release Date : 6 December 1940
WHITEVILLE, TN 38075
"A New Year has this useful thing about it, whether it be Mohammedan, Hebrew, Julian, Gregorian, Chinese, or Choctaw. It makes man remember and regret his follies and his sins." I need to point out that it is a very different thing to regret our sins and to regret our follies. The rite for dealing with the former is much better established than that dealing with the latter. Sins can be forgiven; our follies are ever forgotten. Men with few sins can have many follies, while great sinners can be relatively free of follies. Yet, Belloc reminds us, both are to be acknowledged. This passage, indeed, reminds me of a line of Chesterton who said, if I recall it correctly, that "we can be sorry for our sins but not for spilling gravy on our ties in a fine restaurant." The latter is not a sin, but it is a folly. We do regret the bad figure we cut with gravy stains on our ties.
Is there are more gruesome description in the whole of gastronomy than non-specific “meat”? Even ignoring the horrors disguised by that blandishment, the meat and potato pie sandwich was a monstrosity. You bought a microwaved Holland’s pie, sprinkled Beef Monster Munch on top of it, drizzled it with brown sauce, and stuck the whole thing into an oven-bottom muffin. It was about 5 inches thick, and at least 3 inches of that was fat.
“It was great getting to choose every single piece that the viewers are going to see, and learning about what a complete museum exhibit should look like,” said Alex Viner, a junior at Brooklyn Tech. “And to see how Brooklyn evolved over time and to see that through these objects.”
Always sold out? I had to get one.
Thank you God for loving me.
So, I started shopping around for the components. Holy diminishing returns, Batman! We were up past $100 again.
Is it only me or has anyone noticed that this MV is a kinda have gay issue. I was so curious then I search the lyric translation, and then YES IT IS, it is gay.
Although it is in north eastern France, Alsace enjoys a very sunny climate that typically produces ripe, rich and very approachable wines while the varietal labeling makes them relatively straightforward to understand. It’s just that right now these are not the varietals that most consumers think they want to drink.
When a follow up was announced I was looking forward to causing more carnage and seeing even bigger buildings crumble via my fair hand.
America today seems a far cry from the stumps of the past. There are no more spontaneous traveling preachers, revival tent brim stoners, naked running Shakers, or barrel chested men projecting off the backs of trains. Now someone like Joel Olsteen speaks to 16,000 seats and 100 million viewers every Sunday (parishioners onsite can venture into the lobby Starbucks if they get sleepy). Now, we watch Hillary Clinton on television, debating whether her tears are in fact “sincere.” We listen to voices as they rise up, as they articulate and change, as they fade into a whimper. Most voices in our culture do not have the benefit of being destroyed. Neutered and stripped of relevance would be a better description – mostly on television, mostly in moments of high production and spectacle.
Working on a research sailboat gliding over the Pacific Ocean, oceanographer Giora Proskurowski noticed the water littered with confetti-size pieces of plastic debris, until the moment the wind picked up and most of the particles disappeared.
Oh, Williams, let’s clarify your position, since you surreptitiously tried to clarify your position--and failed:
1. The language (or word choice) is different.
3. When oil is hot, cook chicken breasts two at a time until they are golden brown and cooked through, about 3-5 minutes per side depending on thickness. Transfer chicken to paper-towel lined plate and repeat with remaining chicken, adding more oil if needed.
I want to spare a thought for all those whose situations have been published everywhere today because of their bad situation. I hope that people will be kind and sensitive to your needs as you recollect your shattered pieces.
Didn’t they do this to us last time, too? Giving us Charles and Diana’s wedding at the time of the Toxteth Riots? How charming that they think we’re such gormless buffoons that we’ll all fall for it. Trouble is, we will: cue endless colour supplements and programmes on the ‘People’s Prince’ with old drabs, panto queens, court correspondents, Simon Schama etc droning endlessly on.
I don’t know how accurate or scientific this whole process is, but I’d be lying if I said it wasn’t exciting to be compared to Charles Dickens. Though its impossible to pigeonhole artistic expression with statistics, I find “I Write Like” to be a nice distraction when I’m having a difficult writing day. Of course my goal as a writer is to have a distinct voice that is solely my own, but it’s nice to be “like” a famous author. It gives me a little hope that one day I will taste the sweet victory of publication.
Just when lungs might burst and heart explode, a crimson star on the sand, I stumble.
Even with that precaution, Pevan's landing was flat-footed and clumsy enough to make her hiss. She flexed her ankle and shot Jashi a rueful glance.
The city’s mayor Michael Bloomberg added that while he will tolerate the protest he won’t let Occupy take over the city.
This is one of our favs from this recent year- extra points to Mom for taking one for the team…. sideburns-wise:
So get those entries in and remember you have until Mar 28th to get it done! We are looking forward to seeing your creations this month!!!
A Daily Texan cartoon about the Trayvon Martin incident has provoked protests at the University of Texas at Austin. The word “colored” was used within the cartoon and protestors said it reflected racism and ignorance. The cartoonist is no longer with the paper and the editorial board has issued an official apology, as well as meeting with members of yesterday’s protest outside The Daily Texan’s office. Read more about it and a variety of reactions here.
Luckily, I was busy with work and school, so I didn't have a lot of time to sit and be sad about him being gone. And we had a dog. That dog loved Scott, but beside knowing where his food came from, he had little respect for me. Needless to say, that dog was like having an ill behaved child. He was spoiled. BUT, he was very smart. I would tell him, "Rex! I'm going to get Daddy because he's coming home!" His ears would perk up and he would wag his short, little tail. One many occasions, I would return home alone from the ship. I would then take Rex out for a walk and he would pull me over to the car and look in the window as if he was looking for his true Master. little ungrateful jerk. (I jest...maybe)
A hospital is to pay compensation to hundreds of women who were given the wrong treatment for incontinence.
PLEASE READ, AND EDUCATE YOURSELVES.
Amazon Sales Rank: #4198 in Health and Beauty
Shock meant nothing
KANO (AFP)
It’s not often that Wilmington, NC finds itself in the path of a major winter storm event. Maybe this happens once every decade.
The day was warm, and winds were prosy;
Since that first serial I’ve been lucky enough to have had twenty-one serials
Even in old age, you can remember old events, as there are associations with events. You can remember well in old age some passages that you read in schools and colleges. But, you find it difficult to remember in the evening a new passage you read in the morning. The reason is that the mind has lost its power of grasping ideas. The brain cells have degenerated.
John gives him a Queen’s Guard hat on Teddy, and says do your job, don’t say a word. And he is doing it well.
Do you see it? Hint: Have you ever watched a bird hatch, or closely examined the egg debris that fell out of a robin’s nest? Noticed how the baby breaks the egg into one large piece and one smaller piece? Sooo… if you have six pieces… then you have the remains of (6 divided by 2 equals…) 3 eggs. 6-4=what again? So.
Direct Speech
The Confederate army had crossed the Potomac River into Maryland from Sept. 4 through 6, 1862, at White's Ford, a few miles below the Monocacy River, and had moved on to Frederick with cavalry fanning out to camp as close as Hyattstown. The invasion would be stopped at the Battle of Antietam on Sept. 17, but Gen. George McClellan, in command of the Union Army of the Potomac, did not know that at the time. Fearing the invading rebel army was intent on attacking the nation’s capitol, he immediately sent troops north to defend the major roads and bridges that the enemy might use.
The lack of coherent narrative also raises questions as to why the author placed Tsar Alexander I at the center of his study. First, Schenk fails to make a convincing connection between Alexander and the radical religious ideas that emerged after the revolution and influenced the creation of the Holy Alliance. If Alexander was under the sway of this radical democratic Christianity, why did he allow Metternich to change the document and then sign it? Moreover, if for the author the Holy Alliance is crucial to the congress system, why is it also only examined in the first section? How does membership in the Holy Alliance affect the members’ political decisions concerning social unrest in Europe? This again relates to the lack of a coherent narrative by the author. Schenk spends a great deal of time explaining the religious ideas of the period and the creation of the Holy Alliance but fails to address these again until the epilogue in which they receive only brief attention. Overall, Schenk’s book appears to be a collection of essays that examine Europe during the congress system but ultimately fail to produce a coherent understanding of the period.
1 framed
Once we have all eaten our fill, and the boys are rolling in the wild mint to freshen up, I stroll down to sit with them and watch the sunset. Slowly, they each sit up, sniff the air, then coming to sit beside me.
He said ”Want to get out of here?”
All-in-all, it was a great weekend, and I feel more ready than ever to tackle the trails in Lawrence…not a bad way to spend the weekend!
Every time I have to fold a pair of my underwear I get more sad.
The drawing of the building was done one morning while I waited for the clinic to open. I usually get there 15 minutes before they open and I sit and have a coffee and get caught up on my internet reading (using instapaper on my ipod). This day I happened to have my Sketchbook Project 2012 sketchbook with me and decided to do a quick drawing while I waited. This was done in about 15 minutes, while sitting in my car, parked across from the door.
I can hardly wait until I roll that first loop and coax a brookie to take.
Beth: Miles 23-25.5, before the race even started I messed up my Runkeeper app by starting it early. So when I tried to start it again it counted 10 minutes of me standing waiting to start the race. Then somewhere along the lake the GPS decided I was further along than I really was. So this stretch I was missing mile marker signs, trying to decide where I might be in mileage based on my messed up app and losing my mind trying to do math. Ha There was one point I was like “surely I’m almost to mile 23″ and then I went “duh, you already passed that mile marker and SAW the mile marker!” Then in mile 25 I see Ted & Kimberly again! I half hear Ted giving me a motivating pep talk “…..Beth!! You finish this race you started….” Then I almost start hyperventilating because I was about to finish what I started!! I was so close! So I had to hold back my tears, but I loved that motivation at that point!
We didn’t use to keep chickens at all, I bartered raw milk for eggs, and let my neighbor have all the worries of chicken keeping, translocating my comfort level to her. So when we decided to start raising poultry to sell, we didn’t have to deal with “Grandpa’s chicken house” and all that entails. We could design our chicken business around what fit for us, and make the dwellings multi-purpose.
Think mobile before apps. While all kinds of characters roam the fringes of academia trying to sell apps, anyone of any expertise emphasized how important it is to develop a mobile site first. The advantages are many — it works on all platforms and one need not negotiate with an Apple or Droid store, and wait for the process to play out for months so your users can access updates. This Cappex survey of parents of prospective students adds more support, as 79 percent of respondents preferred a mobile-friendly site to an app. While apps developers emphasize shiny objects and one-trick ponies, the mobile site is the big tent where you welcome all your users.
14. The Horrors “Still Life”
Go with the Flow. Action in Harmony with the Tao and no action beyond that.
This is another of the non-fiction covers that I really like.
The only issue I had was the $3 bottle deposit! I understand the concept and would be fine with it, except we live in Ohio. I am not able to get back to NC to recover the cost and we recycle everything anyways! That extra cost pushed the price of the growler to $14 (for 4 pints). Either way it was a good beer and hope to be able to try a few more from Green Man in the future.
After removing the stencil, I just poured on the embossing powder as normal and heated with an embossing fan. If you do not have that you can hold it over the electric stove - works just as well.
We also have one other prize on offer that will go to one of our new followers this month, all you need do to be in with a chance of winning is sign up, simple as that.
And of course, the good people of Le Meridien KL treated us to the Favola Hi-Tea (available every Saturdays 12.00-3.00pm for RM88 per person) where we got to enjoy the spread of antipasti, meat, pizza, pasta and desserts!
These are three issues where I truly feel change is inevitable. We will have voluntary euthanasia, we will allow loving, committed couples who just happen to have similar sets of junk to adopt and raise kids, and we will, as god is my witness etc, have legal, safe, accessible abortion on demand in this damn country.
12-1- ‘The Zoo Story’- by Edward Albee (reading)
Happy Chinese New Year to everyone celebrating. Gong Xi Fa Cai!
As the years marched on and I moved into what I like to refer to as the post-college-freshman-phase of my life, I have been blissfully spared those horrible posters. I don’t mean to imply that my life is without schmaltzy sentimentality. The hollow sweet phrases are still there, usually sold for 2 or 3 dollars with color coordinated envelopes from Hallmark and other purveyors of prepackaged emotional kitsch.
To become a volunteer judge or coach visit The Chicago Debate Commission profile on One Good Deed Chicago’s website http://bit.ly/xp7g98.
A white beekeeping outfit, complete with netted veil and hood. A pair of bright red Coleman coolers next to silver sachets of tea. Well-thumbed copies of Euell Gibbons’ Stalking the Wild Asparagus and Rebecca Solnit’s Wanderlust. Grow lights shining on rows of tiny tomato seedlings; a table overflowing with spider plants; some multi-sided dice resting on a high shelf; and a half-moon bedroom doubling as a wood-fired sauna.
Kinks Crazy Sunday afternoon UK
Colossians 3:1-17
Appropriately, the runner who carried the flame into the stadium was a blonde white male. Leni Riefenstahl’s film Olympia (1936) – in which the master-race is represented by a succession of naked Aryan hulks – captures the moment, and then lingers to show the sun in silhouette behind the flame: a primeval pagan deity giving his blessing, it seems, to the reincarnated beasts of the pit assembled below.
“No, that was later,” I replied. “True, three years after my bicycle
When I moved to Pakistan and seeing how corrupt the government is, I realized how important it is to be aware of politics. Here in America I would say I am a Democrat. Every person regardless of age, sex, everyone has to be engaged in politics, it is our responsibility to use our rights and to fight for honesty, and equality. We have to raise our voice. We have to fight for the right path! As she speaks with great passion.
Here's another one: "You have to know someone in order to get published."
Distracted just a bit
Right, are we done now with oiks on trams shouting obscenities? Good. There are so many positive things about this country that just don’t get enough coverage in the press.
Dunedin always has something to do with learning, leaving and the test of arriving with little known, until you get past the glint in its eye.
All of the above
overlaid upon each other
I’ve spent a significant amount of time in both small business and big business environments. And the over riding conclusion I’ve come to is this:
A camel is quite different to a loud machine with 4 wheels (the quad bike), but it’s another experience not to be missed. Camels are big and smelly, but afterwards you’ll appreciate modern transportation a lot more.
Sure, why not? No theory is too bizarre for the king of conspiracies.
So instead, I'll share a cat story. I've mentioned before that Peno is our "good cat". All that really means is she's the least bad.
(Lil Rodeo Boy)
Genre: Biography
the singer who joined the social networking site earlier this year in July hit back at the newspaper tweeting: “I wouldn’t mind but what an ill informed load of crap it is SMH.. 3 words.. Don’t follow me *eggs* haha.”
Like most women, I'm always trying to shift a few pounds. Following my recent health problems and surgery, in January I made a decision to get back in shape and thought giving up alcohol for a few weeks was bound to help the waistline. Easy enough, yes?
Cauliflower, 1 cup
Sirocco
Jenni: Is there a secret to balancing a 9-5, a successful indie biz, being on the Etsy Dallas Leadership Team, oh and being a wife to a cutie hubs (more on him to follow)?
Start with a big star on top of your page. Inside that star write your goal or "winning outcome" as they call it. For me it is to lose 7 pounds. I know it's a strange number, but it will put me into the next bracket of tens. Which in turn brings me closer to my final goal.
Every day, I wake up from a text from him saying “Good Morning Sweetie” or “Morning Babe.” He texts me throughout the day, and I can’t help but smile every single time I read one of them. I’m not rushing anything. Heaven knows I am famous for jumping in with both feet without looking. But this time is different. Surprisingly enough, this is the most comfortable I have ever been in my own skin.
Here is the recipe that my mom adapted from The Amish Cookbook titled:
Albert Einstein once said: ”The foundation of morality should not be made dependent on myth nor tied to any authority lest doubt about the myth or about the legitimacy of the authority imperil the foundation of sound judgment and action.”* In other words we cannot use myths or illegitimate authorities as a benchmark upon which to base sound judgment or actions. Of course he was attempting to refute man’s reasoning for belief in God. Well, you know, I must agree with him, but for different reasons. Einstein was using the reasoning that belief in a “mythical” God is unsound judgment and if that is so the authority of this mythical God would be in question and therefore not to be trusted. I concur that belief in a mythical god is unsound judgment. Never, never, never put your faith in a “god” who has not proven his existence nor base your judgments on such a god. However, the God of the bible is NOT such a God.
Still they were happy to be on the move.
*feeling faint from supreme awesomeness* I so want to give these guys all my money so I can have this piece on my iPod. Because it's made of AWESOME. And last night, right before I went to bed, the last thing I saw was this blog post (again, courtesy of Cake Wrecks Jen) which leaves me with a strong urge to redo the guest room. I want color-changing lightsaber wall sconces! And the world's cutest Boba Fett lamp! Not to mention the AT-AT decals on the closet door...and the Han Solo quote! Ack!!! The wampa rug though, I think that's where I'd draw the line. My tauntaun sleeping bag is way less terror-inducing.
Jewish city of Jerusalem in 70 AD and you will experience what Josephus
Step #1 may seem boring and not exciting at all. You may wonder why I even bring it up, since it really doesn't seem it has anything to do with decorating! Its....DECLUTTERING!
Have a great 4th of July!
So, maybe it is time to recollect these memories into something concrete and try and create this dish for John and my Aussie friends.
The Pink Pig is a train. Her name is Priscilla. It comes every year to Macy's at Lenox Mall in Atlanta. She has been around for over 50 years. It is housed in a 170-foot, 1950 themed Pink Pig Tent. It debuted in 1953 as a children’s ride at the downtown Rich’s and had a brief stint at the Egleston Children’s Hospital Festival of Trees. The proceeds benefit Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta. To date, Macy’s has donated more than $400,000 to Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta.
Crafting is good for so many things… including stress relief. The Mumster ( aka my mom) was admitted to the hospital and we’re in the process of figuring out what’s going on.
Thank you to everyone who applied to join our Design Team, we had a very hard job deciding between you all and we wished we had more places.
Now using E51 cover the previous colour as in the face and bring out into the centre leaving a small area of white Picture 11 , the next step is difficult to see as the colour is so light, cover the whole area of hair with E50 blending all the colours together as you go Picture 12
H - Time takes a cigarette, puts it in your mouth...
Heavenly cloud sculptures.
That took 6 weeks to get sorted. Given I had photo evidence, can't they have sent a new one straight off when I sent the initial email? Why take over 4 weeks to even think about doing something about it?
Not very exciting as I just told you. The other two copies of Lingering Souls are kept in the sideboard for the matchups where you may end up needing it.
Next up we have פָּרָשַׁת חיי שרה (“Life of Sarah” portion), which pretty much closes out the interesting events of the life of the first patriarch, Abraham.
Obit by Sarah Hecht, Photo by Eric Ambel
We must also fight for the hearts and minds of Muslims. Jihad is at the core of Islam. It is the method through which militant Islam tries to rule the world. It is the rule, not the exception.
The family of Bob in More Deaths Than One certainly helped create him, especially since that was the basis of the story. He comes home from an 18-year sojourn in Southeast Asia to discover that the mother be buried before he left is dead again. He goes to her funeral and sees his brother, but they had never been close, so he doesn’t make contact. Bob also sees himself, but a doppelganger isn’t really family, so it doesn’t have any part of this discussion.
I don’t buy the argument for one minute that the creatives of today are less talented than their brethren from yesteryear.
The idea of widening Governor’s Road and a lack of short-term improvements for pedestrians, cyclists and transit in the draft master plan drew fire from Transportation for Livable Communities, which made a submission suggesting the plan did not deliver on its objectives or principles and argued the draft plan does more to accommodate cars than sustainable forms of transportation.
We have to hang on seven more days before my SSD payday and somewhere in between L will be paid for a review or two. If anyone cares to contribute any amount to get us through the weekend at least — two dollars alone will get my damn surgical tape — then, hey, that’s cool and appreciated. If not, well, that’s expected as well.
Short's Cup A Joe Coffee Creme Stout
Your responses are most welcome in the comment section below.
Do you remember some of the authors/book titles you read as a child?
Next, have them write a message to their mom (or other family member).
The simple answer is that I just want to be happy..
When Russell's Whig government collapsed after a falling out with Palmerston early in 1852, the Earl of Derby formed a generally undistinguished Conservative government with tacit support of the Peelites. Disraeli became leader of the Commons as Chancellor of the Exchequer. After a summer election, Disraeli presented a budget which lifted trade barriers but tried to compensate those who would lose from it. Gladstone effectively (although perhaps a bit tendentiously) savaged it, in the process demonstrating his deep command of the budget and bringing down the Conservative government. Lord Aberdeen was called upon to form a new Whig-Peelite coalition government with Gladstone at the Exchequer.
Ubaldo Jimenez (from Colorado) to the Indians: The number of people who actually thought that Cleveland was going to land Ubaldo can be counted on one hand. However, total props to the Indians for making a bold move that could win them their division. Jimenez has started to pitch much better as of late, and the Indians needed a big splash to stay in the AL Central race. They gave up some great pitching prospects (Drew Pomeranz and Alex White), but pitching prospects are so volatile that it was smart to give away a lot in order to get a pitcher who has already proven he can be an ace at the big league level. Now the Indians are hoping that Jimenez can revert to his form from the first half of last season.
~Logan
Whites will be hunted down, rounded up and openly shot in the streets, children and women would be raped and then massacred with the support of the Western Liberal Media dogs and whores who would film it and praise the ANC for their "revengeful" acts against whites South Africans.
The letter was likely triggered by the ramping up of Random's efforts to digitize its backlist, but possibly also by the fact that Open Road--which was then, like Rosetta Books before it, a startup--had signed agreements with the estate of Random author William Styron to issue e-versions of some of his print books. As in the Rosetta case, Open Road and Random eventually reached an agreement, with Random dropping its opposition to Open Road's publication of the Styron works.
Upon the first breath through my nose, I knew I was home. The smell was familiar and comfortable. The sun streamed through the sliding glass doors, across the carpet and onto the tall stools at the kitchen counter where we ate breakfast every morning.
Second, though veterinary professionals are in the business because they love animals, they also have a job to do, and the longer any procedure takes to accomplish the more stressful it is for the pet, the owners, and the staff. So, in the back, though your pet will be handled with respect and care, it may not be handled with the same loving kid gloves that you yourself use. If the situation calls for it, cats will be scruffed, dogs will be muzzled.
Rape Percentage - 50% (2 references in 4 issues)
And what follows is a lesson to cafe workers on how NOT to treat someone with a gluten intolerance:
The suggestion raises the prospect of prosecutions of British soldiers nearly 40 years after the demonstration in Londonderry that cost the lives of 14 marchers.
Yes, you read the title correctly, strep for Christmas. Me, Husband, now possibly Grandson and Youngest.
Spike we need these sequels quite frankly this generation has been deprived of intellectual film making. It’s seems black means to wear dresses and fat suits. it looks like the message from bamboozled didn’t get through. Not quite sure how this can be maybe you should re-release all your films in 3-D.
Chad: A wooo oOOo
Chikako headed to Auckland to see some friends for a week or two, and Sylvia would return the night before our departure. Preparation swung around me. It’d be another fortnight possibly month before we departed. Sails needed to be washed, new lines bought, charts photocopied. Photocopied? Why not buy new charts? How would a patchwork of black and white copied charts reflect the Pacific? Trust. How new did lines need to be? How strong? Ignorance. A dingy would suffice as life-raft. It was always best not to leave the boat unless there was no boat left. Luck. The dingy needed painting. Les also found a huge swathe of fishing nets he wanted us to fix before we left, to see if he could sell to some guy he knew. I spent a few happy afternoons on the beach knotting a practically nonexistant net back together. Knotting my certainty of this being the best thing I'd ever done more and more tightly to my thoughts.
Abenhaim L, Lert F. Methodological issues for the assessment of clusters of adverse pregnancy outcomes in the workplace: The case of video display terminal users. J Occup Med 1991; 33: 1091-1096.
I had also eaten Auntie J.'s food for three days. I needed to have my butt kicked, in a serious way. Chad did not disappoint. Even if, by the end of the session, I was kind of wishing he had.
So what I want to do in the workshop is to define what those so-called rules are and why they matter; to demonstrate what the consequences are of breaking them and stress that an author neeeds a good reason to do it ... and then provide the tools that will enable people to go ahead and do just that.
A great dinner with good company, a treat on a week that will be very busy.
Walk between two arbitrary points or around a block for the next 10 minutes – note what you discover on each circuit. Walk until the streets themselves are taking you for a walk.
Rotti is dying, too, and he’s got a nutbag family who likes to be vulgar, and there’s a guy called Grave Robber who pulls some chemical out of dead bodies to make a blue drug. To REPO’s credit, then, the narrative, like the musical numbers, doesn’t suffer from a lack of ambition.
Dr. Breaker is Chair of the Department of Molecular, Cellular and Developmental Biology at Yale University where he holds a Henry Ford II Professorship.
Conserve water by using the campground’s restroom and showers.
The opposite natures in Lady Hero and Griffin draw like magnets and the tension builds. There are more complications as Hero recognizes that Griffin is much more - better - than society paints him. However she also discovers that Griffin is engaged in gin distillery and Hero’s ducal brother is set on hanging all such offenders.
I seem to have dropped of the face of the blogging world. I didn’t intend to, but once I headed home I found myself running from friend to family, days filled with various lunches, dinners, and catch-up sessions. I only get home about three times a year so when I do I love to use every minute seeing my friends and family.
Christopher Marley sums up the thread of current design with this statement: "My chief objective in working with obscure organisms is to foster a deeper appreciation of the masterful design found everywhere in the natural world." Indigenous tribes are able to preserve their lands and ecosystems, through the collection and selling of their abundant insect populations. We think they are glorious!
To recap, in Scots Law, perjury is committed by a witness or party knowingly making false statements under oath in court proceedings. The matter has to be of relevance to the proceedings in which the allegedly perjured evidence is given, and requires to be material.
When we came back from our holiday at the end of march we made a decision. I wanted to re-start my home day care but I didn’t want to do it in our house because it is too small. With 6 children you just cannot leave your stuff everywhere like you would normally.
Healthy Hair Food No. 5: Poultry
Angela Rockett Ever since my studio was moved out of my home, just the act of entering my studio is enough to get me started. But to really get into the groove, I've got to have music playing, and each day seems to require a different type, from classical to international to pop. Yesterday it was the Peter Gabriel's soundtrack to the movie Rabbit-Proof Fence, today it was Depeche Mode. Go figure. Something with a strong beat usually works the best.
Margaret Fieland, Author– lives and writes in the suburbs west of Boston, MA with her partner and five dogs. She is one of the Poetic Muselings. Their poetry anthology, Lifelines http://tinyurl.com/LifelinesPoetry/ is available from Amazon.com Her book, “Relocated,” will be available from MuseItUp Publishing in July, 2012. The Angry Little Boy,” will be published by 4RV publishing in early 2013. You may visit her website, http://www.margaretfieland.com.
Level 1: MP Cost: 25, Duration: 30 seconds, Damage: +112%.
Officials say the program no longer accepting new patients, and public health authorities have concluded that there was no scientific value to it, At one point, 14 people were getting government pot. There are four left. The government has only continued to supply the marijuana “for compassionate reasons,” said the National Institute on Drug Abuse. Marijuana is getting a new look from states considering calls to repeal decades-old marijuana prohibition laws. There are 16 states with medical marijuana programs. In the three West Coast states, advocates are readying tax-and-sell or other legalization programs.
we had a few of those to discuss.
Trista, Herald of the Fel, 4, Alliance
We decided to eat in the Le Bistrot Pierre rather than the pub area (which offers dishes such as fish and chips, burgers and steak).
I am under and beneath and beyond.
Read it twenty years ago.
I smeared castoreum and muskrat musk in the moss, and the lures worked their magic.
Molly is now officially a pre schooler. On Tuesday she had her first morning at her new nursery which is attached to the school we then hope she will then go on to attend. I wrote a few weeks ago about her induction, that day itself was emotional enough, but dropping her off on Tuesday really broke my heart.
Even the rain that is required for fresh water that all land dwelling life requires to live is a compliment of our sun. The distance that we are from our sun provides the perfect temperature range for the liquid water from our oceans to evaporate into our atmosphere. When the evaporated water becomes plentiful in our atmosphere; its increased weight will have it will fall back down toward Earth as fresh water.
Hubby and I always try to let Mr. Sensitive know what is coming up next, and always try to stick to that plan. We never make idle threats or promises. There are no “maybes” in our world – you do or you don’t.
Hello and Namaste Everyone,
Of all the explorers from the early 20th century Shackleton is my favorite. He was heroic without being stupid. He brought all his men home alive from his mission to be the first to the south pole, which is a huge feat considering all the men who died trying to do the same thing. This film takes footage shot by the crew cinematographer and it shows us what life us like for the crew of the Endurance. It's some amazing footage. It's almost like being there alongside them as they make their quest.
Somewhere up ahead, dancing in and out of the seaweed...
Such a wonder you've become
Simplified synthesis from multiple sources: Managers/Administrators mediate between money and people who do the work: teachers, principles, all those who make education happen. When managers hold the power, Money always wins, money determines, money makes the rules, sets the agenda, ceases to be a means to serve education, but comes to define what education is, and is for… namely… in the end, it all comes down to one thing: to make more money.
Maile Rachel Hale, 26, Cambridge, Mass.
There isn’t a limit, but we’ve worked out the average pay-out for the 2011/12 cycle was £14,133.
History/Geography
But the end result of the Slippery slope is also impossible to predict in a linear fashion with any degree of accuracy, unless of course you have an army of lawyers, psychologists, psychiatrists, sociologists, and behavioral scientists all in relatively influential positions within state and federal government manipulating the next step on the slope, and all pushing the same propaganda out to a highly susceptible public that has been conditioned to rely on that “expert” opinion and forgo even minimal debate on the merits of the changes to be enacted.
I started with panic. Lots and lots of panic. I wasn’t equipped for this. I, frankly and selfishly, did not WANT to go GF/CF with L.’s diet. Not even for “just” six weeks. Not for a WEEK, for Pete’s sake.
Home buyers should follow the lead of their lender. The lender reviews all of the documents the borrower is required to give to provide and then will give the borrower loan program options. Some borrowers will have only one option.
farmers markets
I got a pedicure today… my toes are bright red… They feel sexy, a little naughty… they have special meaning to me… not telling that one… yet.
Although they offer salads and sandwiches, along with classic sweets such as cookies and muffins, they shine in the tart department. Being the height of autumn, ’tis the season for flavors such as apple and pumpkin, but other more imaginative options, like pear & almond, also reign baker Jerome Audureau’s menu. And, as evidence that everything’s better with chocolate, the chewy and dense banana & chocolate tart is a must-eat. Sized at five inches ($5.50), the tarts are perfectly portioned for self-indulgence. Unless, of course, you get two. Or three.
for all is kept within eternity. Timeless infinite peace, yet
I feel so joyful, I feel so happy
light usage. If you look at the pictures, you can see which one is more worn out.
Fun? Double check!!
life cycle is the why.
VIVIENNE: Sprite
Is there really nothing else to do?
My name is called out in the silence, even though the market is not silent at all. The world is polluted with noise but my heart remains dead to the world. The clanking of sestertius’ being exchanged in the market stalls clink to the beat of my thundering heart that is furiously pounding away. I recognize that voice.
Here is a card I made using the sketch for the current challenge. I took the sketch and flipped it around for my card.
Oil - 1 tsp + more for frying
Kenny West (REP) 3.39% 125
Which would mean I would have to maybe write some more poetry...yeah.
It has been two years that Addisyn has been living with her link. When she is tricked into breaking the rules by Sebastian, a gray winged angel, she witnesses his death at the hands of her Link. Discovering that she can still die, she is furious and demands to know what other secrets they are keeping from her. Who was the strange angel and what did he mean about who she was? Not allowed to tell her what she wants to know, her fellow angels just make her more determined.
Few countries have become world class without an excellent and efficient civil service to support the transformation. If we don’t elevate our civil service significantly to much higher standards, we are all going to be losers.
Science fiction is one of the best places to do that, because it escapes criticism since it’s categorized as “unrealistic,” “impossible,” and “fantastical.” Little do they know that science fiction is much more important than that, that its power lies in the ability to bypass our pre-constructed matrices of thought and tell us things about the world in which we live from a whole new perspective.
Baby bunnies running around the fields we pass on our way to school. We saw a pure white baby bunny on the side of the road (very much alive and scoffing grass) on our last drive home from Hastings! Never seen a white one in the wild before, I wondered if someone had released a house bunny and it had mated in the wild, who knows. Just love seeing the baby bunnies.
Atriplex is a plant genus of 100-200 species, known by the common names of saltbush and orache (or orach). The genus is quite variable and widely distributed. It includes many desert and seashore plants and halophytes, as well as plants of moist environments. The goosefoot subfamily (Chenopodioideae) of the Amaranthaceae, in which the genus Atriplex is placed in the APG II system, was formerly considered a distinct family (Chenopodiaceae).
There is no Mayoral election tomorrow but there is a referendum to decide if the Mayoral system in Doncaster should be scraped, Mayor Davies and the EDP are totally against this, even though it was one of the main pledges in Mr Davies’s election manifesto!
One of my favorite things about our library is their website. I can search through the library's book collection on-line, and reserve any of the books that catch my eye. Don't get me wrong, I love wandering up and down the isles of books, pulling out a random book here and there, but not when Emma is with me. She gets ansty, complains, asks, "When can we go to my section?" about 20 times a minute. So, I prefer to reserve my books on-line and have them waiting for me when I get there. Emma knows our first stop is to pick up our reserved books, then head to the kids section. At this point, I sit and look through the books to decide if I really want to take them home, while Emma searches for books that she would like.
Main entrance and statue of Queen Anne
I am challenging myself to find places to visit where I don't need a car. I want to intentionally find places to walk and ride a bike. When I owned my home, I would often walk to the grocery store, bank, library or post office. I am trying to fit that into my lifestyle now. Several years ago I did research on "walkable" communities. Now, I just have to find "walkable" communities that have nice RV parks.
Enter to be written as a character in my book, Great Hexpectations. I'll create your character using your name, description and personality (I'll send over a questionnaire, etc. to find out all about you!)
Eskenazi B, Bracken MB, Holford TR, Grady J. Exposure to organic solvents and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Am J Ind Med 1988; 14: 177-188.
05--(05:09)--- Good Morning
nonetheless raved about Obama’s oratory skills, intellect, and cool
We’d use (though my imagination lacks
5) We were going to tell you to not take this too seriously, but reconsidered it because we know full well that asking writers to write something means that they will take it seriously. So, take it seriously, but don't fret/panic/pass out/hyperventalate/lose sleep/run in fear over it.
Capt. Walter Hynes, 46, Belle Harbor, N.Y.
The tour then continued through the city through Christchurch, past St. Patrick’s Cathedral, past the Guinness brewery and storehouse and past the Museum of Modern Art, another place Sherri and I want to get back to visit. The tour then takes you past the Kilmainham Gaol (jail to you and I.) This Gaol was built in 1791 and it’s the place where many Irish freedom fighters met their fates. It’s also where some of the participants in the 1916 Easter Rising were taken for execution after they occupied the G.P.O.
There are limits, though.
At rally after rally Galloway hammered home the same message, how “Western imperialists” were killing “millions of Muslims.” With the big message of naked and ugly sectarianism came the small message of faith – he is in favour of the banning of alcohol. In point of fact that’s rather a relief, as the Respect wave is likely to break on the dry shores of Bradford!
I have to say, I love your second answer. It's so true about concise TV episodes and how as a society of watchers/readers we've grown the need for instant gratification.
TrueCar.com determined this statistic by using the top 10 wealthiest zip codes from IRS data in the U.S. and the most driven car makes and models in these locations. Mercedes-Benz is also the number one make in the nation that the wealthiest choose to drive.
A nude and cherry red polka dot French. That's what I wanted to show you guys today! I thought it was very retro and 60's looking, hence the post title :)
Another friend has been living across the country from her husband for a year. During that year, he took a mistress. When his wife found out/he told her (I don’t know how it went down), he told her that he didn’t love or like his wife and hadn’t for many years, but, again, didn’t want a divorce. He wanted his wife to move back across the country in order to save their marriage and was unclear as to whether or not he would be willing or able to break it off with the other woman. She recently moved back to him.
Isn’t this more of a “sorry it took so long” situation? This was so bloody obvious that it surprises me that it has taken till now. Maybe there were technical reasons why this could not be done, and as a consumer I do not appreciate the work involved. Maybe.
-If you have pledged before, you can take it again for competition
Click this link.
become a mother,
And while I sat in my backyard... just sitting... I had the biggest smile on my face. I'm so happy you guys. I love this job. I love the actual work, the people, the responsibility, the subpoena power, the places it will take me whenever (if ever) I'm ready to leave. But more than that, I love the schedule. I love getting to work at 8 and leaving at 4:30. I love that I pull in the driveway, kids in tow, at 5:00. I love that we can splash in the pool for 15 minutes before I remember to stick dinner in the oven and we're still eating by 6:00. I love dog-piling in Landon's bed, tickling and cuddling and singing and reading every single book requested because it's only 6:45 and we have time to waste. I love that when they're tucked in, the evening is mine. I love that I've never looked at my blackberry after hours. I knew this would be a good move for my family, but a reality without blackberries cannot really be understood until it is lived. We were happy and we were fine while I was at the firm, but in spite of the move and unpacking and the overwhelming number of acronyms and systems and names I've had to learn, the past three weeks have been some of the happiest, easiest, lightest days I've spent in a long while. I'm so glad we're here.
What do you think about Land's End new "terrain Mary Janes"?
He's a handsome fellow, but, for some reason, I have never named him. Maybe it's because he's so shy, that I can't get an idea of his personality. I've never been able to get a good picture of him, but, yesterday, I took some time, and went out to the patio, just to sit and watch. I had my camera with me, and I was very glad that I did, because, suddenly, I saw him crossing the lawn. I was hidden by some tall mums, and I don't think he saw me. He sat in the lawn, watching for a while, and I was able to get some good shots of him. Quite the handsome fellow, I think.
I also attended an Art Forum on Tuesday which discussed Financial Growth in the Arts. The panel shared how they receive an income and work as artists or in the arts field. Some did not want to explore working a side job and may have felt like it would be a compromise. In making that decision, they either had to make sacrifices when it came to enjoying certain pleasures of life or created a life around their artwork which paid for living expenses and other ventures. Other artists structure their lives by working for a company, building a family and creating art. I want to find that balance. Live comfortably, but still create. I think I can do this with a solid plan.
That sounds like one of those classic job interview questions, where I'd normally fish out words like dynamic, flexible and task orientated. But seeing as how it isn't, I'll say that I want to bring openness, humour, warmth and creativity. Not that they weren't here before, but it'll be my own special recipe.
I hope you will hope on over to the Creative Card Crew to see what the rest of the girls have whipped up to inspire you. I also hope you will play along; I'd love to see how you use Kraft!
BIRTHDAY PARTY – Prayers on Fire (1981)
Off days I was doing precor elliptical for 30-45 min plus my daily weight training
I went and much to my surprise, I really did have fun! I learned a lot and dare I say, I will go back! In fact, a girlfriend of mine and I signed up for a ladies only beginners gun class! I am looking forward to it for sure!
Meanwhile, I was helping another friend to compile a book about the recent history of Knoydart, a task that involved interviewing a few of the area’s longest-standing inhabitants. I was taken to some pretty far-flung spots and I heard some fascinating stories.
2. I prefer to be on the left side (when walking, sitting, standing…always). When someone/something is on my left side it feels like an imbalance to me.
SOURCE Automotive Aftermarket Industry Association
Hello Susannah
Is it delusional to think that God has a plan for me? Like something a great plan… almost narcissistic to think this no?
After she calmed down I gave her a rawhide to chew while I did a few things around the house. I don’t know if it was the anxiety or the bone or both, but Apollo came up to the x-pen barrier and she stared and then lunged at him. He ran away. She couldn’t have gotten to her because of the barrier but I wasn’t happy with that behavior at all since I think that’s what happened the other night because there was a rawhide on the floor in the bedroom when we had that incident the other night.
“MARRIED couples facing the heartbreak of splitting up are being urged to enter a controversial competition – to win a divorce. Husbands and wives who have decided to go their separate ways are being invited to enter the contest by one of the UK’s leading do-it-yourself divorce experts. Divorce Online has organised the competition to highlight that ending your marriage does not have to be an unpleasant experience and should not cost couples thousands of pounds in solicitors’ fees.” More….
When investigating this project initially I challenged Richard Moorman over the figures he produced in Enniskillen.. It probably didn’t go down too well with the audience who seemed more interested in giving him a ‘verbal’ kicking if you understand…
so what's the Rush I say to Myself slow down Old Girl...
S ♥
What is being our best us ? ...Well that is the Billion Dollar question.
REFLECTION:
I still wonder if anyone will want to read this grief book when it is published. It is so intensely personal. And painful. Yet people who have read my blog posts about grief have found some comfort in them, so perhaps this book will serve the same function. Even if no one is interested in reading my daily struggles to come to terms with the death of my mate of thirty-four years, the book is important to me. It’s a way of binding my grief into a neat bundle so I can get on with my life, though I have been told one never truly gets over such a loss. But we do survive, and that is ultimately what my book is about — surviving grief.
I pray he gets talked into doing more with his teeth. He really needs about $1400 to $2000 and he will be set for, most likely, the rest of his life. He has been quite reluctant, and I think for a number of reasons. Now he has to step in and the dental shop may work with him a bit more. I might be able to put some decent money on this, next month. I want to start building a reserve for the house and in general, and this is my first easy money month, so if he will just get them to give him a real new quote, I will have something to work with. Depending, I would be willing to put $400 up front and promise $600 to $800 in $200 a month payments. It would help him a great deal.
* Securely backup your contacts to mylookout.com
I am so glad because it was getting to a very stressful point for us. We was so sleepy all the time but needy and wouldn’y actually sleep then yesterday he went for a walk up to Waitrose with him walking hand-in-hand with Mum up the steep passage way to the shop. It was such a difference.
It was a hot afternoon and we started at 1.15, maybe not the best time to start a race. I started off at what I thought was a steady pace, but found myself near the front of the field. I checked my Garmin and I was under 10 minute mile pace, but not going daft, so I carried on. Apart from having to slow to sort out my iPod which had stuck on an album instead of shuffling through my running songs, I ran fairly steadily for the first couple of miles. I found it hard to drink and run, perhaps having got used to only drinking on my walk intervals, and drinking was very necessary in the heat. My stats show that my walk breaks were very short until the last mile when I was starting to get tired.
It was like a mature Middle Earth. It was where I first heard of anti-rape devices being vaginally implanted, which, when raped, would close sharp teeth onto the invading penis, cutting it off. That haunted me in 8th grade, hehehe.
The pope said that this would damage marriages.
Poor Me and Ted by Kate Joney
The very idea of my surly, badly punctuated, misanthropic ramblings acting as inspiration to anyone makes me smile, and that is in the middle of one of those weeks where it's been really hard to be happy about things. It's nice to know that some of you who read this blog do not think the writing is complete and utter toss because I do sometimes.
he would all the world receive,
Paper:: Cardstock and Pattern Paper - Autumn Leaves Manhattan collection
Web 2 tools being used along with institutional software, which is throwing up some innovative and exciting practice.
“Nope. I’m just trying to – “ The words “unload his merchandise” come to my mind, but that doesn’t seem right. Remembering my father’s advice that adults are always looking for ways of getting children out of the house, I improvise. “I’m saving to go to camp.”
I'd also like thank everyone that has purchased my Beach themed Math Pack! Your comments have been so sweet! If you don't have it already, check it out at my TpT Store as well!
It seems that the careerists at IPCC still think they can get away with flogging the dead horse of "extreme weather." More savvy alarmists, such as those in the American media, have decided that this will no longer do, and it's time to shift the terms of the debate.
The twin issues of immigration and foreign workers have perpetually hogged the headlines since last year, an indication of how it has become a “national obsession” of Singaporeans.
Time management. Two words I must apply to my life as classes continue to spiral into insanity. My mass communications class is absolutely killer- my roommate and I spazz out every night before we go to class. It’s like clock-work. If it’s any time between 5 and 6 p.m. on a Tuesday or Thursday, Stephanie and I are running around the apartment frantically trying to study for the quiz (we have one every single class) and proof read each other’s papers. My International Studies classes have been faring a little better. They’re intensive on reading but over all the content has been pretty interesting. I love how every debate in my Human Rights class can be settled by reading the Bible. My last class, Spanish, has been fun because I genuinely desire to speak the language. Hopefully on the next missions trip I can carry on a conversation without constantly needing a translator!
Grace finally has her new cardi. All those buttons in my stash and none to match it though. So I shall have t have a look in town next time I go.
The speech was given at Bagram Air Force Base, in front of a phony backdrop consisting of the machines of war, while our Brightest and Best were barred from the area.
“Seriously? Tina? Why didn’t you tell me you were talking to Tina behind my back? You knew I would find this on your phone bills. You gave me the password!” I asked him incredulously.
lit
This particular tree has two of these growths occurring along its trunk. With a little research, I learned that these are called “burls”, and Wikipedia describes them as follows:
The gangsta second from the right is the uber-cool (in his eyes, anyway!) Adonis Mensah. GURPS Tactical Shooting has a section called "Things Not To Do" and second on the list is "Gangsta Shooting" as demonstrated by Adonis here. GURPS disparagingly remarks, "gangsta shooting has become popular with people who don't know what they're doing but worry about how they look while doing it." Ouch! The problem is gunmen who adopt this stance cannot aim properly. Adonis is clearly a fool. Just look how he's clutching his crotch. Who's he trying to impress? Note that he is wearing a black bandana on his head.
7:25
"My heart is filled with gratitude
So anyway, my point is Rev is utter joy and Christmas Rev was everything I wanted it to be. Hooray. Happy Advent (and then Christmas) to everyone- must try not to use midnight mass as the religious equivalent of a kebab (I don't even like kebabs and I love carols).
Our Social Worker confided in me that just prior to having her first child she moved house and into a small village. She explained how difficult it can be to join established groups of mums and she made it her daily task to find a playdate each day. I took up this challenge when Katie came to join us and I still joke that I'm on a playdate mission. Katie had lived her life until that point in a very busy foster carers house. She was used to lots of children around and we were concerned that moving to a very quiet house with just the three of us would be an enormous culture shock for her. We knew that it was vital that we had lots of playdates.
It wasn’t only the regularly scheduled programs that produced much positive input; but literally hundreds of discussions over the tables engendered ideas for successful activities in the coming year.
I want to thank anyone that reads this - thank you. I know that prayer had a hand in getting me pregnant. And acupunture. I can't think of anything we did differently than that. Keep those prayers up that this is our take home in the cute outfit baby!
Visits to Cornbelly's
This is followed by Helen picking her attackers out of a lineup. The cop who helps her also informs Helen that they believe that the same gang killed everyone who had supposedly been murdered by Candyman. They hope that, with Helen's testimony, the Candyman killings will now be over and done with.
I am giving The Inbetweeners Movie a massive 7 Smurfs purely for the amount of laughs I got from the experience. Enjoy!
“Just a day” she said while she brushed my hair out of my eyes. “Your dad is flying in and will be here in an hour.”
Tracks 8, 9: Coleman Hawkins And His Sax Ensemble
Dr Telfer added: “The important thing is that if you can show you can get ovarian stem cells from human ovary you then have the potential to do more for fertility preservation.
If the sauce sounds like something you want to try, but you don’t want to make it yourself, come on in and you can put it on anything on our menu!
~Commenting weekly on Inky Impression Challenge entries (you will be assigned 2 numbers for every 10 entries).
The Tottenham Marshes gave us a variety of artworks to look at and also sleepy fisherman trying to catch dinner. With our stomach’s rumbling we stopped when we saw the ”Riverside Cafe’ sign hanging over the path. Resting on a picnic table next to the Lea River, we sat in the brilliant sunshine drinking our cups of tea and happily tucking into our food.
A few weeks ago, we tried their newest venture: flavor tripping with the miracle berry. It was a 6-course meal complete with pairings where the miracle berry was used to enhance or detract from certain flavor profiles. For instance, once you take the miracle berry, it tricks your taste buds into thinking you are tasting sweet instead of sour, or sweet instead of bitter. It also brings out umami flavors and rounds out dishes.
So while I could have been snuggled up with my DVR, I somehow went from this:
This is quite an amazing looking vehicle; judging from the rear markings, it appears to have been custom built by a military armored vehicle company. I know the TIV 1 is still out there in service; I've seen it this year while chasing. I haven't watched Storm Stories in a while, so I have no idea if this has been worked into the documentary yet, but if not, I suspect that it will. It's quite a strange sight. And as for roads, well...
And not only soft, they are cute! These are Mary Jane style, which I've never seen.
DW: And it’s only the G5 nations. Wow!
14:40 - Kamal Chouachi Prohibition through the hookah looking glass
Grade 1-3----------------August 18(Wednesday)
Logos Versus No Logos
This also got me to thinking that if I’d never had the stroke and developed dystonia, I might never have organized a fundraiser. Which means I might never have known my own capabilities.
The ageless moral of the story is that we often want to do wrong but don’t want to take responsibility for it, and when we try to cover it up, we only make matters worse.
to live, grow and be.
We had some takers
The clouds of blue roll by,
Among my skimming swallows;
But then people started to get sick. Some people broke out in horrible welts that covered their entire body, others always felt sick to their stomachs, some got dizzy easily or suffered excruciating headaches. Some people even died right after they ate their dinner or right after a healthful walk.
Nadia Ali, I am a fan, keep doing what you do!
And in this situation I lack a complete understanding of the words I fling (or post). And that was my point to Miro in my original comment on my thread that he refused (three times!) to post.
Mirror horizontal.
Rel jumped back, slapping at his smoking sleeve. Something very like light, but not quite, flashed as Taslin swiped aside falling fire, spraying it across the wall. Even burning to destruction, the Axtli - pitch, a fountain of pitch - made no sound, but the pitch hissed and spat as it flared out.
Think how many people knew of Yeardley Love’s murderer’s propensity for drunken violence. How many knew of his attacks on her, were aware that he was a binge drinker who mentally lost track of his actions. Even his teammates had talked about staging an intervention.
I can not express how humbled I am to be able to host a GIVEAWAY for WILTON. Yes. Wilton.
Speaking of pairings, let us not forget that the party was held at Ben Andersen’s house and that he and Dan Perrelli (who is with the Wine Hotel) are wine people. There were several sommeliers and wine buyers there from the finest places in LA.” Chris Lavin from XIV by Michael Mina (LA), Eric Railsback from RN74 in San Francisco, Sarah Clarke from Church & State Bistro (LA) Taylor Parsons, sommelier at Spago Beverly Hills. Chef-wise, we had Jordan Toft, who will be the head chef at The Eveleigh, soon to open in LA… and Chad from Mozza. Blogger-wise, we had Sarah Gim of Tastespotting and Delicious Life as the co-hostess and Brooke Burton of Foodwoolf . Alex Kakoyiannis was the incredible grill master of the evening, his experience with roasting whole beasts for family dinners won him the honor and boy, he was a champion.
Anthony Federico, 28, made the far more stupid gaffe of the two on Saturday night when he posted the following headline on ESPN’s mobile website: “Chink in the Armor: Jeremy Lin’s 9 Turnovers Cost Knicks in Streak-Snapping Loss to Hornets.” The headline was posted at 2:30 in the morning, and then removed slightly more than a half an hour later when someone (finally) realized that it may be construed as an offensive remark.
My daughter was born just before the disaster of 9/11, and my entire existence was knocked out of balance. I became politically motivated. I suddenly felt the true power of submission and femininity like never before. I began to feel the need to submit to my husband, who up until that point had acted like a teenager in a man’s body. My feminist upbringing taught me how to fill in the gaps for him and literally perform his duties when he would not. The more I acted like a real woman, the more he in turn behaved like a real man. I think we fell into very traditional roles when our children came and it made us mature very quickly as man and wife.
Geej: No! It's HORRIBLE!
I do an inordinate amount of my wine drinking by myself. In my kitchen. In my sweatpants. In my bed. In my bathtub, or hey, even the shower (I’ve mastered that, too). I can also easily polish off a bottle of champagne or Asti for dessert. There’s something to be said about a relaxing night of me time and a bottle of wine. Last weekend I had one such night and decided to make red wine braised short ribs, too, before a phone date with my best lady friend who lives in the far away land of Albany. What a nice romantic dinner. I even got fancy and used a cloth napkin on the sofa!
The plot is as ridiculous as you would expect but it does allow the two to do what they love best — that is, repeatedly beat each other up.
The comment box operators are standing by to take your call.
1) Snack food, or a potluck item.
Squire screwed up his face and peered straight at the neurologist.
I forget exactly where I read that perhaps the reasons why medieval (ie: Lord of the Rings, Game of Thrones) and ancient Roman (ie: Spartacus, Rome) dramas have appealed so much to the mass psyche these days is that these periods represent times in which which action, loyalties, and traditional family structures (though not contemporary sexual structures!) were relatively transparent, as opposed today, a period in which capitalism’s hall of mirrors makes it impossible to know what sort of actions have what consequences, what different social roles mean, etc.
My favorite: the alliteration of "Penis Privates Peeing."
Philippians 2:5-11 (KJV)
OMG Caitlin Flanagan you are too correct that is totally why teenage girls are fucked and freaky. Very observant. It's like the character in Wittgenstein's Mistress menstruating on every page. All I thought about as a girl was my new potential for childbearing.
The facial expression of women are much more important than her clothes.
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead,
When I make a taco pizza, I completely cook the crust before adding any toppings. I abhor melted cheese on my taco pizza, so that is always the very last ingredient I top the pizza with. Speaking of cheese, I prefer to buy organic cheese in chunks and then grate it myself. Once nice result of that is that even though I use the same dry measurement as I would with an already shredded cheese, I really end up using less cheese by weight since when I grate it myself, they are lighter, thinner shreds that tend to curl and aren't as tightly packed as the already shredded stuff.
Compassion and love are skin deep things
Place a Dutch oven over medium high heat until hot. Add oil and tilt pot to coat bottom. Add sausage and cook 5 minutes or until beginning to brown on edges, stirring frequently. Add chicken, pepper stir-fry, tomatoes, water, rice, Worcestershire and thyme. Increase heat to high, bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover tightly and simmer 25 minutes or
Last Saturday Peter Kent in a stinging commentary accused some Canadian charities of laundering foreign monies. Because laundering monies is a criminal offence, it is not surprising that many people in the charitable community were horrified and upset by such a charge. He also used the opportunity to offer a not so veiled threat to charitable groups who engaged in any political activity. Added to the statement was not one example of where monies were laundered or who had engaged in political activity, which left many groups expecting (rightly I would say) that the Harper government intends to systematically begin to go after any organization that is on their “enemy list I might add that particular list is growing by the day!
In third part of this work, Schenk devotes an entire chapter to examining the political, social, and military situations in Spain, Naples, and Greece and suggests that the revolutionary movements of these nations shortly after the Napoleonic Wars were suppressed by the European powers who aimed to maintain stability throughout the continent. Following an examination of these nations, Schenk recounts the events that he argues led to the dissolution of the Concert of Europe. These include France’s unilateral interference in 1823 to restore the Spanish monarchy, the competition between France, Spain, Great Britain, and the United States over trading rights and the revolutions in Latin American, and finally the competition between Britain and Russia in the Middle East. These great power competitions, argues Schenk, led to the disintegration of the Concert of Europe. In the epilogue, Schenk again returns to Tsar Alexander I and his ideas for a European alliance and seems to suggest that British interests, especially trading interests in the Middle East and Americans, were hostile to Alexander’s ideas and prevented the alliance system from working and that the constant competition between the powers demonstrate that Europe remained a secularized region that failed to embrace religion.
There is plenty of snow to be up close and personal with the northern california kayak to visit Southern California wedding stuns even the northern california floods where pastoral California weddings in Santa Cruz are cozy and elegant at the northern california floods, proposed a split of California at San Luis Obispo. The southern part of a lifetime.
He did a full lap
But those who are to the realm born? That’s different.
black card
Another satisfied client was an Italian-American real estate developer. “I thought the woman best suited for him would be a profound woman of color with strong values,” recalled McIlwrath. “Of course, he wasn’t thinking of anyone like that. But, on the very first date they talked for five hours and have been together ever since.”
I never really got into the spirit of writing down new year’s resolutions, because I find it so over-hyped. Yet, here I am, writing down my own. 2011 was, at best, just a ho-hum year for me, except for the parts when my sister got married (after 14 years), my nephew turned 4, and my niece turned 1. I have to say that the last months of the year (the -ber months) were more action-packed than the first months.
With this statement, the sages in the Forest of the Unblinking Eyes indicate boldly and directly that they want Suta Goswāmī to focus his narration upon Śrī Krishna as the son of Nanda and Yasoda, in the Sweet Forest (Vrindavana), especially on his very expert and tricky dealings with the young girls there. Indeed this topic will become the focal point and crown jewel of Suta Goswāmī’s presentation.
~One of the big parts of living into the changes has been learning to live all by myself. In some ways I don't mind it. I'm an introvert and after work sometimes all I want is some quiet time. But I've discovered that I really miss having kids at home with me. I was never a helicopter parent, never one to call my kids alot when they were away, and never expected to suffer from any sort of "empty nest" thing, but now that they are all out of the house, I really miss them.
MANNY: On fire.
He has had his opportunity. That opportunity has lasted for a hundred years in a splendid land which he found ready prepared for him. Yet to-day we find him with a Government which, save in the single point of force majeure, has degenerated into a farce; and as for the country itself, houses and plantations have disappeared, and where clearings once were there is now impenetrable forest. Certainly he has existed through one hundred years of internecine strife, but he has never for six consecutive months governed himself in any accepted sense of the word. Today, and as matters stand, he certainly cannot rule himself.
and gold in my body, near your body
- Only enter the bakerella website when you know you have enough time.
4. This summer I started a photo diary of the construction work at the new library site. It is one block from us and I can see the work in progress. That will be fun to show the different stages after the new library opens.
"We are all delighted with the results which help consolidate Cornwall's position as a leader in the UK drinks sector," added James Staughton, St. Austell Brewery's managing director and great-great grandson of the brewery's founder Walter Hicks.
Nowadays, if someone I knew was going to an interview I'd tell them to prepare, to think about the questions they might be asked, to imagine themselves in the role. Back then, the whole thing still bore no relation to reality. I don't think it even occurred to my parents, with their misplaced trust in my innate ability, that I might need some guidance or practice. It wasn't until the imposing lady with the stuck-up voice enquired haughtily of my entirely healthy, but distinctly adenoidal south London accent, "do you have a cold?" that I started to realise I might be out of my depth.
Two additional major events would change his life, and resurface his tragic life beginnings. Marko welcomed the birth of his daughter in 2007 and the death of his father, one month apart. Marko Hamlin longed to develop a relationship with his father, who cared for his half siblings, and had chosen not to father him. He had the opportunity to live with his father for a brief time as an adult, restore their relationship, and to totally forgive his fatherless ways.
There are quite a few remaining landhouses (Landhuis) throughout Curaçao – plantation houses from an era gone by. Some are in ruin, some have been converted to museums or resorts or restaurants. Last year we stopped by one that has a museum, but it was closed. Heather really wanted to check it out again…a perfect idea. It is called Landhuis Knip or Landhouse Kenepa. Here is the historical note on it:
Head Office 15
BLITZER: I’m Wolf Blitzer.
Okay, so I’ll admit it. Despite what my comment in the Beastie’s post says, I’ll agree that LDR’s suck. Kind’ve.
ice cold watermelon
Ok, this really has potential. But I have 6 free weeks to explore the world. So maybe this is an option for a week or two…stay tuned for more!
Gehry asked Decker, "How would you do it, ideally?"
Will never end
Change is the only constant.
I appreciate the cold, venal detachment by which the executives of OCP make business deals and oversee developments while corruption and corpses pile high around them. Daniel O'Herlihy's character of the OCP's Old Man is an especially effective "removed" character. He is so far from human equation and insulated in the comforting cocoon of profit charts and boardrooms that you'll never again think of O'Herlihy as Grig from The Last Starfighter after this.
Sponsored by Barclays, Economic and Social Research Council and National Council Graduate Entrepreneurship and launched in 2009, the fund has a call for applications each Spring.
Before leaving New York, Barack spent $2,000 on a blue Honda Civic that he would drive into the heartland to start his new life. He also took along the white cable-­knit sweater that Genevieve had given him for Christmas. It would comfort him in the cold Chicago winter.
c. An online ad, seen on the blog of ‘Archbishop Cranmer’, featured photos of couples on their wedding day on the first frame. The second frame stated “I do”. The third frame stated “70% of people* say keep marriage as it is ... (Source: ComRes poll for Catholic Voices)”. The final frame stated “Help us keep the true meaning of marriage. PLEASE SIGN THE PETITION Click here ... Coalition for Marriage”. The 'Issue' here is that 24 anonymous complainants, 'including the Jewish Gay & Lesbian Group' (doubtless disclosed to give weight to the allegations), challenged whether the claim '70% of people say keep marriage as it is'. However, His Grace is not required to respond to that point, since he did not conduct the research. But it transpires that 10 of these 24 complainants objected that the ads were ‘offensive’ and ‘homophobic’, and he is requested to respond to these allegations ‘under CAP Code (Edition 12) rules 3.1 and 3.3 (Misleading advertising), 3.7 (Substantiation) and 4.1 (Harm and offence)’.
For people who are marketing things, there are two ways to use Facebook -- the free way and the paid way.
This is a great Noah's Ark tale with a twist. When Noah calls for all the animals, the unicorns are no where to be found. Are they dilly-dallying? No. Instead they are busy with tasks such as saving a deer stuck in the mud or drying a butterfly's waterlogged wings. Everyone reaches the ark in time except the unicorns. They are left behind, but their kindness is not left unnoticed and they are rewarded in an unusual way.
content that Flora approves his worship
I stuck pretty much to the sketch for this one and just used basic layering with my papers. I coloured my image with copics and airbrushed the background (I'm slowly getting the hang of it). I made the lace flowers by running the thread through the lace to make small rosettes. Here are the list of supplies I used:
All three of these past presidents were radical politicians for the time, vastly different than their predecessors. They all posessed new approaches and fresh idea of how to shape the country, and all came to the office at a time of great turmoil and transition. They conveyed large amounts of charisma and were able to speak to the common man as a colleague. They also came from what is now referred to as flyover country (Illinois, Missouri, and Georgia). But their results were vastly different: one truly changed a nation for the better (albeit by fire), one was unpopular during most of his tenure, only years later being seen as a great president, and one was...well, let's say that Jimmy Carter wasn't much beloved for anything he ever did in office. And that's the dilemma of Obama: he could be anything from a presidential legend to a political disaster.
“I support this position and the protection this legislation can provide to homeless people as they start down the path to one day lead happy healthy lives,” said Davis.
A Quality Assurance Process for Online Course Design, Development, Maintenance, and Delivery
The media gives young men a hugely exaggerated view of the benefits a woman offers.This becomes an obstacle as he puts them on a pedestal and immediately loses their respect. These days women are too confused to know anything. The young man has to make the decisions but the women won’t let him. Heterosexuality has been subverted and natural development arrested.
1. Abed’s Uncontrollable Christmas: This might be the single best episode of television ever made. I won’t say more than that because, honestly, I just want as many people as possible to just see this episode for themselves.
Cover and cook on Low until the pork shreds easily with a fork, about 10 hours. Turn the meat after it has cooked for 5 hours. When the pork is tender, remove from slow cooker, and shred with two forks. Reserve the cooking liquid to add to the masa.
Something about her reaction made me fear the worst. I steeled myself. "If you want me to go, tell me to go and I'll go", I said.
And now will wonder...who you could've become.
Garters can fit your theme and/or colors, with prices all over the board.
Below a fertile valley spread, with barns and the orchards of summer,
The other girls leave except the head sister
Why didn’t I finish it? I’m sure, back when I was reading it, about nine years ago, I’d have come up with plenty of excuses: I had too much to read already, for class; I didn’t have time; I had lost interest.
Jesus, you see, wants his followers to be politically involved in jacking up all the people who don’t share their beliefs. Not the real Jesus, who never said a word about homosexuality, and stressed that his kingdom was not of this world, but the ignorant, hateful, bigoted Jesus who lives in the imaginations of Christian conservatives — the Jesus who thinks just like they do.
The second pair I call my Jesus-In-Me-Wear. When I slip on my Jesus-colored glasses and open my eyes, I suddenly see things differently. Oh, it’s all the same stuff, but just viewed through a different set of lenses; clean, unblemished, rose-tinted by His blood. Through those lenses, all the subtleties of His handiwork are revealed to me. I can see how He’s woven the threads of my life into intricate patterns and shapes – some already recognizable, others still being stitched into place. I can see how He has saved me from my own selfish pursuits, how He has prevented me from going in directions that I was so certain I needed to go, how He has provided for me in times when there was nothing that I could do to provide for myself. Every time I put on my Jesus-In-Me-Wear, I inevitably end up with a renewed spirit and a light heart.
How do you get from where you are to where you want to be in life? You set goals, you work hard to achieve those goals and eventually, you revel in the satisfaction of attaining the goals you have set out before yourself. There must be an enthusiasm for life, and the ability to work hard, then you too, will achieve the goals you have set for yourself.
I took the hint and arranged them more stably than before. (And yes, I need a new bookshelf, or a dozen.)
Inside it’s not the done thing to take photographs inside of a Meeting House (the dancing was ok, just not close ups of carvings and decorations as it’s a sacred place, so I content myself with the acceptable photographs of the outside which are ok, well at least as much as the persistent downpour permits.
1 backdoor
His ruling coalition has governed Malaysia for more than five decades but made a dismal showing against the opposition in 2008, and Najib is under pressure to improve on that.
“I can!” He murmured to himself. The lights dancing in the street below. Some festival was happening. He wondered if it was the summer or the winter one.
Round 2 of chemo started on Thursday and is going well. The best part is that we finally got out of the quad room on Saturday morning. Happy dance!
Thus, the command of Galatians 5:25 takes on added importance. “If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit.”
Or maybe you've seen my Dandini, darling?
let us remember that You are the true reason for Christmas.
Crop -There are two ways to use crop.
Well I was right about my last post. Thursday night or early Friday morning Evan tossed his cookies just the once leaving mom a fun surprise to find in the morning. At least this time he did it over the side of his bed so he did not sleep in it all night like he did once. I can't get him to come and tell us when he barfs in the middle of the night, he just rolls over and goes back to sleep.
He grabbed the .22-caliber pistol he kept next to his bed and went to investigate. He found two young brothers who had been secretly invited to party with an 18-year-old relative he had raised like a daughter and her younger friend. The young people were paired up in separate bedrooms. There was marijuana and sex.
So in terms of Equal Money – if you don’t “Get-It” Then good – That means you are “getting it” because based on the level of the current brainwashing of this world, it is likely that anyone that claims to know exactly what Equal Money Is, Bull-shitting – Which is how to tell the Deceivers apart from the ones who are actually interested in a Solution for this World – Deceivers will claim Equal Money won’t work as if they “Know” How Equal Money is going to work. Those that are really interested will go do the research within realizing that they are not yet Grasping what this Equal Money System is all about.
I live in a house with teen girls, so for the last few years I’ve been inundated with Taylor Swift. Swift has a rather clever tune entitled “Our Song”, where she describes what comprises the soundtrack of her romance. Their soundtrack isn’t a particular song, but it’s the slamming screen door when they run out for a date, or the way he laughs, or the whispered phone calls late at night. These things encapsulate their relationship.
My birthday was whilst I was away and of course that called for me to make a meringue :-) The children made me some lovely handmade gifts, Mr Sweetpea got me a diamond ring which was lovely (nothing too huge but perfect for my dainty fingers) and my sis got me a 'Keep calm and have a cupcake' sign and a lovely box to hold buttons or threads in. The lovely Bearsfootprints made me a wonderful Bee keyring, she machine embroidered it herself - it is adorable (I will post a piccy next time). I was also given some money from everyone else to spend at some point - my Mother-in-Law joked that I may have spent it by my next birthday :-) I think after years of saving and paying our mortgage I am not really sure how to spend properly any more.
The bus was across the street. We got ready to board.
09-The Acid Queen
I’ve been slowly learning how to network. I’ve been using Facebook, Twitter, and had a great time at a women’s writing conference.
I had the same issue with Tomas Alfredson’s new film version of Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy that I did with John Le Carre’s novel – it’s a meticulously plotted, densely realistic world without a single character I care a bit about. The movie may suffer more from this malady than the book does, as with a running time of just over two hours, some of the tertiary characters – even some of the secondary characters – get short shrift. If you can’t tell the prospective culprits apart, how invested can you get in the hunt for the mole?
Hyde Park Mini Mart
I was startled and decided to stop giving her advice. Looking back on the situation with perspective from years later, I now conclude that what Kathy (the evangelical feminist) wanted was, like Maria, a man who wouldn’t give her much shit. It was fine with her if she had to support Mel, as long as he let her wear the pants (so to speak) in the relationship.
Unemployment stands at 8.7 percent statewide,and 9.8 percent in the city; in Southern Tier counties,it averages 8.9 percent.
Go for it girl.
I am confused.
Cantor: yes I today I endorse Mitt Romney
My blog is ordinary and not popular, but it is about this one ordinary woman with many interests, gifts, talents, thoughts, beliefs, fears, desires, hopes, worries, activities, and duties, who has at times been a part of some very extraordinary things. If I separate the extraordinary from the ordinary, how can it really glorify God? How can I show people the gifts of the Spirit are real in the here and now if I do not use them or tell others about them? How can I help others to learn to listen to God if I keep silent about what my Lord has said to me? If I never report any of the signs and visions I have been given, who will believe God gave them and praise Him for answers to prayers?
Maximize your profit by checking out this show!
The goal became to not speak to her for a month time frame. We never went that long and it was very hard to accomplish on both our parts. I made it to two and a half weeks and I receive a text from her. I was sooooo upset that I knew it was about to be broken. Sure, I know there is such thing called discipline, I didn’t have to respond, but I did. It was something very simple and really no need for her to text me. My count had to start all over again. She was in my mind to the same capacity as before. I can’t wipe it clean. I can’t get rid of the thoughts and feelings. I am simply trying to become numb to them. I can’t do that with talking, even in the simplest manner.
imperfections my perfection.
So why is it that more and more publishers are relying less on the traditional author bookstore tour? Why are bookstore tours (with some exceptions) considered to be costly and ineffective? This is why:
I remember the sleek gold silk settee with dark wood accents that sat in our living room, a set of oversized oil paintings depicting bulls and matadors in mid-battle hung above it. Our entrance way had the very same dark grey slate flooring I'm considering for my own kitchen along with a huge wrought iron chandelier. These details are imprinted in my memory so apologies for not being able to share lots of images but trust me, the lady had taste way back when. Once the late 80's/early 90's hit, I remember her getting rid of things she felt were dated and at the time, they probably were so I wouldn't blame her for that. Still, I can't help feeling a bit sad that she let some truly beautiful pieces go in the name of ever-fickle interior fashion.
I am sure that doesn't include any of my readers but just in case here is a little bit of heaven;
As I understand it, congratulations go out to Peaches Geldof and musician Thomas Cohen on the birth of their child.
coming down
But there are challenges that we all face every day.
Last year, Apple took Proview to a Chinese court, claiming trademark infringement, but the court ruled the US company lacked "supporting facts and evidence" for its claim.
“Yes, I am off to Greece.”
Kathi Oram Peterson’s The Stone Traveler is a wonderful coming-of-age story that delivers a solid fantasy tale with beautifully-paced spiritual elements woven throughout. It’s written in first-person, through Tag’s and Sabirah’s distinctive voices. It took me a few chapters to catch the rhythm of the story, but from the middle to the end I was turning pages furiously, intrigued by unexpected plot twists and surprises at every turn. Her characterizations are distinct and endearing, and her ability to maintain their individual voices while allowing them to grow and develop, was executed masterfully.
The negative references to Nazareth in the Gospel of John suggest that ancient Jews did not connect the town’s name to prophecy. Ne·ṣer is not the common Hebrew word for “branch,” but one understood as a messianic title based on a passage in the Book of Isaiah:
My daughter had a tumor removed from her ear. My wife had a nasty stomach infection.
it will not be visible.
I sprayed using my copic ABS, stitched around the outside and added some text.
Subhadip Sircar and Suvashree Dey Choudhury – Reuters, 02/01/2012
Cute, huh? We think so. We think he’s quite the keeper! See that second to last photo? He’s been doing “happy baby” pose for the last week. LOVES it. My little yogi baby. Must have known that I did prenatal yoga!
There are two things I’m learning about saying yes - “Yes you may”, “yes - but only” or “yes and”
“Thank you, I’ll be ready.” Ohobilah sent him out with a small nod of her head and he responded with a deep, respectful bow, closing the door behind him. “It’s a good thing I’m already dressed,” she sighed, picking a hair off her skirt. Behind her, the queen could feel her servant pinning the last strand of hair up.
Line Up:
Because they know that constitutional change isn't esoteric – The constitution is the bedrock on which economic, social and ethical issues stand.
theatre Saturday
In the same bowl (as to reduce the amount of dirty dishes!) Heat the heavy cream until warm to the touch, but not boiling. (Or again, use a pot and transfer to the bowl.) Add in chocolate chips and stir. At first it'll look like milk chocolate. Keep stirring, suddenly it'll get darker and glossy looking. Add vanilla.
Now all that leaves is some cake baking on Sunday for the afternoon tea planned at the in-laws.
Conservatism is opposed to progressivism as it has a respect for our past and traditions and believes that by studying history we are equipped to deal with present crises by applying the lessons of history: how our forebears solved similar situations in the past. It uses practical reasoning not rationalistic thinking; concrete words rather than abstractions and favours the particular over the universal, though it uses substantial universals to describe concrete objects like White men and Whitewomen. Progressives remove the substance from words, we keep it.
A. No advice politically.
The new measure won't provide much relief but if it stops or even delays them worsening even a little they are most welcome.
Actor – Golden Girls, Meatout cosponsor
In conjunction with Sonu Nigam’s latest US concert tour Explosion 2009, the content-to-commerce partnership enables Cinsay to bring access to exclusive performance, rehearsal and behind-the-scenes video footage, music videos and branded consumer products, including new clothing and merchandise line, to fans in the US and elsewhere.
Foreign Secretary William Hague has indicated he is backing Rupert Murdoch in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal.
* That you will think about using your real name for this, although pseudonyms can be given if necessary
Hi everybody. I made this very cool masculine golf card with great papers that was CAS with no white! Then I stamped my images and flipped. They were brand new and since January, I've been having a problem with my images picking up ink where it shouldn't be picking up so I have a manufacturer's defect on my hands. That is creative frustration! After I made this card, I didn't have time to start all over again but might add another card later this week to try to redeem myself for this one. Please overlook the blahs, which seem to be the entire card, down to fussy cutting out the golf bag. Let's look on the positive, there's great DP and I used Soft Stone for my neutral. If everything worked out the right way, this would have been a very cool masculine card :)
vintage Chico's velvet robe-ebay
Green Peas – 1/4 cup
1 joke
if you would like more help. Happy to do so!
He doesn’t listen to me
In Reading, Berks, I decided to lay the ghosts of the ill-fated bloggers' Christmas lunch of 2007 to rest in more ways than one and took my bereaved Aunt Flossie to lunch at the London Street Brasserie in Reading, where we had a delightful meal overlooking the river that runs through the Oracle (one of the best designed shopping & leisure centres in England I might venture).
With my mystery of Michael and Maria Dowd Downes and the disappearance of them and the six daughters has gotten interesting. I found them in the 1900 Iowa census living in Sioux City, but just the parents and the chilling thing was that it was listed as parents of six and zero children living. Michael and Maria were about fifteen years apart in age and the Iowa couple fits age wise. Thanks to my cousin to point this couple out.
Officers will be allowed to wear their present Uniform till the 1st of June 1796.
Wow, I'm getting chatty lately, eh?
"We would like to talk to the youngest male adult in the household.
Bogeying the 11th - Rory didn’t panic and was able to keep his head and find some form on the remaining holes.
The Sound Of Drums
wonderful offer that I have designed for you.
Burt Prelutsky—6/21/10
tribe is something fragile. Something which some far distant business man in a suit sitting in an air-conditioned office has declared to be of ethnological interest, anthropologically endangered, linguistically moribund, or simply primitive. Something which may not endure another generation, if great care isn’t taken to preserve its present nature. Why these things need preserving, I’m not quite sure. It’s like when city-dwelling folk see a tribesman using a cell-phone and think how terrible it is that Western culture is polluting the simple ways of the native peoples.
Well, christmas and new year is over. Back to normal.
Sprawling but concise, ambitious but accessible, We're All Dying to Live is a sunburst tapestry of light and color that serves as both an excellent dance record and the perfect salve for a broken heart. The sense of discovery is profound: melodies both familiar and instantly memorable, drawn from a clear lineage of post-Mangum grandeur, sweep into anthemic choruses consisting of simple but resonant pop mantras: remember what we've been given; we won't leave it all in our heads; we are not dead. The cumulative effect evokes nothing less than the quaking, shuddering majesty of a sunrise seen from orbit, filtered through a lens of half-remembered childhood dreams and multiplied by the sweet agony of your first lost love. Rich Aucoin is precisely the unifying force that this generation needs; at long last, the dance floor shaman we've all been waiting for.
So here I go. A devilfish is the first step. I don’t usually like movable parts in my models, but damnit this thing is just beautiful. The parts you see here, minus the gun droids and the tank commanders, will be painted separately. I’ll do the interior, and yes, I will leave the hatch, rear door, front machine gun and engines movable. Don’t know why. Maybe cause I can, and I want to point them in different directions during my games. They are that gorgeous. Let’s see if I can come up with a nice color scheme based on the already painted Drans.
Interview shoots are very unforgiving. This is a situation in which you must get everything right first time and make the job flow smoothly and comfortably for everyone involved. Interviews will quickly fall apart if things start going wrong or taking a long time. Therefore competent operators should be able to organise and shoot interviews in their sleep. It is a skill which must be second nature, so you should be well practiced in this art before you attempt a “mission-critical” interview.
The most important message is what it doesn't tell us. It doesn't tell us whether the person who died consented when the lethal dose was administered.
I can quite rightly call the Pineapple the King of fruits, because it is the most beautiful, and the best of all those which are on earth. It is no doubt for this reason that the King of Kings has placed a cron on its head, as an essential mark of its royalty; then at the fall of the father, it produces a young King who succeeds him in all his admirable qualities.
Unthinkably good things can happen, even late in the game; it's such a surprise.
The ideologues who want a $15 / hour minimum wage would actually speed up the process of automation of low skill jobs. It would actually hurt their constituents the hardest, because they are most likely to have the sort of skills that can be replaced by a machine, a software program or some other innovation.
Many of City’s fans were incensed by the awarding of Manchester United’s penalty against QPR last weekend and they had another reason to be disappointed with the officials after Tevez was booked for diving. Television replays showed that Ryan Bennett made substantial contact inside the box.
In any case, fingers crossed, this latest surgery will alleviate the suffering this sadly maimed lady endures every hour or every day.
I am also not sure if that will get me a 'great career.' Or even a good career. I am sure of my feeling fulfilled in my pursuit of doing what I want to do.
Noah fell short of his goal last year to send a family friend with cancer, her husband and daughter to Disneyland. The friend’s mother died before the family could make the trip.
Here’s April compared with the 5 prior months:
9. Pain relief without drugs or surgery.
His wiki page is a fascinating insight into a life in Labour. I don't know who wrote it, but I suspect old scores are being settled in a quiet little corner of the internet. I was unaware, for example, that David Clark MP was forced to apologise to the commons after meeting with Bosnian war criminal Radovan
Siem Reap is like going to Disneyland. It's a town purely built around tourism. Sorry if it's a newsflash for those planning trips to Angkor Wat, but going there is not seeing the real Cambodia. It's like a dream being there. I'm not saying I look down on it or anything, because let's be real, after being at site with ramen noodles being the closest thing to western food that you eat for two months, I worship Siem Reap. The best western food I've had in all of Cambodia? Hands down in Siem Reap. It was rough calculating how much we spent just on food this weekend. All the money we've been saving by eating cheap Khmer food is suddenly gone, and has most likely appeared on my waistline.
The pragmatic philosopher celebrated what makes us most human. Dewey encouraged every American student to explore his literal and figurative neighborhood, “just local, just human, just where we live.” Indeed, the original name for pragmatism, as coined in 1898 by Dewey’s faithful correspondent and friend, William James, was “practicalism.”
Google doesn’t have all your answers in life but it is great for getting a general reading of things. I dare you to run a query with your candidates name and the word ‘principled’ and see what pops up. Better yet, search your candidates name with ‘freedom, peace, and prosperity’ and see what comes up. Or even better yet, search their name with ‘liberty‘.
for a small party or get together and need some ideas in
This doesn't do what a query letter must do: entice me to read on.
At an early age, van Beethoven, took an interest in music and his father taught him day and night, on returning to the house from music practice or the tavern. Without a doubt, the child was gifted and his father Johann, envisaged creating a new Mozart, a child prodigy.
Forget Beverly Hills, it’s more likely to be Butlin’s. If you want the reality, then look at the pay packet of a chef in the UK. A lowly commis chef gets about £13,000, whereas an experienced sous chef trousers as much as £28,000 a year - about the average salary in the trade.
Fact-asy.
#3 – Showing God
I believe that the real reason behind their secrecy is their own fear against humanity.
There are wild cards which could blow this theory sky high and create what I hate to say would be the “super bull” an unstoppable frenzy to loftier levels…
1/2 tsp. ginger
At least Isabel Allende’s Zorro is a bonafide novel, though I doubt any board members made it through all 400 pages. They just needed to skim her bio in the back, the part about her being born in Peru and growing up in Chile. Never mind that Zorro is a flagrantly pro-Democracy melting pot tale. Allende’s hero is part Indian, part blueblood Spanish, with a Jewish fencing mentor, and Gypsies and Caribbean pirates to fill in the gaps. The novel shouts: MULTICULTURALISM IS GOOD!
Though the Common Core booklets say that the items on the list are only meant to serve as "useful guideposts in helping educators select texts of similar complexity, quality, and range" for your own classroom, I know many of you will use the items on the lists. With the Common Core bearing down on you like a freight train, some of you will find it easier to teach the items on the list. Some of you are very busy, working far harder than most Americans realize. As a former elementary school teacher, I know how hard teaching can be.
• Heat Mats. This purchase requires a bit more of your investment dollars, but I feel it's highly worth the price. A heat mat is a flat rubber coated pad that goes under your warm season seeds to help create an ideal temperature for germinating. You can purchase a temperature controller for it as well, but for the most part, I have found it really isn't necessary as I have had much success without one. However, if your room is a bit warmer, you may need to invest in one since the heat mats typically raise the temperature 10-20 degrees above ambient room temperature. You don't want to cook your seedlings!
No, that'd be too crazy and disturbing.
In the end, I came to the conclusion that I have three groups:
Physically, I need to schedule exercise better. I have my one yoga day but I also need to do cardio one day and weights one day. I’ve stopped drinking milk, not because I’m allergic but because as a Blood Type A I’m not supposed to drink cow milk. I’m supposed to drink goat milk, soy milk, almond milk or rice milk. I know I’m not getting enough calcium this way because my bones ache a lot, especially my hips and pelvis. I have to get that fixed.
37. Mrs. Dalloway said she would buy the flowers herself. —Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway (1925)
Lindsey, Jordan and I had a wonderful morning at the temple. And we took lots of pictures!
…. a warm kiss from a stranger
Aspartic acid, also known as aspartate, acts as a neurotransmitter in your brain by facilitating the transmission of information from neuron to neuron. Too much aspartate in your brain kills certain neurons by allowing the influx of too much calcium into the cells. This influx triggers excessive amounts of free radicals, which kill the cells. The neural cell damage that can be caused by excessive aspartate is why they are referred to as “excitotoxins.” They “excite” or stimulate the neural cells to death.
Pixies Velouria US
Many of you remember my Dining room Decor post and how I was getting my dream rustic table custom made from my Table Maker Man. Well guess what, it’s finished! I actually received it about 3 weeks ago. It’s so prettty. It’s also so lonely because it doesn’t have any chairs yet. Momma’s working on it though!
"Self-love is the only weight-loss aid that really works in the long run." - Jenny Craig
The connection between the place of prayer and Marie Stopes International has caused distress for many people including members of the Catholic community.
The receivership has yet to be published in Iris Oifigiuil. The press today reports that the company is “disappointed” with NAMA’s decision and that it had hoped to trade through the current difficulties. NAMA is reported to have said the receivership move was “a last resort”.
Band of Brides demands that the Icelandic public be alert and regain their innocence! Band of Brides is aware that that there is no saviour in waiting! Band of Brides is aware that the emperor is naked! Band of Brides is aware that those who only do what they know spend their life treading the same path! Band of Brides demands the disallowance of import taxes on pink lipstick!
This week, being Easter, I thought it fitting to focus on inspirational and valued Easter Messages.
4. Erykah Badu “Window Seat”
Kill team would essentially allow you to build a 200 point “army” drawing from troops, elites, fast, or heavy where each model acts as their own unit on the table- giving most armies around 10-20 models to command in total. Played on a smaller board with some very densely packed terrain the action is going to be fast and furious.
So what is Accessories grils really all about? The following report includes some fascinating information about Accessories grils--info you can use, not just the old stuff they used to tell you.
ocean from Sara's deck.
Daniélou had been regarded, until then, as one of the greatest modern theologians, the circumstances of his death led to him and his theology being discredited. His insistence on a return to sources both of the Fathers and of the Vatican Council had already led to his being distanced from the Jesuits.
Aroma - The aroma of the Frambozen is very raspberry forward. With a good sniff you can get the nutty/toasty malt aroma normally associated with a brown ale.
78. The past is a foreign country; they do things differently there. —L. P. Hartley, The Go-Between (1953)
As a member of the Greek community at the University of Missouri, I pride myself on contributing to campus life and society through philanthropic events with sisters I have grown to love and respect. From the day I accepted a bid card, I became part of a larger group than myself, and quickly learned that the way I choose to represent myself also reflects the way I choose to represent my sorority.
At a recent campaign speech Biden stated: “I promise you, the President has a big stick. I promise you,” or in this case a big clip.
Hey, there! So sorry this is so stinking late! It has been a crazy week, and it's only Tuesday...whew! But the winner of my "I'm So Lucky" Blog Hop Grand Prize Candy is
Thank you SO much for taking the time to come by today.
whispered the usual comforts
autumn evening
Why do we put so much trust into a book that was pieced together hundreds of years ago? Its been translated a countless amount of times. Who made the decisions about what to leave out and what to include?
Elena Perminova, after Stella McCartney, Paris, March 2012.
The papers are from my stash and I have coloured the images with copics. The charm is from The Secret Garden on Da Wanda and the button is from Blooming Felt.
The larger issue to address here is future accountability. Although former players like McMahon and the nearly 200 others who are participating in the lawsuit against the NFL have the right to demand accountability for the lack of action in the past, the more important concern is who will be responsible for prevention in the future. It certainly will not be the fans. Fans of the league champion the cause of concussion prevention in the offseason, but when September arrives, we all fall into the same trap, leaping up from the couch for every bone-crushing, brain-shaking hit. Of this, I’m as guilty as everyone else, so I certainly can’t suggest any sort of fan boycott. It’s so easy for fans to forget about destructive hits minutes after it has happened, but for the players involved, the effects can linger for days, if not much longer. As I said, the NFL and its owners have taken some initiative to improve matters, including changing rules and imposing fines and suspensions. But, altering the foundation of the game too much could prove disastrous for one of the most powerful and influential brands in the world.
Thanks for checking it out!
He "has contact with" many large publishing and production companies.
You are and were the perfect son for us.
“Now, check all your mirrors, Son.”
Of course, if that is what he is arguing, it doesn’t make much sense for him to focus on the prayer issue. If he was dismissed on those grounds, then that may be indirect discrimination, but it would not be a whistleblowing case.
Forbidden Places
Stupid sister on the other hand, said the product is okay because she did not expect a lot from it when she bought it so, the disappointment level is quite low. I wasn't disappointed too but I didn't get it as well. LOLX!
On Sunday I was signed up to run the BAA 5K and decided to try my old Brooks and see how my feet felt. I ended up running with an old friend and we took a very casual pace. Afterwards my feet felt fine. It was only 3.1 miles but I was convinced to go with the old Brooks Adrenaline.
Chef Marcel explained that he wanted to bring the egg back to the nest at the end of the meal, and that's where the concept came from. Love the thought process that went into creating this - and it wasn't just a cool concept - it was amazing in taste as well, with a perfect contrast of smooth, liquid gold center offset by stringey, crunchy fried shell. So good.
The thing is, I hate exercise.
Split the bunny up in moveable bits, like back legs, front paws, etc .
Thank you to everyone who has posted a review on iTunes! We have moved to the top of search engines because of all the buzz and positive responses. More reviews alwasy help too so please stop by the iTunes page and continue to share the music with others! Here are some more great reviews:
As I prepare for life after Corporate America, I am trying to leave my team at work with a few foundational principles to serve as guides for the work that they will do in my absence. I'm a big believer in guiding principles in the workplace; they are an absolute key to staying aligned with the required tasks no matter how strongly others may try to sway and distract you. The right guiding principles can be the difference between success and failure of any project or organization. It is critical to operate upon some foundation in order to build and grow.
It was written just over 50 years ago, and therefore feels somewhat dated. The segregation laws described no longer exist – thank goodness – and people are more enlightened. However, there is no doubt that racism still exists, and this is one man’s account of his personal experience of it. It may not teach us anything we didn’t already know, but it is certainly interesting and disturbing reading.
the blue-collar lawns of those with signs
Once almost all the rice logs start to float on the top, add the coconut milk, cardamom powder and saffron, mix well. Switch off the flame once the mixture starts to boil once.
- "Do we need patents for computer programs? Where is the evidence for it?"
My friends in Virginia say that they have had snow already. Here, in the high desert of California, it is getting chilly at night. I imagine that in Australia it is getting warmer.
Belly Button in or out? flat as a pancake
There may, however, be good reason for this peekaboo appearance. Patricia Shull is the wife of Robert Shull, an Osoyoos-based promoter who has achieved considerable notoriety for his penny stock exploits.
The summer sun fell through the sky as Finnley and Jen kept the conversation going. Grayson and I said little. It was almost too much to do more than sit there, relishing his hold, his squeezes, his kisses on my forehead, my cheek, even my lips right in front of Jen and Finnley.
Flowers and lace: Wild Orchid Crafts
Ok, enough... I will get on with it. Annie made all the stuff for Parker's birthday and it all was awesome.
The Shelter of His Arms is an emotional read that will touch your heart. I felt for Lani and the choices she has made and the aftermath of those choices. I liked Chrispin and how was so tender with Lani. A wonderful novelette that was just the pick me up I needed! Another exceptional read from J. Adams.
Were such a program actually to be implemented, it is fairly clear that the Netherlands would have heartily adopted Option 1, supplemented with Option 2. What this means is that one of the European countries worst afflicted by the cancer of Islam is already at a point where the debate on what would constitute a genuinely effective response to Islam is moving into the political mainstream, pushed by a political party whose popularity is fast increasing and likely to increase a good deal more. Indeed, it is not inconceivable that within the next few years the Netherlands could be attempting to implement at least some elements of the first de-Islamization program in modern European history.
I don't like the idea that we have to be OVER sensitive to other races and cultures; that actually leads to opposite stereotyping and misconceptions. But general race issues aren't what I'm addressing. I am addressing how we view other people from other races as different, when we really are the same. Our cultures may lead to subtle differences to large ones (say, if a white man marries and traditional Hindi woman), yet those aren't where issues actually come from. The idea that we simple CAN'T date other races because they are too different is the problem.
In the evening I toured the school we'll be moving in to next year. The space if significantly smaller and the building doesn't have an amazing East River view anymore. On the plus side, I'll have a 0.3 mile commute to work if I stay in the same apartment.
I'm always surprised when someone asks for my "applesauce recipe". Really, there's nothing to making applesauce, it's just smooshed apples! Yet I am biased because I admit that my applesauce tastes very different than everyone else's. I really can't stand storebought applesauce; I only get it when I need something non-perishable for a trip or a recipe calls for it as an ingredient.
Adapted from a Leo Tolstoy’s novel, L’ARGENT is the last film written and directed by legendary French director Robert Bresson. A provocative meditation on the consequences of violence on a man’s life, this socially engaged crime drama presents crime as a dramatic consequence of the ineluctability of class violence.
carefree mind of a child
Some administrative law judges have come under scrutiny in recent years for appearing to be too lenient.
We left Marzoni's at about 11:15 and drove to State College. We arrived at Otto's Pub & Brewery at 12:15 and started with a round of drinks and lunch. The Bourbon Barrel Aged Jolly Roger was still on cask, but unfortunately the Double D IPA was off tap for a few hours. After a terrific lunch, we got a tour of the brewing operations. Charlie was off premises today at a fly fishing tournament, so Nick was happy to step in for all of the questions from the students.
. . . The Poster King at the Estorick Collection in Islington – I hadn't heard of it either! The way I found out about this exhibition is a long story, I'll tell you a brief version, one day earlier this year, I received an email which wasn't meant for me but I recognised the name of the sender – it was a gentleman, with a very distinctive name, whom I'd interviewed for my final year art history project at art college! I decided to let him know his email had gone astray and after exchanging further emails, I admitted that I had regretted my choice of subject for the project and wished I'd continued my 2nd year studies about the work of Edward McKnight Kauffer. A month or so passed and I received another email from him, telling me that there was a major exhibition of McKnight Kauffer's work in London this autumn and he hoped I'd be able to go along to see it!
Karin
Ta ta for now
Ukrainian Beef and Beet Borscht; Potato Pirozhki
The biggest message here is to look to your own community and become involved in supporting issues that have a direct relationship to your daily life. You really can’t fix anything out there in the world without looking to self and your immediate environment first. That is where your bids for power and commitments to those bids will have the greatest impact.
I have a question to ask my partner tomorrow and I’m just dreading the answer. the question is- do YOU like having me for a roommate? (not do you love me, not do you enjoy my being your husband, but do you enjoy having me as a roommate?)…I’m quite certain the answer is a big, fat, NO…which is heartbreaking and has left me feeling like someone has just kicked my insides out.
Griffin Mountain
Rugby – Jason Robinson
One thing I’ve noticed from a lot of the mail is that SR and OOO have started to bleed together in many people’s minds. For example, Meillassoux is sometimes being referred to as an “object-oriented philosopher,” which isn’t true. So, for those who are new to this part of the blogosphere, here is a renewed summary of what the different terms mean.
What a way to break this baby in!
Unfortunately for them, Chris isn't the shutting up quietly type, he began letting people know, even got me off my Twitter-duff, and gazillions of others, causing the #FreeChrisLoesch hashtag to trend worldwide several times (a big thing in the Twitter-verse). The Twitter people realized what had happened, that their automated spammer algorithims were being turned into Brown Shirts by the proregressives, and reinstated him... and had to do so several times to overcome their repeated attacks and get the issue resolved.
I just love the ambition that this girl shows. Not to mention, her stamps are adorable. I wanted to help promote her talent, so if you are a stamper, go on over the The Pink Elephant and check out this new line of stamps by an awfully talented little girl. She probably doesn't want to be called little but....
Carry On, Jeeves, et al. – Wodehouse
Bill: For sure. For me yeah. Hundred percent…I can say hundred percent yeah. I would love to…
Commander, US Pacific Command (’07-’09)
Whether or not the development agreement was released, abstracts of the development leases released in September indicated that the developer would have 25 years to build the project.
The novel's real strength, however, was Gill James's interesting take on the future. I can't place my finger on what felt new, but I enjoyed it, and I wish we could have spent more time exploring instead of developing emotionally. The book got better as it went on, and I'd certainly pick up book two in the series.
PS: Best of luck with that smaller-than-average penis!
Here in London, we used to have a collection of free newspapers that were handed out every evening by strange looking people whose sole aim, apart from handing you free papers, was to get in your way as you tried to get home from work, and thus made you so angry that you wanted to roll up two copies of said newspapers and then insert them slowly into their eye sockets due to the fact that they had made you missed your train for the umpteenth time.
Sherri generously offered to give away an eBook copy of her book, To Dance Once More!! Open Internationally!!
As soon as she was free Chase trotted off along the fence line to do her business, so I was standing on the path, waiting to pick up. ‘Cause you know… I’m responsible.
Whoa, can you believe the changes going on here? Melissa has been playing around with my layout, don't forget a new layout and NAME are on the way for my blog!
After that the centre became a big Bloodbowl match, goblins going down easily, but dwarves falling here and there and hurting a lot more. For reinforcements I only rolled 2s and 3s, so there were between 4 and 6 new spearmen every turn!
Vyst moved, in his underground chamber, for the first time since a hundred years.
Anyone have any cute kid stories to share? Moments of laughter? How about humiliation? Today is share day, so speak up!
I’ve had a few days to collect my thoughts – it has been so unbelievably wet I haven’t been spending as much time out in the garden as I’d have wished. But the good news is, the pond is almost half full, so I’m hoping newts will be returning there soon. Of course one of the big problems, when writing about Time Team so long before transmission, is to be informative – even interesting – yet not let the cat out of the bag. Nobody wants to watch a film when they know how it ends – although that said, I must have enjoyed watching Match of the Day hundreds of times, even though I’d just heard the results on the radio. So why’s that? Sometimes, and I think Time Team is a case in point, I suspect it isn’t so much what was scored, or discovered, as how these things happened. And this brings me to a general thought.
Today we gave the very first ever 3rd grade STAAR test. (The extra A is for Avocado!) Today's test was the Math test, so I was pretty understandably stressed and worried about how it would go. One of the few changes that teachers actually KNEW of was that children would NOT be allowed to have all day to take it (4 hour time limit for most). We also had heard that it would be much more rigorous (read, ridiculously harder) than the old TAKS, but since nobody had ever actually seen any true STAAR questions, we didn't really know what to expect.
I think this can mean different things for different publishers. It can sometimes apply to the style of writing, or genre and that what you’ve written is not fitting with what that publisher is currently publishing or looking for. It might even mean that your seven book arc doesn’t fit with the list because they are already supporting a lot of series.
I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel: Which is not another; but there be some that trouble you, and would pervert the gospel of Christ. But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed. As we said before, so say I now again, If any man preach any other gospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed. For do I now persuade men, or God? or do I seek to please men? for if I yet pleased men, I should not be the servant of Christ.
on this night
Iceberg tip
I was inspired by Brian & Co's Beer Advent Calendar and decided I might do my own version of it only with a lot more drinking and a lot less writing. My version will consist of drinking a different bomber or 750ml out of my bar every day this month.
*) Sell land at discount prices for building mosques or other Islamic institutions (Dudley!!).
The studio photos of the car in side profile show off the amount of rake the car is designed to run. This is also a carry over from 2011, as the car could often be seen with a clear 10cm of ride height at the rear axle line. Although managing rake will be harder this year as the greater rear height introduces more leakage into the diffuser from the sides. As yet the teams solution to seal the diffuser are hidden by a simple floor fitted to the launch, although these are removable panels and more complex designs will soon be seen.
Jay M Pasachoff, an astronomer at Williams College, Massachusetts, expects the transit to confirm his team’s theory about the phenomenon called “the black-drop effect”, a strange, dark band linking Venus’s silhouette with the sky outside the Sun that appears for about a minute starting just as Venus first enters the solar disk.
God bless you, Jan. We love you.
Although I’ve had pomegranate juice and pomegranate-flavored foods, I’ve never had an actual pomegranate in my house before, mainly because I’m not a fan of pomegranate seeds. I’m not exactly sure what I’ll do with this sucker, but it might be destined for my juicer.
Her challenge this week is to use either red or blue, or both, but you do not have to create a patriotic card. Our sponsor this week is Whimsy Haven. You can see the other design team members' cards on our home blog page and read more about our sponsor this week.
I know realize that I'll be 50 in no time at all, and I will regret that I did not wear more skirts in my 30s and 40s. If I could save one regret down the road, let this be the one.
I’ve loved the written word since I was a little girl and used to make books out of paper and staples. My imagination has always worked overtime, creating people and worlds in my mind. Recently, I found a paper I wrote in second grade stating that I wanted to be a famous author when I grew up. I honestly can’t remember a time when I didn’t love to read and write.
Alvaro A: Would you be open to an interview?
This deal making though has helped damn the current health care reform bills in the eyes of many independent voters.
Everything happens for a reason.
-michelle branch
I would have thought it self-evident that the goal of all sheep farmers would be to raise fat sheep. This is probably why I am an Innkeeper – the sheep business is clearly too intricate for me.
So I usually don’t use this blog as a place to write personal stuff or talk about pop culture, but this has been bothering me so much that I m going to put in on the intertubes and let it go.
1 Plastik - Fads and fables
Michaela
With Borders closing last year and many Barnes and Noble stores shuttering their doors, it seems the big box bookstores are hurtling down the same trail blazed by the brontosaurus, the home phone, and the blue chip NCAA basketball player who graduated from school (i.e. extinction). Maybe instead of trying to cater their book emporiums to the mass audiences, they should have kept in geared towards the endearing and lovable nerds who gladly read on a Saturday night. Say what you will about these noble creatures, they are undeniably loyal to their core beliefs, be it reading, Star Wars, or Tecmo Super Bowl. They won’t desert their passions for the latest trend or blog obsession. They are foundation upon which the economic salvation of the future rests.
Here are some different styles.
The set broke the Topps record for the most subsets
Like the hypocrite that I am, I have been known to point a moralistic finger at certain smokers, such as at women who smoke while pregnant, or at adults holding children while a lit cigarette dangles precariously from their lips.
of a Saturn V
-1 box sifted confectioner's sugar
If you are a little more budget conscious, I do recommend the Bellhaven.
3. Will you go out with me?………. to McDonald’s? +
Finally, an investigation of this monstrous crime against nature and humanity must be carried out by committees of workers in the oil industry, working with scientists and engineers accountable to the working class. We call on the International Trade Union Conference, the AFL-CIO, and the United Steelworkers (now home to the former Oil, Chemical, and Atomic Workers Union) to form an independent, international workers' commission of inquiry into this totally preventable disaster. We would want them to interview everyone who ever worked on this project, and every living victim of the explosion and its results, and to gather information not only on the immediate environmental and economic effects of the disaster, but also on the long term health effects to cleanup workers and Gulf residents, and other indirect consequences.
Saturday - the kids sort their laundry, and I sort mine and my husbands.
And bring your family! This is one of the best family-oriented beer events around, and your young children will be excited to see real goats right up close (and probably laugh out loud at the inevitable caprine antics that ensue). The crowd is very mellow, and stupid behavior is not only rare, it's usually taken care of by the other attendees; as it should be.
Time to do something different!
I kept this very flat, as this friend is like I... and prefers her books to be in good order, no bumps in the pages thanks!!!
Not leaving the program, not planning on doing it again. Just had to see for myself.
And every hand-free minute counts, let me tell you. This guy loves to nurse.
“This is a chunk of land that is right in the heart of the state’s capital and certainly the state is going to have say in what happens when that land completely leaves the state’s jurisdiction,” said Fletcher.
Copics: V20, C3
In the following, St. Francis de Sales and Padre Quadrupani put temptations into perspective.
oatmeal cookies
One of the things I loved about being there was not only eating the food, but the fact that Italians celebrate, and I mean genuinely celebrate, their food! While I was over there I happened upon two festivals! An oil and cheese festival in Florence and a chocolate festival in Bologna.
As you leave, watch your step! Dump runs happen daily. And all of this just from the front two rooms. Needless to say, in our downtime, we live upstairs and at the back of the house. You know… at the day spa.
Raquelle: Out of all or your famous uncles, who were you the most close to and why?
After I registered for the food bank, I was taken to a back room to be interviewed about my employment status, my income, my bills each month, how many were in my family, and whether I was a Christian. I said no, I am a Quaker. Thank heavens, the Pastor Woman thought I was joking and laughed. I told my daughter later that had I known I would be asked about my relationship with BBJ in order to be allowed to receive food, I would have worn saffron robes and danced the Krishna for Pastor Woman when she got to that part of the process. (No offense to any religious group, belief or creed intended.)
And let's get this party started. Go! And have a wonderful weekend.
The Defector? — Which side is he on?
I was even able to have my picture taken with her Marlboro Man, aka, Ladd Drummond! It was so sweet that he was there the whole time to support her, meet with people AND sign her book as well.
Love how glossy it turned out. Lets not talk about how many coats of Modge Podge went on that! Love that Graphic 45 paper and the that copper color I sprayed my pan! I attached the tart pan to the stand with Industrial Strength E600 and was very happy with the results!
I would want to give some to my church; however, I am not sure how much. I would probably want to help out some of my family members but I am not sure how much.
The naive Romeo and the young Juliet exploded off the pages, overcoming the hatred and bitterness between their Montague and Capulet families with their sincere and genuine adoration for each other. Shakespeare showcased the ultimate power of love in this tragedy. The sacrifices and challenges that the protagonists suffered for their betrothed made their devotion to each other all the stronger.
I still have vivid memories of all the school cafeterias I ever ate in as a child, particularly middle and high school. It was kind of like the stock exchange of the self-worth economy. Social orders and classes being laid out along such clear and distinct lines. It always made the first day of school so stressful. Filled with questions like, “Do any of my cool friends have this lunch period or am I gonna have to sit with my awkward friends from band?” I can still remember where my group sat and where certain other groups sat. I remember times when I left one group to join another that was “higher” on the social ladder, even though I enjoyed the company of my other friends better. I remember doing and saying things that I knew were cruel or petty in order to maintain or advance my standing in the social stratosphere. I remember hurting others. I remember being hurt.
Financial management is a crucial factor to succeed in any business enterprise. The CEO, or a Managing Director of an organization or the proprietor of any private small enterprise should be knowledgeable about finances, considering that cash flow and profits are the lifeblood of any business. Here are tips from Ruth Stuettgen of Focus on Balance on how to manage your business finances.
…and I can understand how there could be, at the very least, simmering anger and frustration for at least the last 60 years. Gee, I was born in Quebec and the French still reel at the British victory of 1759…
You love school
For the summer's second batch of saison I changed the late additions to just Saaz (an ounce each at 15 minutes and knockout). The blend of Saaz, Hallertau, and S. Goldings produces a nice flavor but I wanted to see if I could get away with something simpler. This one attenuated to 1.001 in a reasonable amount of time, so no over-carbonation problem. I'm not sure this one is quite ready yet as it has a raw yeasty smell that I've found with bottles that have not undergone enough conditioning time. There is a nice saison there, but I will have to show some patience for it to shine.
I am happy(I think) to say she now has the performing bug and can't wait to do it all again in 2012 and is asking to do more dance styles!!!
Because I’ve finished one project, I’m allowed to cast on for another one. And I did. (What? You seriously think I should be finishing some of my ufos???)
I wish I would have taken more photo of the food.. oh.. there was yummy stuff! Soups and Appetizers. Chili, Sausage Kale soup, Potato soup, Clam Chowder ect... and more Appetizers and goodies that you can imagine. We are just working on getting it all put out in this photo.
And so might any day begin for the students of magical Lucinda Greenlee.
TM: If you think an effective politician is a ‘moral’ person, well, I know a great guy who can act as a trusted third party if you need to transfer a supercap!
Did my one-year-old just tell the bishop that he didn't want a prophylactic!?
The book also talks about how people have selective memories. We remember what we want to or what has affected us more. Two people who had been in relationship have a complete different recollection of it. When they meet after a long gap this difference in recollection creates a very awkward situation for both. Ignorance is either due to people forgetting about their memories or it can be due to people wanting to forget about it. Author has handled the concept very beautifully and brings about the pain of leaving the homeland and eventual return or the thought of return. Of course, author has used human relationships which influence us all the time.
My Prediction – Sadly I think that tool John Cena wins. The WWE simply does not let their golden boy lose in the big match. I have seen a lot of people say that The Rock will shake Cena’s hand after he is defeated and I pray that isn’t true. To show Cena respect after a year of talking about how much he dislikes him just isn’t logical.
This is the Imperial Bar. It’s not much to look at from the outside, though there is some interesting stained glass and the carved wooden frontage appears to date from the 1930s. More interesting is that there appears to have been a drinking shop on this site continuously for at least 150 years.
I prefer dark meat (as did the writer of the article I read where I got the recipe), but traditionally this is made with a whole chicken. It's supposed to be served cold, and when sitting in the fridge, a nice wine-flavored aspic will develop. This is normal and desired. It's yummy!
“P.I.M.P. (Remix)” – 50 Cent, Snoop Dogg, and Tony Yayo
Cardigan: McGregor (vintage)
Yes High School was a difficult time. So much was happening as the war in Vietnam was winding down and the social movements were still in full swing. Only problem was the drug scene was making its way through teenagers at a faster rate than women’s liberation. What’s a boy to do? Luckily for me I did find a few friends. First there was Yury (Zhivago) and Alexis (Zorba) and that English guy named Copperfield and I moved on to Lord Jim and of course my favorite (Heart of Darkness). I do remember many lazy afternoons when I was once again not doing my homework. Instead I would stretch out on my bed and read The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings while listening to Crosby Stills Nash and Young (4 Way Street) over and over and over again. Of course reading J.R.R. Tolkien ruined my singing voice as I tried to get the dwarf tunes down pat.
Serve to any lecherous man within five-inch heel walking distance.
I am so excited to have you hopping with us!!!
The Official SCOAN
We had an option of joining the normal membership. Or the "upgraded" membership which means we get ONE towel per visit. One towel?? What is this? I had a roommate that used to steal the towels from NYSC to clean our apartment! Equinox was a towel party (a eucalyptus smelling towel party I might add). I didn't realize thin, rough towels were such a commodity here. We opted to not pay the extra 200 euros a year for a towel.
And did I mention my hearing?
From Pier 84 at precisely 10:33:56, I witnessed those puffs of smoke, evidence that the great race had begun.
I like seeing the different outfits Jessica puts together at What I Wore; Betty is amazing at Le Blog De Betty; Rockstar Diaries for clothes and lifestyle; Style Me Pretty (even though it's wedding-centric, the ideas are transferable to other events-so pretty and creative); and of course the vintage finds at Brileeo are inspiring!
I'm also still working on my certification to be an aerobics instructor. 3 more weeks of class, a weekend of tests and certifications, and then 4 weeks of team teaching. Seems like a lot, but there's a lot more involved than I realized when I decided to do it. I have a much deeper respect for all those instructors now!!
Pacific Gas and Electric Completes Senior Notes Offerings Of $200 Million 25
I decided in light of today being Top 10 I would list 10 of the things that I learned this year. This is not to say I only learned these 10 things. I also learned a pile more.
It sucks.
The thing is, it's almost guaranteed to be nominated for an Oscar. I hate that. It's stopped being about recognizing steps forward in film. Actually, my disenchanted mind now wonders if it was ever about that.
As you start reading in Genesis 17 you will read about a woman who heard from God Himself that she was going to have a child. And she laughed. She thought it was absurd that she would have a child well past her child bearing years. Instead of waiting for God to give her a child she took matters into her own hands. She had one of her maid servants sleep with her husband and become pregnant. Her maid servant (Hagar) had a son named Ishmael. Sarah was never happy about the results of her husband having a child with her maid servant. And there was always a conflict between Issac (the child that Sarah and Abraham would have) and Ishmael. A conflict that still carries on to this very day.
OK, taking a deep breath now. I only have one more rant before I leave you to visit Page 99 and make up your own minds: To quote my favourite songwriter, Morrissey: ‘America is not the world.’ Many of the more scathing criticisms I read were caused by simple British/American/Elsewhere differences. One reviewer went mental over the use of single quotation marks. Doesn’t she know that in some quarters this is actually the norm? Another railed against the use of the word ‘gaol’. Well, hello! If a site for writers invites international users, make allowances for different preferences and spellings, OK? (I read not one single British complaint about the spelling of ‘color’ or the use of ‘alternately’ to mean ‘alternatively’. )
This is the true question. The Mayan calendar ends on December 21st 2012 – but why are so many people afraid of this date? What is the big deal?
But there’s no escaping it all is there?
EMMA’S STORY UNFOLDS
4. the undermining of schools and teachers' authority
Have fun – and never give up…
As I mentioned at the beginning, Jaspers’ joints are non too good, I do blame myself for this, but in all honesty, I wouldn’t have done things any different, even if I’d known the outcome.
8. Her Computer (Yes she has her own, it is an old junker from our uncle)
Favorite flower: Gerbera. You can’t help but smile when you see one.
9. As we were driving home, I started to cry. It came up and spilled out so powerfully that I had to pull the car over, turn it off, and just let everything come: Not having a father of my own to ask if he had to deal with anything similar; almost dipping into self-hatred because of my skin color; cursing so many men that came before me for fucking it up for my generation; every nigger I have been and would be called; how my daughter’s hair is different than her parent’s and how people point out this difference as if my kid had won the lotto. All this was trapped in my crying. I saw my daughter through the rearview mirror and she looked so sad and scared that I had to hold her. I pulled over, got her out of her car seat, and we sat on the hood of the car, holding each other. I cried into her hair and she, feeling daddy’s energy, cried into my chest. We were there for a little while when this old woman hobbled by and smiled at us. “You have such a beautiful daughter,” this woman said. “She has your eyes.”
I am in touch with many people with disabilities on a more casual, informal, friendly basis.
This love has continued till date and even now I grab a couple when I but it for Lil Angel who says it is her most favorite biscuit in the whole world!I don't fight with her for the biscuits like I used to with my cousin. When I crave for these biscuits, I simply go and buy a pack and eat a few and save the rest for the Lil one :)
Now it seems to me
Women – will screw up anything for men.
“I’ve always been interested in films. From an early age, I was in Elstree Youth Theatre. I started working on film sets as an extra and became a runner. I want to create films people want to see. Partly for the money but a lot of it for the creative side. I think I can tell a good story.
BG57: This goes with last year's new color, BG53. These are not as bright as the BG40's but more vibrant than BG70's family.
Well over a billion quid, totally, utterly wasted. A perfect example of how the last Government gaily pissed our money up every fucking wall in sight, and how the money was just so plentiful, so easy to get a slice of, that the lucky recipients didn't even fucking bother to track where it went.
With this said, I reaffirm my Buckeye spirit and faith in our team to (literally) take it to the limits. We will continue to have The Best Damn Band In The Land, and we will continue to be the most ballin’ second place state that has ever existed. So to all you non-Ohioans, get ready…
-Deficiency of vitamin D causes decrease in calcium present in organism which in turn may cause rachitism in children and osteo-malacia in adult women; it also causes pain spasm and weakness of the legs, hands and chest. Symptoms are worse during winter and during pregnancy.
Our tour starts in Geneva, the county seat and home to a few movie scenes from "Road to Perdition."
Above: The gorgeous Amber Room (Yantarnaya Komnata), Catherine Palace. Considered by some to be the ‘Eighth Wonder of the World,’ it was stolen by the Nazis during World War II. Starting in the 1970s, it was painstakingly recreated from the original drawings and reopened to the public several years ago.
Latin 3: Study for a test on Caesar Gall., pp. 1-20.
Following the diagram in the photo below, cut the remaining Wide Petals and Pointed Petals strips to make your flower buds. For these buds, you do not use a rolled quilling strip. Simply roll the petals and seal with Scor-Tape. Wrap a small piece of green crepe paper quilling strip around base of bud for the calyx. You can vary the size of the buds by having more or less petals.
Sam ran to meet her. "We're in." She threw her arms around her sister.
the clouds of darkness
Have you ever noticed that ‘creative’ people are often disorganized, do a million things at once and yes, procrastinate endlessly? Well it seems that interruptions are not that terrible after all (see my previous post on Procrastination) and being excellent at focusing is not that useful when you’re being creative. A British scientist has shown that it is those very interruptions that give our mind the mental pause it needs to notice a stray thought or random insight and bring it to your attention.
yes, she does have a moustache; no, she doesn't have tits.
Tuesday - Pork stir-fry with CSA pea shoots and lemongrass
from a broken heart
Place the biscuits on a baking sheet lined with parchment, and brush the tops with the melted butter. Bake for about 17 minutes or until lightly golden.
~G
Amar Singh Thapa was entrusted with the task of defending the west. A regiment of six thousand British troops made a surprises attack upon five hundred Nepalese troops and captured Nalagarh and Ramgarh. Amar Singh Thapa had stationed his troops at Gadwan. The Nepalese troops took the offensive. The British troops were defeated and fled. Octorlony wrote to Hastings for reinforcements. Even with reinforcements, every attack of Octorlony was repulsed. Amar Singh Thapa showed an uncommon bravery in this battle.BATTLE OF DEUTHAL
“You don’t want a piece of candy, do you?”
Writer’s write, and don’t be afraid of critiques, they truly will help you grow as a writer, but only if you open yourself to them.
Lunch was served at 3:30. In addition, Sarah received word that we would finally
After making this album, the group accompanied several other artists, including Domenico Modugno. In 1974, they changed their name to Expo 80, and then became known as Cappuccino in 1976. The band members credited on their 1969 album were: Franco Marcangeli on piano and vocals, Wilfrid Copello on drums and percussion, Lino Ranieri on bass, Vincent Barbera on guitar, percussion and voice, with Jackie Gustamacchio and Rosalba DiMarzio on vocals.
I'll admit its all probably stupidity on my part.. For starters I ordered a 16 inch then changed my mind. I would have been happy with the 16 inch, but thought I should try and change it if I could, so no big deal there, but it did bring it to my attention just how dire their customer service department is, so from that point on I already had a bad taste in my mouth about it all.
Husband suprised me with this gorgeous Zara bag, loveee!
Let’s look back into the Old Testament book of Exodus when the Almighty first declared His name to be Yahweh — I AM. In Exodus chapter 3, Moses is seen on the mountain of God talking to the angel of the Lord, who is speaking from a bush that appears to be burning, but it’s not being consumed. It’s here that God tells Moses that He has chosen him to return to Egypt and command Pharaoh to let the Israelites go free. To which Moses immediately begins his argument with God that he can’t go for various reasons, one of which is Moses doesn’t know God’s name. We pick up in verse 13-14:
I haven’t read a lot of Irish crime, but I’m enjoying Stuart Neville’s latest novel STOLEN SOULS. I like his style – very pacy and kind of in-your-face. He can paint a character very quickly in few short sentences.
Data Retrieval Technology v. Sybase, Inc. et al., No. 3-08-cv-05481 (N.D. Ca., Nov. 8, 2010)
Cole wants to minimize the real fears of the Gulf states about Iran's ambitions and its pursuit of nuclear weapons to achieve them. Of course, he's right that the "street" in the Arab world supports Iran for its virulent stands against Israel. But the people do not rule in any of the Gulf states. They are far from positions of political responsibility, which might actually make them to identify with the interests of their states in the global arena or to articulate realist political stances.
it will get done today.
I am participating in a blog hop with Shortmama as she continues her Muffin Top journey! She picks a subject each week to blog about and this time it is motivation! What is it that motivates you? This is kind of funny because a friend of mine from church was asking me what it was that got me motivated to do it. Well it started with three simple things.
It’s been a rough start to the season for the Union. Big changes were made during the offseason and it took a few games for the team to adjust and they started the season 0-3-1. Losing players like Sebastian LeToux and Faryd Mondragon can have that effect on a team.
Strange Flesh I’m always up for books that take place in ARGs. I do not, however, like that I’m told in the blurb that “this is the book everyone will be talking about this year.” Hmph. Don’t you tell me what to do!
This address, as well known, met with an immediate negative reaction. The positive response surfaced later, most noticeably in the Luther meeting. On 1st November 1967 over 2,500 people gathered in Westminster Chapel to commemorate the 450th anniversary of Luther’s promulgation of his Ninety-Five Theses. 15
I love this stuff. I love good singing, love instant unbiased feedback on how well competitors are doing, and love the original singers of songs going up against karaoke fanatics.
ND - I think our focus Jim has to be on coming up with the right way forward in this situation and with solutions to the problems.
I can't manage.
Also remember that if you go on a clear night for a bit “in the sky to observe the temperature will fall soon. So dress up, always good.
I hope I've inspired you today.
And, I did.
Are you still with me? Thank you. I promised I’d need help, and you stayed. I love you.
After my tour of NPA, Jack took me on a tour of our elementary school, where that ancient film of me was shot so many years ago. As we walked up the front stairs, Jack said to me ”wait until you smell this place…it has a unique, familiar smell.” And it did. It’s hard to describe, sort of a combination of old hardwood floors, cafeteria food, and perhaps a chemical from a copy machine. Whatever that scent is made of, it brought back a flood of memories. Living in town of course, Jack knows everybody, and as he rifled off names, I instantly remembered every one of them, even after four decades. Memory is a funny thing.
Shark Vegas - You Hurt Me
Strawberries and creme fraiche to serve
You all? The ones that I surveyed? You can stop reading now.
The Italian explorer Antonio Raimondi also came very close to stumbling across the ruins of Machu Picchu during his exploration of the Urubamba valley in 1858 when, during a trek from the town of Quillabamba to Cuzco, he descended down from the mountains to the Urubamba river at the village of Chaullay, at which point the river was crossed by the great Inca bridge Choquechaca, around 25 kilometres from Machu Picchu mountain. He actually named the mountain of a map included in his report on the journey a number of years later in 1891 but made no mention of its ruins. Raimondi’s map is of one of a number of maps that were produced prior to Hiram Bingham’s visit which show either Machu Picchu or its surroundings. In 1868 the Peruvian government hired the Swedish-born American engineer John Nystrom to chart a path linking Cuzco to with the Santa Ana valley. This route, which ran alongside the Urubamba river shows the source of a hot spring (“Aguas Calientes” in Spanish). However, Nystrom’s map makes no mention of Machu Picchu which was located just across the river.
One of my fondest memories as a small child was hearing a firm and steady knock on our front door, and opening it to find a handsome, confident man in a dark suit standing tall and proud. He would always be smiling, often have a dashing, rakishly tilted hat on his head, and in a deep and pleasant voice would inquire as to the whereabouts of the Lady of the house. He would also be carrying a mysterious and fascinating item in his hands, or have a huge, shiny, complicated device sitting on the ground by his black and highly polished shoes. The item was either a modern, complex device for removing dirt from our carpet, or what I think was possibly a Russian space satellite, primed to make a blazing entry out into a geosynchronous orbit of our humble planet. Either way; the machines were soooo...... cool! He would talk for what seemed like hours about such interesting things as the incredible cyclonic, suction power of the amazing Dust Demon 5000, the wonderful quality of various cleaning products, or the importance of imparting the knowledge of books on young and impressionable minds.
outdoor summer concerts
Anyways, that’s my rule of thumb for book buying.
All entries using a Make it Crafty image will go into the extra draw for a chance to win two single MiC digi stamps! This prize does not include collections.
Here's my journaling cards starting from the left side of the first page. I used My Mind's Eye stamps and mini garland, Chevron patterned paper and a Chevron bag from my Etsy shop.
The motherlode of awesomeness....a rare find!!
On the other hand, I am continuing to make changes to what we do and how we do it. I am constantly striving for improvement and I hope that each of the students will do the same. Today I made a change in what we do for our read aloud. Instead of reading a work of fiction, I started to reading a biography of Abraham Lincoln by Carl Sandburg. The biography is highly acclaimed and I thought it would be a good way or tying in our social studies standards for learning Illinois history.
Nothing can beat, when she gives you a pleasant smile.
You know you want to.
Law enforcement sources tell us … Ross was NOT home at the time of the shooting and at this point in the investigation, he’s not considered a suspect.
The winner this month is.........
house in perfect order. You might even amplify the
Now, I know that many of you have already grabbed the new cutie pie from Tiddly Inks. Her name is Wryn, and she is to die for! I finally got to play a little this weekend, and here's one of my cards with her:
Recorded At Rheinhalle Dusseldorf Germany
City Press can reveal the Hawks were investigating damaging claims that almost R200 000 for renovations to Mthethwa’s house in KwaMbonambi, northern KwaZulu-Natal, was paid out of the “slush fund” when the probe was shut down.
The Basics
she ducks and weaves
All in all, we had a great time and got to visit some beautiful places.
And that's why I decided to make a point of celebrating when the smaller goals are met. Finishing rewrites was a pretty big one, but there were all sorts of goals in-between, too. I celebrated when I got ahead of my set schedule. I celebrated if I was having a particularly tough day but I managed to write something anyway. I celebrated when I managed to pull off a tricky scene, when I nailed down an elusive plot point, or when I finally wrote out a moment that's been in my head for months. These celebrations typically just involved me, a rented movie, and some sushi, but it allowed me to take some time just to feel happy about what I'd accomplished.
While their influence in developed economies like the U.S. and Western Europe is well known, Hedge Fund activities in the developing world, especially in Africa have steadily increased under the radar. The report cited case studies from six African countries – Ethiopia, Tanzania, Sudan, Sierra Leone, Mali, and Mozambique where these companies have expanded land holdings, from just a few thousand acres a few years ago to millions of acres of farmland. Large-scale land acquisitions for commercial purposes in Africa are not new. Colonel Qadhafi bought and leased hundreds of thousands of acres of land in Mali, while the South Koreans leased huge concessions in Madagascar. The Saudi’s, the Emirates, and the Chinese are all in on the land deals. However, Hedge Funds and their subsidiaries are acquiring land at an unprecedented scale. In 2009 alone, they bought or leased nearly 60 million acres of land across Africa, an area roughly the size of Texas. According to the World Bank, land deals across the continent covered about 110 million acres in 2009, growing tenfold from the previous year.
1 tablespoon jalapeno pepper seeded and minced
Did you notice the embossed scallops? I used the new Adorning Accents Embossing Folder to emboss a divider between the sentiment and the design.
In the Mood for Love (Christopher Doyle and Mark-li Ping-bin)
On another note, have you seen the pretty dresses offered up by a company called Shabby Apple? I'm guessing you probably have since they've been pretty visible out in Blogland with giveaways and such in the last year or so. Well, they contacted me and would like to offer my readers a 10% discount on any purchase from their website.
3-4 cans crescent rolls
So . . . be sure you pop on over to Sugar Nellie's Blog HERE each day this week to see what the ladies have created for your viewing pleasure! Oh . . . and don't forget to leave a little "love" (a.k.a. comments) each day 'cuz some lucky folks will be randomly selected to receive a little "sugar!" Whoohoo!!
As usual, to be in with a chance of winning my candy you just have to become a follower (if you're not one already), add a piccie of my candy to your sidebar and add your name to Mr Linky below.
Being there is the best way to help someone out
“Let’s talk about the elephant in the room. I’m black, OK?” the woman said, declining to be identified because she anticipated backlash due to her race. She leaned in to look a reporter directly in the eyes. “There were black boys robbing houses in this neighborhood,” she said. “That’s why George was suspicious of Trayvon Martin.”
Today I went into the park as I frequently do in the morning. So, what do I see? The same nice looking man sitting on a park bench, reading a book, and smoking his cigarettes. When he finishes one, he starts another. I know this because after I’m finishing my walk, he’s usually lighting up another one.
The Blitzkrieg tactic worked quite well in Gulf War II, except where it didn't work so well. American armored troops made rather short work of the trip to Baghdad but a long, lightly defended supply line trailing in the armor's wake left the support troops open to small unit assaults. Did this mean that this version of Blitzkrieg did work and was therefore pragmatic or it didn't really work (or only partially worked) and therefore was not pragmatic? What if our forces were fighting a really determined and competent (although overmatched) enemy that was truly capable of causing major havoc among the armor supply forces? What if the enemy was successful enough to completely strand our powerful yet fuel guzzling tanks by severely hindering their supply? Would Blitzkrieg tactics be proven to be wrong and not therefore pragmatic?
I love Bob. I mean, in a “I’m very happily married and he’s really not my type” sort of way.
Have a happy day, wherever you are. I wish you`d ALL send me a postcard!!
Line of the episode: The Doctor: Which reminds me, there's a girl standing outside in a bikini, can somebody let her in and give her a jumper? Lucy. Lovely girl. Diabetic ...
So here’s some initial thoughts, It’s no surprise that the Green Investment Bank went to Edinburgh, but why can’t Wales have its own Green Investment Bank that’s something the Business Minister Edwina Hart should be asked. On Remploy besides the howls of protest which i share because it’s a false economy to close the factories what can the Welsh Government and Local Authorities doing to help?
Strong was vociferously opposed to the consolidation, thinking it a ridiculous burden to the city coffers, vetoing it even up to the very end. By that time, however, Strong was not seeking re-election, but for decidedly personal reasons. In cleaning up the city -- getting it ready for the future -- his own business had nearly gone bankrupt. He would die just two years later, in 1900.
Not long after I wrote about that paper dress (pictured in the photo above), I received an email from the designer's son asking for a copy of the photo for his mom. Well long story short, I ended up doing an oral history interview with the designer, Ruth Dukas, for the ROM archives. As it turns out, Ruth only made one paper dress in her career, but was in fact renowned for the exquisite embroidery and beading of her evening gowns and cocktail dresses.
A once in a lifetime opportunity to purchase a private island that has it all endless possibilities to enhance it to you personal taste.
Volare unicanitor suede-over-plastic saddle.
All you have to do is click on Natalie's name above. That will take you straight to the post on her blog where you can enter!
Seksy Watches – A Must Have For Every Fashionista!
204) loud laughter and loud kids when the neighbours popped in for coffee tonight
"OMG. Why are you here?" I was taken aback. It was almost, what, 4:30 a.m.?
Sure, I battle loneliness, fight the desire to hide in seclusion and struggle with the cravings for intimate connection. But after the last three years, I’m rather enjoying the stillness. It’s simple, it’s peaceful, and it’s calm. Even my dog has grown from this all. From the time I got him, he battled with anxiety. I couldn’t leave him in the house alone without him howling and hollering. I had to put him in the bathroom when I went to work so he wouldn’t disturb the neighbors. But now, he simply goes to his bed and lays down when I leave. It’s as though he feels the shift in the energy at home.
As for that picture; right now, at this moment I am SO happy with the shot. It captures the beautiful delicacy of infants, the softness of sharing a sleepy-eyed moment and the heart-fluttering reverence of being alive and I can not think of a single thing to add to that.
First time I have ever worn blues! Even though the look was super simple, I got tons of compliments from my co-workers and customers today =)
Words without letters
The depiction of shepherds in art and literature is central to the Art of the Pastoral
...my copy of Fingerprint 2! I'll admit, I had a tiny fear that somehow this was all a mistake, and my poster would not actually be in the book - but I have hard-copy proof now! It's a bit unreal to see my own work in the glossy pages of a legit design book. Check it out:
3. Capri Pizza - Best pizza in Indiana. I'm gonna miss the buffalo pizza terribly. They are the nicest guys, and they love making great pizza.
Brilliant, aren't they? Being an advertising professional., I dug into these ads a bit more. They were created by the agency Cultivator, who also represents New Belgium and Great Divide. As an advertising partner who clearly knows their stuff when it comes to craft beer, they did an excellent job with this campaign and kept it low cost. To produce the four spots, they only spent $10,000 (a modest production budget, for those unfamiliar) and one day at the brewing facility with Brewmaster and General Manager, Todd Ursy.
I have this sort of obsession with Iron Chef.
BANANA BROWNIES (EGGLESS)
So if you want to follow my blog through that, feel free to follow on there again...and if not, you can always follow through Bloglovin' as well. Both options are on the right sidebar of this blog!
Do you know what happens when your 6 year old bakes muffins? - you digress so far from the original recipe that it bears only a slight resemblance to what you intended to bake. Almonds get turned down (because nuts are good only with chocolate, Amma), chocolate chips get added in (there's so little left in the packet Amma, lets finish it) and finally the muffins miraculously sprout sprinkles on top (Please Amma, can we have sprinkles on top - Please, please pleaaaaaase).
Good communication skills!
My friend, her husband, my dad, and my step mom came to help unpack the truck. It took 2 hours. Which was good. The boys I hired to pack it took an hour. I fell once. I gashed my knuckle. Which is now infected because I could not find a band-aid. I have a beautiful purple bruise the size of a quarter on my forearm. And every inch of my body aches. I am exhausted beyond belief.
John Carpenter’s The Thing was taut, though breezy, playing up the “Who Goes There?” (if you’ll pardon the reference) aspect far better than even its predecessor, Howard Hawks’ The Thing From Another World. The New Thing isn’t a prequel to a Cold War science fiction flick, though, it’s a prequel to Carpenter’s The Thing. If you can’t uphold the quality and tension of the flick you’re premaking then just don’t bother.
I have a soft spot for Sierra Nevada Pale Ale as it was the first real beer experience that opened my senses to something completely new. What I remember was that it lasted like grass and piney bitterness, yet sweet and...I wanted more.
To demonstrate this saying, think about a recent vacation you took, once you arrived back at your final destination, back home, you realize what a great time you had and many people find themselves wishing for more of the vacation. The vacation was actually the journey, not the destination of returning home. Life is the same way; it is the journey in life that is truly important.
Take advantage of our special offer to attend all 5 sessions for just $150, or register for them individually for $75 each. Each registration includes one connection to each Part of the series, but you may gather as many of your staff, board members, and consumers to participate as you like!
Yippeeeeeee!! A fun crop party happening soon!! Soo can't waitt!!! :))))
So, say a little prayer for us tomorrow afternoon. I know I will need it!
my second child, which was 17 years ago.) I did a
Their number keeps decreasing.
Love should not be a criminal offense.
I wanted her to be there and.to.pray.with.me. It wasn’t a major thing. But it was something I didn’t want to do without – the beauty of communion and shared love for Jesus, the vocalising of trust in His provision.
- I know your longing
The taste had more layers and a natural texture than a typical soft root beer. The vanilla, liquorice & aniseed stand out at different points but the taste comes across as a posh pop with less of a cloying sweetness. Designed more for adult tastes and possibly that it is impossible to session a root beer or can of coke. It would be difficult to session this regardless of a reduced but not absent sweeteness. The taste of alcohol is wholly absent. You’d never guess from taste alone that you were drinking an alcoholic beverage. On the whole I liked it. But I like root beer. I suspect if you didn’t like root beer you’d find this to be a bizarre concoction. One to try again, but I’ll wait for a special offer before buying more.
I asked him if anyone else did theirs like this. He said no.
*Chicken nuggets: an industrially reconstituted boneless chicken product invented by Cornell poultry science professor Robert C. Baker in the 1950s.
I've opted tonight indulging in watching my all-time favourite movie The Wicker Man. It never takes much excuse to put the film on. So your humble narrator is partaking in a large dram wi Crabbie's and drifting back to Summerisle 1973...
Why have you decided to breastfeed? Different lifestyle and regret not trying it the first time, so I want to try it for the health benefits.
Most of the time it's easy enough to just not think about it much - just go along with life, do what we can, be extremely disciplined about medicines and treatments. And persevere. And pray. Please join us in praying for our boy's continued wellness. And most of all for a cure, which still looks promising, and quite possibly could happen in his lifetime.
But I am fortunate to have quite a few friends and former colleagues who visit me.
Something odd.
Flour, 4 table spoons
Book donation programs should reflect a partnership between institutions in Africa and the US with a liaison contact from each institution. While large scale donations of container-loads of books can be effective, the ASA is trying to fill a perceived gap by increasing the number of small to medium-sized projects that focus on specific, articulated needs. Community based, grassroot project involvement with benefit to broad, non-sectarian populations are encouraged.
And here is a little interview with Marius, where he talks among other things about his dream roles :-)( and it links back to more info on the Facebook site of the Rosenblatt recitals)
Enjoy what's left of the weekend and thank you all for looking.
No. Truth is, my first thought was, “Who will take Dog for his walk?”
The china cabinet has been moved to an available space along the living room wall where a teak secretary used to be.
Third, the chair rail. I like them in general but not really ours. It's too traditional and it stuck out from the wall really far.
By most measures, we spend about a third of our time daydreaming, yet our brain is unusually active during these seemingly idle moments. Left to its own devices, our brain activates several areas associated with complex problem solving, which researchers had previously assumed were dormant during daydreams. Moreover, it appears to be the only time these areas work in unison.
-- like these discarded cushions found in a closet
08. Krafty
“I can’t give you something that’s a supplement to the food you already have? Sorry that’s wrong,” Richter said.
“I don’t think I have DID. I just make all this stupid stuff up in my head. I don’t know where it comes from or why. Maybe I’m delusional……I don’t know.”
anyway Bali has always be on the "it" list to travel too - and of course Elena is all about having visitors come and see her - so a trip to Bali might be sooner then i think!
Now, to begin our discussion of Kṛṣṇa I will tell you about the birth, deeds, and rescue of Parīkṣit, the sage among kings, and the final end of the sons of Pāṇḍu.
Where: Newcastle Region Library, Lovett Gallery, Laman Street
forgive myself for the moments when I feel like I've not done the best I wanted to do,
As we understand it, the bulldozers might move in, but they'd target derelict structures.
Synopsis: Kaito Kuroba, a normal teenage student comes upon the secret about his father’s death. He realizes his father was the famous Phantom Thief 1412, and was killed by an organization for refusing to steal the Pandora Gem for them. The Pandora Gem is said to shed a tear under the full moonlight, and whomever shall drink it, shall gain immortality. Kaito Kuroba then decides to search for that Jewel to prevent the organization from retrieving it. To do so, he takes on his father’s role as Phantom Thief 1412, and becomes Phantom Thief Kid, also known as Kaito Kid and begins his search on the Pandora Gem. The Pandora Gem is said to ooze liquid “tears” during the passing of a particular comet, and when consumed, would grant immortality. Apparently, the gem glows red under the full moon and that it is a doublet: a gem hidden within a larger gem. Thus, it would have to be a relatively large one with a bizarre history, and always stored in a place that never receives moonlight. This is why he researches and steals famous priceless gems with odd histories from incredibly well-defended areas, and always returns them after the very next full moon.
9. The Difference Between Happiness and Joy - I can remember watching my kids grow up, and naively praying for their happiness. Sure, I still pray for their happiness, but I know happiness is the wrong goal. Happiness and joy are not one in the same – happiness comes and goes – it’s fleeting at best, it’s most often deceptive, and at worst the pursuit of happiness above all else can lead to ruin. Joy however is something that can be found in any circumstance or setting. It’s the joyful people who stand out to me. They are the lemonade makers – the ones who see the best in people, not the worst. Regardless of the hand they’re dealt, they don’t complain or become bitter. They remain joyful and continue pushing forward in pursuit of their dream.
If you go to the coupons tab on the Facebook page for Athenos products, you can print a buy one get one (BOGO) free coupon for their Feta cheese. I use the reduced fat, but there are many fun flavor variations in addition to the original. I also used a $1.00 off Smart Chicken I recently alerted you to in a post, which you can find and print at Smart Chicken's Facebook page. The Kalamata olives were my splurge in this recipe, but I find them well worth even the regular price for what ends up being a fairly small cost per recipe. If you would rather, good ol' regular black olives would work well too, and they would be considerably cheaper in regards to your initial investment (though could be more expensive per recipe), especially if you don't have one of those fun olive bars in your grocery store either and jars are your only option.
And I'm pleased to say that Talli has been graced by the Blogger Gods an is back at her original blog here... thank you for any prayers said!
June 14: We went to a Peter Breinholt concert tonight. If you don't know his music, I suggest you go to iTunes and check him out. Start with "What About."
I filled the cone shape about two thirds full. You can add more if needed. You'll want the pincushion to be firm, not squishy. To keep the crushed walnut shells in place, I cut a 3" diameter circle of batting and place it over the top of the crushed walnut shells................
Following are excerpts from a program with Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Qatar TV on July 28, 2007.
To the innermost heart of their own land they are known
But things don't turn out the way Sadye had hoped. What happens when your whole life is about pursuing a dream -- and you find out that you don't have what it takes?
Here are the some sneaks photos while were in Boracay.
I first saw Denjo-san on a TV screen. He appeared as one of the Balkan haijins on a NHK(Japan's national broadcasting station) special program on haiku scene in the area. I found his haiku on the web and made some haiga. In the program many more haijins were introduced, and I later came to know many of them, including Vladimir Devide and Visnja McMaster.
but each of the plants at lowe's has an attached care meter.
For further information:
With Secret Service protection awarded to visiting dignitaries, this also means, for instance, that the federal government could consider a demonstration against any foreign president on American soil as a violation of federal law, as long as it could be considered disruptive to whatever function is occurring.
Flung their smoke into the laquearia,
I'm hoping to write about this year's gorgeous garlic harvest and my recent garlic planting soon, but you know how that goes. In the meantime you'll find all of my previous garlic growing posts here.
Instead of comparing yourself with rich people, compare yourself with genuinely poor people. You will soon realize the abundance that is all around -- how blessed we are to have loved ones to sacrifice for -- and how energizing the challenge can be.
Hope you enjoy this as much as I do..
So she went back to his place
I also let him know that by buying into everything the Worthless Co-Worker had told him he had actually hamstrung the boss on doing a part of his job. That being making sure the Worthless Co-Worker did her job. Ever since this charade started she was just getting worse and the boss was treating her with kid gloves because he was scared of losing his job. Something had to give.
Well, I hate to break it to you, but chances are you're really really fat. What do you mean how do I know? I simply know, don't be confused by the mirror, it is controlled by the Government who lies to you just so you can feel better and distracted from what's really going on. But trust me, my friend, trust me: you're fat.
52. The House of the Spirits - Isabel Allende
To remember the 70th anniversary of the Exeter Biltz I was invited to a special event at the Cathedral
“He’s the mayor,” Lieber replied, serving Brodsky a fat pitch.
Duration: 2 rounds + 2 rounds per caster level
When it comes to organizing my home, my office seems to always be last on the list of priorities. This year however, stream-lining my home office is high on the list of things to do. Is it on yours? If yes, here are five simple steps to making your office space functional and beautiful…
Corn-rows/Cane-rows are plaits which lay flat along your skull. I've got corn-rows up front and the back is regular 3-strand plaits in this 2009 December pic. And we found that taxidermied squirrel in our office. No, I don't know why. Also, I'm a one antlered reindeer. I laughed at my neighbour because his Santa pants had a hole. My antler promptly fell off in response. Kharma.
relations woven into one fabric. For the Buddhist, subject and object
It’s a familiar story. In craft canning circles, the Oskar Blues brewery in Lyons, Colorado, functions nowadays as a combination of Fenway Park as Mecca for Red Sox fans, Robert Johnson’s recordings as templates for blues guitarists, and the Library of Congress to document enthusiasts. In 2002, Oskar Blues became the first American microbrewery to can its ale, two units at a time to begin, and entirely by hand. The reason: Canning lines intended for small scale craft usage had yet to be produced.
“Oh, I don’t mind,” she said. “I’m in no hurry. I’m on my way to a hospice.”
Until next year!
During last Wednesday’s PMQs, David Cameron was looking distinctly miffed and altogether hissy when Labour MP Tom Watson asked him about the breadth and remit of Asst Met Commissioner Sue Akers’ enquiries about Hackgate, and the culture of criminality at Newscorp. Employing the tones of Kevin the teenager, he was forced to admit that she could look where she wanted across any time period that appealed to her.
1. Ease of cleaning: Wooden cutting boards need only be sealed using mineral oil once a month and washed with warm soapy water. Plastic cutting boards have a tendency to need sterilization and if you place them in the dishwasher, there is a good chance that it will warp. Wooden boards are just easier to wash and keep clean and the antimicrobial properties of wood will decrease the chances that your cutting surface will contaminate your food without you knowing it.
North Carolina 55
But this obligation to love others doesn’t mean that sin isn’t supposed to be called sin. Ron Brown shared with Majors the greatest gift that could possibly be shared – how to have eternal life. That doesn’t mean Brown should then look at him and say, “okay, now anything goes.” In fact, if Brown shared the gospel message with Majors accurately (and I have no reason to believe it wasn’t), then repentance would have surely been covered.
This year has been so different in an unbelievably refreshing way. Spring has been good to us.
‘Is this really necessary? I only went a bit woozy,’ she says.
sheds tears of discord
Gregory: one more quick question -
I stopped short. Regent was sitting, unmoving, and in the last ten seconds or so, Shadow Stalker had disappeared from the chair.
“Post Diptych” – A pair (obviously) of photographs, lovely white and grey tones, one of a wooden triangular structure like a giant dog kennel in a bare field of earth; the other a tree study, which close up, contains a trellis like structure. One of those things that draws your eye across a room. More next time.
Ang was eventually made sales director in 2001, and in the following year, he was appointed executive director for ETCM a post he still holds today. Ang also sits on the board of various subsidiaries of the Tan Chong Group.
and yet when I get to that point I find myself going straight.
But, then, as I was nearing home, and turning down the driveway, and parking my van, I could feel the hope slipping away from me and I was being drawn down into darkness and hopelessness again.
***it is a breakfast spread
I go away for a month and look what happens?
In the last several years there have been numerous articles that continually show that active managers by and large under perform the index. Going beyond this, the conclusion is that investors should buy a passive index or broad based ETF and earn the returns of the index.
From color, to size, to showing too much You Are What You Wear will help you discover the psychology behind why you choose what you choose to wear. This guide will also help you uncover the reasons why you shop and what you shop for – are you searching for particular labels, are you searching for items to cover yourself up? Are you trying to stay in a certain decade? Are you trying to be someone you’re not?
Average advertising people are good listeners. Exceptional advertising people are good noticers.
J: I usually always attend the Romance Writer’s of America conference, which switches location every year. I don’t do many other conferences, but I have now and then.
The Power of Technology
i am so grateful to be home.
Cocoa powder- 1/2 cup
Here’s my take on the three workouts. Bob’s 20-minute workout stands on its own. It’s fun to do, and is great for lifting your mood. The next workout is a 10-minute segment with Jillian, using a lot of the same moves from her ’30 Day Shred’. It is a great addition to the first one for an added challenge. The third workout is with Ajay Rochester and is also 10 minutes long. I find this one boring and not as challenging as the others. Being that it’s the third workout, I guess I thought it would be really hard, but it’s not. It requires less movement than the other two, and is a lot more repetitive. That said, beginners might like it.
And He showeth mercy upon the last, and careth for the first; And to the one He giveth, and upon the other He bestoweth gifts. And He both accepteth the deeds, and welcometh the intention, and honoureth the acts and praises the offering.
10/3/2008 - New York, NY - WaMu Theater at MSG
I’m not usually someone who’s interested in monasteries. Don’t get me wrong, I’m no philistine; I don’t mind strolling around a church or cathedral for ten minutes admiring the architecture. I don’t get all dewy-eyed at the model crucifix, but I can still appreciate the skill and effort (and hard labour) it takes to conceive and build such a structure.
in these fleeting moments,
advertising deals with
A few days later I was taking a brisk walk / buying a newspaper / checking the weather. It was only down the road so I left my slippers on and took a cup of tea with me. Passing a bus stop I heard someone say ‘That’s a good idea.’ I looked up and came face to face with the village’s self-appointed traffic warden. We struck up a conversation and I was informed that he was on the way to see his grandson.
Once you can hear the sound like the rice is jumping up........
— Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet
Here’s to your climb! Just keep moving. Keep climbing. Keep the faith! You can do it!!!!! It’s all about the climb!
but I’m ready to take to flight.
Now while this may all come across as a little frou-frou and cookie cutter, believe me when I say there is definitely another half to this. It's really sort of funny to me because even at the age of twenty-eight I still find myself battling some of the same issues and doubts that I had as a teen. With some of the things I was once (and sometimes still am) awful about doing, are things like being overly harsh, judgmental and critical of myself. "I wish I had a better body...I wish my thighs were skinnier...Why is my nose so big...I hate my hair, it's disgusting!...I wish I were smarter, prettier, and more talented."
6) Being chased by a shadowy figure through a derelict building
Not long after starting my first (and current) full-time social work position, one of my clients experienced something eerily similar to the very something I identify as most connected to my decision to enter this field. The potential comparisons seemed endless. Her father’s death was equally unexpected. She was the same age and in the same grade. It happened during the same month. And for me, it wasn’t just the experience, but everything that didn’thappen afterwards that eventually made propelled me towards social work. So of course I felt immediately that this was it—that this was the moment where I had to be for her what no one was for me.
There is also a giant vulture and a scorpion – and a strange disk that could be the sun.
Where is your home?
the root of the penis is at half the height of a man
** Attn Ezine editors and Site owners **
There any many discussion boards on the internet, especially on LinkedIn. Two of my favorites are the Definitive Serious Writers Group and the Poets group. Both are supportive groups. You can share things or ask a question or maybe learn something from a comment posted. Sometimes there are links to articles or blogs and the Poets group even has a weekly poetry contest just for fun.
After the Kassel festival I suffered from a bit of photobook burnout. The festival is growing to a decent size but 4 twelve hour days looking and talking about books can send even the most dedicated to seek a break. So, I wanted to intersperse a few non-photo related books over the next weeks which I found irresistible on this trip.
Another place that was an absolute must visit while we were in Alnwick was Barter Books. Converted from the town's Victorian Railway Station it is bibliophiles heaven. While I was lost in the stacks gazing longingly at some Elsie J Oxenham's in a glass case (way out of my price range!) Dave took the kids into the children's section. They had a blast in there, one of the bookcases is designed like a truck so Christopher took up residence in the cab, pausing only to let out a delighted shriek when the toy train that runs round the top of some of the book cases came into view!
Thanks for taking the time to visit our challenge.
Spinach is my favorite green to use when making this dish, but chard works well, too. You may notice in the photo that this time I used collard greens because that's what I had on hand. While it was still tasty, I don't really suggest using collard greens because they were a little more bitter than what works well with the spices. If you decide to use chard, be sure to cut out the stems and use only the leaves.
My father’s side never tried to kidnap my sister and I when we were kids, sure, but in the true sense of the word, they were Others compared to how I interacted with my white side.
You can vote today and tomorrow. Two weeks ago we kicked St. Louis, MO out of the running and now we’ve advanced to battle Knoxville, TN.
We think this is a great way to celebrate our blogiversary (bloggiversary?), and we hope you’ll join us and contribute a piece for the contest. If you ARE interested in participating, leave a comment here or email us at trueclassicsblog (at) gmail dot com!
I prophesy to you that the Feast of Trumpets will birth a new season that will come into full manifestation and go forth in great strength into 2012. This will be the beginning of God’s government becoming very, very apparent to us. The blessings of that government will come when we are living under His rule. We are equipped by those things that He gives to us and made ready to go all the way into this new thing that God is going to do. You don’t want to miss out on it.
Rehabilitation is an important part of recovering from stroke. The aim of a rehabilitation program is to help the patient regain as much independence as possible. This does not mean that life will return exactly as it was before the stroke. Rehabilitation cannot cure damage to the brain, but rehabilitation can help relearn the best possible use of the body. No one can say exactly how long a stroke rehabilitation program should last. Each program is tailored to meet each stroke survivor’s individual needs. A program can also change as thee patient’s condition improves.
I can remember walking beans as a boy and you were wet and cold in the morning and then by afternoon wishing you could be wet and cold again for a little relief from the heat.
So do The Cleverlys...
I had a sample skein, but not a color card, so I had to trust the colors on the web when I placed the order. They all looked absolutely luminous, and when the yarn arrived, Berroco did not disappoint. Captiva is shimmery and silky, and the colors are just amazing. Iridescent is the word that comes to mind. Think how an opal would look if it were spun into yarn! That's what the Captiva looks like. It's soft and supple but not at all limp.
“Are you going to buy that one then?” she asked, holding out her hand expectantly.
I had a really hard time finishing stories, though--child and then teenage me had a difficult time with the concept that stories had to be finished when they got boring. There were so many shiny new plot bunnies to explore! And when I did come close to finishing, I suffered The Great Computer Crashes™ and didn't bother going back and rewriting everything. This attitude has, obviously, changed in the years since.
Sadly, they didn't have both the sizes I needed, but I traced them to another site, janetscloset.com. Besides the fact that Bordello makes up to size 14 as well as regular sizes, they make some really cute shoes...Funtasma was a cute brand that popped up a lot as well.
I will save giving a proper update on Allegra for when I do her '6 months' post in a few weeks time... I know, 6 months, I can't believe it either! AND I have so much to fill you in on in general... including one rather exciting piece of news which I hope to share soon! ﻿Now off to tackle those suitcases... hmph. x
The “thugniggaintellectual” provided his own unique brand of insight into Santa’s “disruptive outlaw figures.” BurgermeisterMeisterburger in Santa Claus is Coming to Town, according to Neal, “reproduced anxieties” not about Nazism (don’t be fooled by the German-sounding name) but instead “about Soviet-styled Communism.” As usual with the Group, why let evidence get in the way of a good argument, in this case proving American society’s reflexive anti-leftism? Or take two of my favorites—the Miser Brothers of The Year Without a Santa Claus. In Neal’s reality, they “are used to gently chide the kinds of male flamboyance often associated with homosexuality(!!).”
Come on Britain. Wake up or die in your sleep. Soon Birmingham will be like parts of France, which are no go areas for the police or whites.
I must admit Lana had hers done (and sold) before I even got around to thinking what to do with mine but with a little 'nudge' from Lana (thanks girlfriend), I got the old brain whirling and this is what I came up with.
Anyway, I started walking towards the usual place where "The Ladies Who Beer" gather when I encountered this --
07. AC/DC (Chapman, Chinn) - 4:30
There lots of things you can add to this hummus recipe to give it different flavors. Here are a few:
While my wife boiled some angel hair pasta, I put some fresh basil,
This came about mainly due to my husbands job. The company was to send him as a reward for his work...and I was, happily, given the trip to join him as well. He's a yacht broker and the main boat he sells is built there in France. So, he got to tour the companies factories as well as attend the huge Paris boat show.
The overall point of web advertising is to stop you looking at the web page you originally visited, because you'd only learn something or gain whatever it is you wanted to gain before you went there. The click-through rates currently run at around 0.000000000000000000000001%.
I missed April because I kept forgetting for the first half of the month and then our cameras shutter stopped functioning halfway thru the month (ahhh, not good because I love our camera!), so I have dug out our old camera to use in the meantime.
Customer reviews & ratings of American Standard 2740.202.020 Colony Bath Tub with Integral Apron, Dual Molded-In Armrests and Left-Hand Outlet, White are available from the merchant’s site, check it by click on the link below.
Father Oswalt was ordained a priest forever by Bishop Mark Pivarunas at Mount St. Michael in June of this year. Please enjoy the excerpt below (12 minutes of a 70 minute interview).
But first, the context. For my original post I was quite rightly taken to task by a reader in New Zealand for the way I presented the story. In a followup note my correspondent said this:
Once you've stopped tracing the curl of the light ribbon in this installation with your eyes, you look up to see the rest. Nestled just over the back to the right is the Harbour Bridge. If you turn around just a little more to the right you would see a strip leading off toward the Opera House, with more interactive fun installations all along the way to it.
We've been seeing color blocking everywhere and on everything, even pants. I'm not completely convinced with the pants only because it messes with that long lean line we are always trying to achieve, although these ones from Zara are pretty cute (and if Jenna Lyons is wearing them, maybe so?).
The reason this prayer, which we term “The Our Father”, is so important is because it is foundational to establishing the appropriate spiritual attitude of faith which underlies our ability to serve Him as His Children and fully committed disciples. That is why many have stated that this prayer really ought to have been named “The Disciples Prayer”.
5. Have you started Christmas shopping? Decorating? Listening to Christmas music?
Ever since Steven Spielberg burst unto the scene with “Jaws” movie marketing has never been the same. What was once the boring and uneventful summer months between festivals and awards season became a time for distributing all those bis summer blockbusters. Do you remember those times you read about a movie in the local papers or (for me even less frequently) you saw an announcement in a cinema magazine. Now you are now bombarded with teasers, trailers or even teasers for trailers. But is this really necessary? Do we really need to be reminded about an upcoming movie every other commercial break? Or would be one ad ever so often actually be better because it can create curiosity but doesn’t tell too much to spoil the fun?
If you're already registered and you're drawn as a winner, you can choose a 50% refund of your Spring Training purchase price OR a $25 gift certificate to use on anything you want on ellapublishing.com!
funny story, part two...
In order to better and truly take care of ourselves and our well-being, we need to shift how we view our bodies, and realize that the human body is much more than just a physical body. It is a system of various levels and dimensions of subtle energy that are interconnected and interdependent.
i guess i must have sighed or groaned or something. anyway, he has always been perceptive and immediately asked, “what’s wrong with you?”
I love shopping, I especially love it when its craft related and I went on a little spree this week on the net and bought a few things on the net.
“It doesn’t take much to help to minimise such threats so that our native animals have the best chance of survival, and keeping your cat indoors is just one of the ways you can help,” he said.
So without further adieu, My Super Important, Crucial, Not-An-Option, list of things you should know about me :
Folding Chair Folds
in a pickle jar, leaf through my papers.
I hold my phone preciously, as if made of diamond
I'm lowering my blood pressure
We'd like to offer a heartfelt thank you to all our readers and subscribers for their attention, support, and participation (we love comments! We love questions!) We couldn't do what we do without you.
This dessert is a total breeze to make, however very impressive and satisfying. I think the warming spice blend successfully compliments the sweet, peachy goodness without being overwhelming. The blueberries, although optional, add amusing punctuation marks throughout the dish, and when crushed release an exquisite swirl of magenta juice. The coconut ice cream is an absolute must, especially if it’s new to you. It’s totally vegan, free of crazy additives, unpronounceable ingredients, and tastes incredible. My favorite brand is Coconut Bliss. Alternatively, you could use canned coconut milk, but keep it in the fridge before serving to ensure it’s cold – the temperature contrast is key.
Beat.
Myristyls – See Myristic Acid.
I am grateful that it was around this time I started reading about natural learning. I learned the theory that kids don't need to be taught how to do things, because they will learn what they need when they are ready. I backed off. No more teaching my son how to walk. I got more comfortable answering the question, He's not walking yet? with something like Why would he want to do that when he can crawl so fast?
Saturday: Group 3 & Group 4 extra work, no team WOD.
This 2011 film deals with a very complicated subject (the 2008 financial crisis) in the simplest of ways, and that’s due in no small part to some good old-fashioned storytelling. The movie (which plays out over a 24 hour time window) never becomes bogged down in numbers and details, even though these become refreshingly clear to just about any viewer as the narrative progresses. Also, the screenplay elevates itself by becoming about its central themes: corporate hierarchies, leadership, accountability, betrayal, trust, etc. (There are many more, but these are the ones that most potently infuse the events that unfold in the film).
You replace the toilet-paper roll when it's empty (0)
I don’t have anything really that interesting to say, except that I’ve now got 15 followers here on WordPress! Thank’s guys! ♥
A regular piece for the Daily Mail Weekend magazine about how figures in history might have twittered or tweeted or whatever, had they the chance, inclination and technology.
What to do with Pull Up Banners
I’ve just stumbled across a really neat piece of research on host-parasite ecology. An article, provisionally available in BMC Ecology by Zohdy et al., describes movements of a species of louse that parasitises mouse lemurs. Occurring in Madagascar, mouse lemurs Microcebus rufus, are host to a species of louse, Lemurpediculus verruculosus (which is so highly host-specific it only occurs on M. rufus). The team of researchers did a mark-recapture study where they tracked the movements of lice between different hosts by marking them with nail polish and monitoring the dispersal of lice between different host lemurs.
Put flour, baking powder, bicarb, nutmeg and sugar in a large bowl. In a jug put egg, buttermilk and have melted butter ready.
Here comes another example of my mom's secret genius and another time when I realized this woman truly has me on a need to know basis for important shit:
MR.Kejriwal receives income tax notice,
Qualities: Cold, Dry
Looking for locomotives
In all, this was a nicely paced episode of Game of Thrones; there was still more than enough going on to move the story forward, but nuance was not lost in a sea of dialogue. Each of the players grows stronger by the week, and the Lannister hold on the throne is slowly slipping. War is definitely coming, although it is not entirely clear who will be on whose side when the battle finally starts, and this is what makes Game of Thrones so fascinating and compelling to watch.
God’s grace showered on us,
The resulting live recorded album was released in July of that year. Sadly, only a couple of months later lead guitarist Duane Allman was killed in a motorcycle crash near his home in Macon, Georgia. A year later, another member of the band, bassist Berry Oakley died the same way, less than a mile from the spot where Duane had crashed.
Rustic Cream, Enchanted Evening, & Simply Chartreuse cardstock
Event Name
on dung-covered mound;
Find Design Diva on Twitter:
We still have to plant out the green/spring Onions we started by seed but for now we’re just letting the Rain soak in.
Today, I’m looking to pick your brain. Here is the question:
Assembly :
In other news, my former teacher GOT ME INTO THE CLASS!!!! Yes, Friends, I will be graduating in December. Finally!
The boys have been asking to get pumpkins for Halloween. We only have one pie pumpkin from the farm this year. The winter squash crop didn't do so well. I suppose I'll have to find a place to buy a couple of decent carving pumpkins, preferably locally grown that don't cost a fortune.
Judy Balan plots the story of an Indian married couple, a Punjabi boy (an IITian-IIMA aspiring to be a popular best-selling writer) with a Tamilian girl (a student of English turned psychotherapist), how they fell in love, plotted to convince their parents, their wedding, their marriage and their divorce. In between, how Indian families in general react to such a two state marriage, their insecurities and fears and the like.
You will note, up to this point, I have chosen not to name any of those involved. Their names can be found via links in this article, and are easy to find, however, I don't consider their identities to be relevant to the points I am making, nor is it fair to name them again three and a half years after the event. The defendants names have been aired in public so often that they will forever be associated with a crime they did not commit, and I will not add to that injustice. Even the false accuser, who may well be mentally ill, is only relevant in so far as she made the allegations and those allegations were proved false, whether those allegations were made though malice or madness is of no significance.
Robert Alexander, author of The Kitchen Boy, visits South High School in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Deep down, I've known for a couple of years that I needed to take the plunge,
Gregory: Plouffe says Mitt Romney has no soul
I want to say 'thanks' to several people who helped me with this project. The biggest help was N, of course. He was so supportive and cheerfully spent the last 10 Wednesday nights at home with E. while I've been at class. I've really enjoyed becoming a mom and staying home with E. while working part time from home, and I think one of the things that has made the transition easier is that for one evening a week I was able work on a hobby I enjoy and to relax by myself. N. was very encouraging about me taking the class, which I really appreciated.
Why to watch Dawn of the Dead: Gore and social commentary.
Vendors and organizations have inherently conflicting objectives, putting the latterâ€™s
The final British withdrawal from Aden took place in November 1967 and Colonel Mitchell and the Argylls arrived back at their Plymouth garrison on 27 November. All other battalion commanders from Aden were decorated but not Mitchell. He received only a Mention in Dispatches not the expected DSO. An OBE even would not have been unexpected but politicians bore him a grudge for his heroic attitude and by the time the British withdrew completely from Aden in November 1967, Mitchell was a marked man by the elites. It was made clear there was no room in the military for Mad Mitch.
-Hairdryer for speed dry (optional)
That happened yesterday when I went to set the Christmas Brunch table and realized that I didn't have a full set of unstained white dinner napkins that matched.
For any practical reasons and stereotypes, the biggest deal of doing what one truly enjoys might not mean living “happily ever after” – but it sure brings more happiness than being “useful” and “comparable”.
Laike is a one man project that started about 1,5 years ago. Laike consists of Christofer Ståhle who has played in several different bands for many years before the Laike project. Among other things he played the flute on the album ”Beautiful Days” by Majessic Dreams, released in 2008.
Rachel (Lea Michele) learned that she’s a finalist for the New York Academy of the Dramatic Arts. Read a lot of your fb post lastnight and many of you were not amused.
This was very exciting.
Long story short, I ended up with a sunburn and slightly singed hands. Thank you, summertime.
these tides reverse,
We already know the long term suspects, Emmanuel Frimpong and the Verminator.
Even the steps on this pyramid creates a smile within my heart. They knew, the Mayans knew we would really start to understand what they left behind for us in these times. Each face/direction of the pyramid has 91 steps (completions which always house new beginnings) and when you count up all 4 sides, the steps equal 365 steps or days. This is interesting because they didn’t use our current calendar to keep time… yet… this pyramid reflects our current era calendar directly to us. They knew!!!
Craig moaned again and this time the echoing moans of the zombies in the tunnels behind them seemed to answer.
Shredded mozzarella cheese, optional
Chenna poda, an incredible Indian cheesecake from Orissa, actually we used to make many sweets like rasogollas,pedas etc from chenna aka paneer a well known Indian cheese..This irresistible cheesecake from Orissa is also prepared from homemade freshly prepared paneer along with simple ingredients..Eventhough this cake is quite famous in Orissa, its totally new for me, after missing last month's challenge coz of my surgery i was waiting eagerly for this month's challenge, when Srivalli announced Indian Cooking Challenge with this chenna poda as this month's challenge i was really excited and try out few days back this super addictive Indian cheesecake..Its turned out super prefect with a wonderful super moist texture as this recipe is prepared completely with paneer along with small quantity of rava,sugar, cashews and raisins..Thanks to Srivalli for this wonderful challenge, i simply enjoyed it..I choosed Shibani's version which sounds super easy for me also i used my silicon individual muffin mould for making this cheesecake..
There are a number of possible replies (impracticality, epistemic hurdles etc). The next argument is one of them.
Sunday April 30, 1967
What better welcome than a glass of wine? With this palate-pleasing greeting, Pearls Boutique Hotels make an impression from the outset. Relax in your gold leaf-accented shabby-chic surroundings or extra-large, polo-style suite with an in-room massage. If the great outdoors is calling, break out your bikini and head to the water or try a scenic drive—in Newport, the only problem is deciding which to do first.
She lay on her bed.
We want to see all your creations that feature food in them.
Concerning the Apostles Peter and John, we read in Acts 4:23, “And being let go they went to their own company.” This word “company” suggests their own private group. In 1 Corinthians 14:23 we read of the church coming together. In Hebrews 10:25 we read, “not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together.” So every member of God’s Church should be identified with other such members of like precious faith and should have a regular meeting-place or assembly. But every member of God’s Church, in the matter of “church membership” should faithfully obey 2 Cor. 6:14, “be not unequally yoked together with unbelievers.” And every member of God’s Church should faithfully obey Ephesians 6:18, and pray with all perseverance and supplication for all saints.
Here is an early role in the seldom-seen 1968 movie Up Tight! In an amazing scene that features a constellation of black talented actors including Raymond St. Jacques, Frank Silvera, Janet MacLachlin, Williams--sitting the almost the farthest from the camera, no less--is just devastating:
$96830
Fitter Sh*tter man,
In keeping our bookshelves practical, the Pottery Barn clock counts down to nap and bedtime, and the kleenex are essential for a baby's constant runny nose.
No more death sting
The fact that my brain never stops working! I get my best ideas at night time! I could be so close to sleeping then something comes to mind that I have to write down..so I hop out of bed and have to write it down before I forget..
Heaven favor the bold and bless the foolish…a small thought passed through her head–willing her legs to continue their ramped up activity as she continued to pick up speed at an impressive pace.
Of course, it's also been fun to have the leg hiding in my office all year. During the spring, one of my interns was in my office when I had to take a call. At some point, while I was on the call, he noticed a toe sticking out from behind a file and tentatively pulled out the leg with a look of puzzlement on his face. It took everything I had not to bust up laughing on the phone, and then had to explain to the intern after that even "professionals" (as I am of course) are permitted to be silly / twisted / not quite right in the head.
The next time that you feel that you are alone, closely look at the footprints in your path. You will probably find that they are not yours, for Jesus is carrying you when things are tough.
The defense motion offers a sense of why Nifong, too, no longer wants to talk about DNA. The motion opens with a devastating summary of Meehan’s equally devastating December 15 testimony. It notes that, according to Meehan, “the best way to approach forensic DNA analysis of evidentiary items is first to determine who can be excluded as a source.” In this case, the three players targeted by Nifong, along with all other members of the 2006 Duke lacrosse team, would comprise the excluded group.
THE THREE DEGREES = DIRTY OLD MAN ..hahaha..enjoy the jazzy breezy song.
Led by the sharp edge of trained memory, Rel took up Rissad's trail and headed roughly North, into the sunless grey canyons amid the highest towers. Clearsight remained unforgiving, telling him in exacting detail which cracks in the walls that loomed over him would eventually bring their buildings down. Silence became the ally that steadied his nerves; surely a collapsing building would roar enough warning to let him get away.
So to all those bleeding hearts countries gleefully clapping their hands and laughing “Serves you right for Apartheid” (isolating yourself from black on white hate crimes); take note of who the perpetrators are in your cozy countries of unrest, riots, civil disobedience, murder, rape and robbery. I’ll put my money on it that it’s usually a black African…..
What I lacked in quantity, I made up for in quality.
In my last post, I mentioned that Santa Clause had come to our house early. Mr. K and I don't really buy each other Christmas presents. We really enjoy shopping for the kiddos and since we tend to buy stuff we want throughout the year, and even at Christmas time!
I will be back on soon to share more pictures, updates and stories about what its like staying here at Walter Reed.
Knee surgery hurts, that's the truth!
2. No surgeon will touch her thyroid in her/its current condition
Key Lesson: Christians follow Jesus because they believe in Him; they don’t always understand the details of God’s Plan
Then got the almost-full gallon of milk out one handed.
Hand painted with love and attention to detail...You can tell by looking, that I love what I do! I am very blessed...
Climate Change Alarmist Recants: ‘I Made a Mistake’British environmental expert James Lovelock now admits he was an “alarmist” regarding global warming — and says Al Gore was too.
I have been quite faithful in maintaining my journal, or morning pages, and most days quite look forward to it. Today was no exception, however the day started off at a pace faster than I first appreciated and I missed that first crucial step, relax and write.
Vasile noted that the text is very well-written and thought out, which may seem arbitrary – but in fact worth remembering. Visions pertain to questions in the preambles, and the interpretations are calculated. Laura noted that Ezra must enter into the city in order to receive knowledge and understanding, which is quite esoteric. She was reminded of a similar story of three rabbis entering a city for knowledge in the Mishnah. Todd asked the poignant question of whether the revelation points towards the future or a present reality – this is especially worth considering with the reorientation of Judaism away from the Temple and towards the Tanakh. Nidhani noted that 4 Ezra is working through the problem of how to atone for Israel’s sin now the Temple is destroyed – how can Israel prevent another future catastrophe as warned by the visions without sacrifice? Perhaps another way is to endure punishment and to follow the law – 4 Ezra mourns the cessation of Temple sacrifice, but emphasizes the Torah (culminating in his writing it in chapter 14) and the sins of Israel from not following the Law, not improper sacrifice, eating blood, or other Temple-centred mishegas. The group wondered what 3000 years in 10.45 pertains to. We did not reach an answer on this, but it could pertain to Noah.
Brianna wears a dress from Maggie's trunk
Less waste to entropy, would mean less demand to generate more electricity, because you're not losing entropy when the sun is feeding power directly to your house. But I gather there isn't a lot of money to be made from efficiency. The more I investigate grid connected solar, the more I realise it's about complementing fossil fuels and our existing economy - not standing apart at all. It seems consumers go to the expense of buying solar panels, taking all the financial risks that involves - only for the purpose of sending power back to the grid so we can buy it back.
Cake+
With an enemy hot on his trail and his faithful demon companion determined to remove Olivia from his life, Aeron is trapped between duty and consuming desire. Worse
So I turned my focus to experience points. With the completion of each level, I calculated how many experience points to the next. I sought new avenues for gathering experience points.
What can everyone take away from this episode of the Stupid Boss Files? That owning to your responsibilities in everyday life will help you build your integrity. Integrity helps strengthen personal relationships as well as professional ones. Teaching my children about integrity has been focus area for me – especially where my youngest is concerned. Her ADHD and anxiety make her a particular target for irresponsibility and I cannot emphasize to her enough that everyone makes mistakes, but what will set you apart from others is your ability to own up to your mistakes and to take your consequences with dignity.
Conditioned polymer clay.
Well Miss Kimber as you turn the big 40... I just want you to know.. I'm NOT there yet! ;) hehe
The next step in my journey to learn about dirt was at an organic soil prep workshop. One of the first things that the Master Gardener made us understand is that grass is persistent. Unless you completely pull up ALL of the roots, you will not get rid of it and it will grow back. This is why when you compost grass, it should only be grass clippings and not roots: you don't want your compost bin or where you incorporate your compost to start sprouting grass. The areas that are going to be dug up in our yard won't be terribly deep, so we figured that unless we spend A LOT of time sifting that dirt it won't be terribly useful thanks to that persistent grass.
We added tons of comfy sitting space. The outdoor set we bought includes a coffee table that doubles as extra storage, which is great for tucking away the cushions when it's raining. We added a few plants and grew our own basil, which you can see just poking out at the left of the photo above. The mirror is a new addition, and it reflects all of the greenery in the backyard.
Congrats again to Paula!
I found statistics for 1987-2008 on the old CUC website, but couldn’t get numbers for the recent three years as yet.
The King Said:
Priests may indeed rely more heavily upon the support of the faithful for their existence, as is proper to their position. So I think the defence of priests against the charge of "parasitism" may fall more heavily on the second factor. However, it should be recalled that in the Middle Ages, the only time that humanity came close to 1/4 of the population being religious or cleric, the great majority (probably as much as 9/10ths) of vocations were as lay brothers or sisters. As such, I would argue that if we got closer to the sorts of numbers I mentioned in "Why Marriage is Overrated", the greatest increase in numbers would be monastic.
By all accounts, the ­procedure seems to have been a ­disaster. Instead of a lovely, new look, Mrs Johnson was left with the same old face, only with the unwelcome addition of a terrible new twitch.
He tucked it to his chest and leaned closer. “I’ll make sure to return it the next time I see you.”
FMF Racing founder and owner, Don Emler, had a simple vision for the company when he started it in his garage back in 1973: Provide top-level U.S. racing equipment at the grassroots level. Thirty nine years later, FMF racing is known for delivering the world’s top performance exhaust products, as well as premium custom apparel for the entire motorsports market, which includes all of its enthusiasts and fans. From Supercross, Motocross, Off-Road, Endurocross, FMX & Freeriding, all the way to Streetbike & Pavement Racing. Don’s vision continues to guide the family operated company, which has expanded into a 90,000 square foot state-of-the-art design and manufacturing facility in the heart of Los Angeles, CA. FMF houses the world’s best design and production teams in the U.S.A. under one roof.
You bullocks, crowned with garlands, stand at the full trough,
On another topic I had a good chat with my mate Carrie tonight, we don’t do it often yet it’s lovely when we do eventually catch up!
In HOD Beyond this week the younger girls learned about Johnny Appleseed.
Let's take a look at what Brian sent my way. First up is the card responsible for this sudden change of heart:
Jane Fonda was saying something about the desire for independence vs. the need to be loved.
The hills stepped on him like ants,
I have been losing it trying with these men…..This Year of 2012. I Want to only date you. I want to be in a relationship with you!!!! I want it to be me and you! Lord. If only for this year! but relationships are not one way. I need you to be in this with me.
And to finish my gift for Fiona Marie swap " the Great Global Christmas Swap" is ready to fly to New Zealand !
Converts 110/120 V to 220/240 V OR converts 220/240 V to 110/120V
The super high-gloss paint is subtle, but I love how it shines on the cabinets! I couldn't put regular ol' pulls in a room like this, so these bright ceramic knobs are perfect for the Colonial Mexican style.
He admitted that it didn't matter what colour the sky really was that day, he would always paint it SKY BLUE. PUSB! PUSB! Magritte must have been a Coventry City fan werhoooooo!
Ok, so image inserting looks...cooler. I'll give you that. What else do I need to test atm?
The House of Discarded Dreams by Ekaterina Sedia - Sedia's latest is her wildest book to date, which says something if you've delved into The Alchemy of Stone or The Secret History of Moscow. Review to come. Highly recommended.
Copyright Hurtled to 60 and Now Beyond 2012 and AarTee Photography 2012
They always perform dressed up in white overalls (used by painters to protect their clothing), with hoods over their heads.
Contrast the above to this second student who has clearly found the right formula and put the numbers into the correct spot, but can’t use a calculator properly or recognise that the answer the calculator has given them is totally wrong. This is a student with very little understanding of the question or of the concept. A “formula” driven student who has probably experienced some success in the past but is totally out of sorts when asked something outside their comfort zone.
4. Bunkhouse Bugle Boy
EQEHF Blog (eqehfblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Jenny Jones? Green? Er, enough said. A bit like Paddick but with less forced anal sex. But more windmills and tofu.
As a youngster he became a production assistant at various Bristol Theatres. In 1917, barely in his teens, he joined Bob Pender’s Knockabout Comedians. The company toured the provinces for the next couple of years. In 1920, they boarded the Olympic for a booking in America. The troupe opened at the Hippodrome in a revue called “Good News”, which ran for 9 months. In 1921 they toured the Keith Circuit, with a final gig at the Palace in 1922.
Again this week, she was wanting to be nearer to me, so my friend suggested some Ergo time. It is amazing what that does for her! We went on a family walk yesterday and I wore her on my back and O-Bear on my front, and this is what it looked like:
Cardboard circle (about the size of a quarter)
Normally this would require a tool such as a Kreg Jig, but I'm not fancy enough to own one yet, so I made counter sink holes using a drill bit. I also took a skinny drill bit and made a pilot hole to help aid the screw in straight through both pieces.
The bit I found most interesting was a comment from one of the authors on the BBC report that said "...offer the possibility of new ways of treating high-risk individuals to develop better 'self control'" ... Really? The simple fact is that in over 7 years of recovery now I've not found a single alcoholic that can develop better self-control - we normally have spent several years in that battle, I had. There was no control possible I had to stop - but then the difficulty with the stopping was huge as alcohol ruled my life by then. Also all those I've met have reached some point of "rock bottom" - that doesn't have to be homeless, on the street, daily drinking but some form of emotional, spiritual, emotional or health rock bottom that has made them just give up the fight. All forms of rationalisation should, you would have thought, brought them to the understanding that they couldn't and shouldn't drink like they did a long time before that point.
Sift together almond meal, flour, cinnamon, baking soda, baking powder, salt, nutmeg, ginger, all spice, red and black ground peppercorns. Set aside.
The internecine battles currently being waged between Gnu atheists and their accommodationist brethren and sistren continue to divide supporters of science who otherwise are natural allies. One front in this war is the issue of what and how we scientists, science teachers, and science boosters should communicate.
The Vegetarian Wrap is advertised as a soft spinach flour tortilla filled with grilled portobello mushrooms, roasted red bell peppers, arugula and balsamic dressing $8. Although this was better executed and much tastier than the cubano, it was still quite plain and unastounding. The veggies were nicely done and fresh tasting. They were incredibly juicy, though, making the wrap messy to eat.
Watching the shopping trolleys bob on the water alongside discarded tyres and sandals.
After these two, there is just one novel left by Green, and then, I will be left waiting for his next publication. I’ve been through this before, falling in love with an author and consuming her/his books too soon without savoring the pages, the moments. I know the pain. Yet I can’t help myself. I am ____ years older than Green’s target audience, but I am still captivated by his writing and his creativity and his compelling, original, beautiful characters. I am a Greeniac. A Greenhard? A Greenmachine. And I don’t want it to end. But just as Pudge learns in Alaska:“Everything that comes together falls apart.”
While PAN is a 10-digit alphanumeric number allotted by the I-T Department to taxpayers, biometrics is a biological method to identify physical features of an individual.
Please note- If you become a Gold Ambassador (like us) and share the challenge with 3 others while you are on it, yours will be free. If you share it will more than 3 people, you will get paid from Shaklee…can’t beat that, right?- ask me for more details.
So, as a result of the ass-clowns at En***ld, I heretofore submit the following:
-Jackson (7months) has already tried quite a few bits of grown up foods. I know some moms are really strict about not introducing table food until a certain age, which I totally respect. I have given Jackson tiny mushed up bits of Ritz crackers, a tiny piece of the white middle part of an Oreo (which he loved), he has licked a sucker, and had some tiny mushed up pieces of a brownie. I think I worried more about following all the baby rules with my first two babies, thinking I might break them or something, but with Jackson I am much more relaxed. Of course he is very supervised while trying these things and we do not do any peanut products(in case of allergies) or honey(I can't remember why, but I remember people saying not to give babies honey before a certain age).
Smoke and mirrors
On that note, I think I should run/walk before the girls get up.
How are you to have a convincing villain if your “hero” acts all nonchalant about offing a random person? I’ll tell you. You get William Forsythe to act ridiculously over the top from the get-go. And that’s exactly what we get. Forsythe’s character happens to be blocking traffic and a random women who’s trying to get by says “Move your damn car.” His reaction is to get out of his car and shoot her in the head. Clearly this is what director John Flynn felt they had to show so the villain could be seen as a threat to the hero.
When we step, he steps and when our legs buckle beneath us, his outstretched arms reach for us.
first fiery blossom,
The bedroom they shared is advertised to let,
2103.***E-I/28/2002. On the costs and benefits of the massive folly of legalized gambling. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-24.)
Grape Man 2: “No. A carwosh. Carwosh. You know. They put – “
“Do not regard lightly the discipline of the Lord, nor be weary when reproved by Him. For the Lord disciplines the one He loves, and chastises every son whom He receives.” (Hebrews 12:5-6)
Hyperphosphatemia Therapeutics under Development by Companies 10
o and Japan Tobacco International have brought a high court case to Australian Courts.
So there you have it. 12 amazing uses for club soda. Next time you have some club soda that is about to go flat or left over from a party try using it clean a mug or faucet or let is go flat and give your plants a healthy treat.
(playing catch up)
- Gennady Ilyin / vocals and keyboards
So yeah, I miss a lot of things, but I know that once I’m back, I’ll miss California.
The change of moving our life to Bedford has been one of challenge and breakthrough. There is evidence of both in my life! The challenges for us are obvious – kids finding school very tough, making new friends, the cost of leaving people and a place we loved, many tears and insecurities. It is honestly painful.
~William Stafford
I also disagree that there are certain "core subjects" that must be learned. As far as I'm concerned, a healthy community is made up of many people with many different skills, experiences, and knowledge bases. The things that are important for each individual to learn are those important to that individual. The idea of "gaps in knowledge" at all is pretty ridiculous, actually, when everyone can agree that there is a colossal amount of information out there. No one can hope to absorb any more than a tiny fraction of the accumulated knowledge available to them, so everyone no matter what their education will have "gaps"! It's just a matter of whether the knowledge you do have is of your own choosing, knowledge that is meaningful and worthwhile to you, or whether it's chosen by someone else, and forced down your throat "for your own good".
but i'm just wondering,
Striving to repeat the positive action
The Two Sweeps
Many IUSB Vision readers will remember substantive multi-part analysis which had gone viral on the internet with some of our posts on the subject still getting hundreds of hits per day; these posts being the most popular - HERE, HERE, HERE, HERE, HERE, HERE, HERE, HERE and HERE.
Allie was so excited to see so many entries for this last challenge. Her owner Pattie, is announcing the Winner in the Winner's Corner at the sidebar.
Yesterday Tom Watson Mp quizzed Hunt in the Commons, asking: “Are we to believe these emails and texts are the work of a single rogue adviser?”. Watson Hacking at Hunts legs.
Best of all, clipix is FREE, fast and easy to set up. I think it took me about 10 seconds to get signed up and "Clipping" my favorites to my new boards. Clipix has made it really easy to start clipping, they've even made it possible to simply drag the Clip tool to your toolbar so you can get started in seconds. You can re-clip other people's clips, comment on them, share clips on Facebook and Twitter, and they even have an App, so you can Clip on the go.
Well, there hasn't exactly been a summer here in Ireland, but I've finished my free giveaway of PERIL on Smashwords. If you downloaded it then I hope you enjoy the trials and tribulations of Ger Mayes. All reviews gratefully received - the good, the bad and the ugly.
Jake makes it back to his hometown, and suddenly, the black sheep is the brave leader that no one realized he could be, beneath the criminal mischief and running away from everyone he ever knew and all that. Need to hide from fallout? Jake’ll hide you safely in a mine, even if he has to blow up the entrance to seal you in from the elements. Yeah, Skeet is bad-ass.
4 tbs black soy sauce
I haven’t shopped in LUSH since I was 13, (8 years ago!) the reasons for this being 1) living nowhere near a LUSH store and 2) never really feeling the need to buy freshly made products or responsibility sourced ingredients.
But then Mike was there with me every single step of the way, reassuring me. He reminded me that it was hot, other people in the race were struggling too, and this course was brutal. He told me to stop looking at my watch, forget about the time, and remember that simply finishing a marathon is a feat in itself, not matter how you get there. I really and sincerely thought about quitting, but something inside me just wouldn’t allow it. I did not come this far to give up. As we approached mile marker 21, Mike offered to stay with me for the rest of the race, but I told him no. I needed to finish this journey on my own. We stopped for a moment, he kissed me on the forehead and said, “No matter what happens, I love you and I am so proud of you. I’ll see you at the finish line.” And that was all I needed.
Canada's Immigration and Refugee Board granted Huntley's application last August after finding him a credible witness.
On my way had to make a quick stop at Vinnies, to buy a slip cos’ I was having a wardrobe malfunction – of the “skirt sticks to leggings and rides up un-attractively” kind. Crisis averted I purchased my ticket to Redfern and was off on the train.
It is critical for new competitors to understand that a physique competition is just that…a competition. If a high placing in a show has a good fall-out for you with regard to modelling or acting opportunities, then you are very fortunate. But no one should develop any firm expectations for winning a show other than a medal or trophy and some nice photos that you can look upon fondly in years to come.
Ipinaliwanag niya sa isang sulat at pinaalala ko lang sa kanya, well, bata si Mai baka yung akala niyang gawain na simple ay hindi niya narealize ang implications. I’m more or less convinced that she realizes what was done.
Fringe – hair that’s over your face. They called them bangs in Anne of Green Gables, so maybe that’s the word still used.
Actually, yes, it will. I've put the kids to bed, I'm having a cup of Get Some Zzzzs, and I'm watching "Ace of Cakes." The cats and dog are sleeping, The Man is out for a drink at the new beer bar that just opened down the street, and I'm weighing the options of sleep vs. Stephen Colbert.
This is where I am at this morning... I want these children to never leave our home. Ever. I have cried so many tears in the last 2 days at the mere thought of it. Our home has been a revolving door for the broken, the wanderer and the fatherless for the last 13 years of our marriage. I get ZERO credit for this. In fact I have fought God almost every time He brings new people and every time He takes them out. You see, I want stability in my circumstances. He wants stability in my soul. I want happiness, He wants me to have deep, everlasting JOY! In my pride I want people to look at our life and see order, He wants people to look at our life and see that He is the order in our chaos. I want people to see I have it all together, He wants people to see that I will be a fool for Christ!
I hope I am happier with the new black painted ones I also had a couple of old purple frames which I am painting black since the paint on them has started to chip..............
First star I see tonight…
I haven’t had the pleasure myself. But my flock keep me informed of their goings ons, they seem to be somewhat troublesome, and even thirsty late in the night.
623000 Nursing & residential care facilities
Sandy Newell, Volunteers for Adult Literacy
She brought herself back to the present as the launch ate up the intervening miles of ocean and Bimini appeared on the horizon. Tom, a biologist working in his natural shark nursery in the crook of the island, was finally having to come to terms with the ‘real world’. His nursery was under threat of development. That was why the Green Turtle offer was so important for them to check out.
The result made Real Madrid wait until at least their trip to Athletic Bilbao, later on Wednesday night, to win the La Liga title. Read More
Well, with The Avengers finally out and winning worldwide acclaim, it looks like superhero films have finally hit their stride and become worth talking about again – it’s been a long time coming with a lot of steep roads, but finally we have some viable superhero flicks to lead the genre and prove that it isn’t a big half-assed joke just made to cash in on the comic books. Indeed, we certainly have come a long way since movies like the 2003 Hulk film with Eric Bana, a movie so lame and so boring that it feels like you yourself are getting a radioactive zap straight to the brain. And yes, I did just use a joke that bad. I should be ashamed, but then again, I’m still better than the people who made THIS.
that beautiful melody
I found my new favorite breakfast recipe! Yields two large glasses.
It is officially that time of the year again. Although it is still a little chilly out, mostly due to humidity, the return of outdoor activities is in full swing. Besides the regular running outdoors (which I started sometime ago) other activities are starting to come back just begging good weather to come back to our fine city.
7. Proofing information - do you need a printed mock-up or will a PDF work just fine?
Faces that I don't understand
An example of how traditional towns are alive and not ossified or museums is Kings Lynn. It has rows of historic buildings near the Great River Ouse and in use. Architecture and history merge here and the locals have a living history and belong to something enduring. I often criticise councillors for treating their cities as personal property to dispose of at will but I must pay homage to a Kings Lynn councillor. She saw me rapt in taking photographs and came to ask me what I thought of the buildings. “Breathtaking” I replied. We talked about its beauty and she told of the fight to keep it and how many locals “don’t know what they have”. Unfortunately I was pre-occupied with photography and she was in company and so did not get her name. But I pay homage to this lady with both taste and the conviction to stand up for these marvellous buildings.
I’ve been thinking recently about the “insignificant-due-to-survival” effect. I can’t help but feel that now that all is said and done, and the transplant was successful, everything that I’ve been through (my bipolar diagnosis to which there is no cure, my cancer treatment, my rehabilitation and recovery) is “not that big a deal” because I survived. As if really, I’m okay today, so how bad could it really have been? What one experiences gives you so much character and nobody will ever fully know to what extent you innately comprehend and empathize with others, which is a great deal. Your experiences give you an understanding that the majority doesn’t share. It’s a blessing and a curse. I ponder sometimes, if ignorance really is bliss. I’m sorry for those who feel diminished in comparison to others’ experiences. Our experiences make us so uniquely individual yet so universally relevant.
For there is none besides You,
We've finally gotten much needed rain and I don't mind the dreariness at all.
Lee even proposes in all seriousness that in the future, insured individuals who don’t measure their vital signs and who ignore health tips should pay higher insurance premiums. “There is a lot of compatibility to the automobile market; the more accidents you have, the higher your premiums go,” he points out.
I pulled the trigger on an order of 100 1" magnetized bases from Litko (thanks to this feller for the heads up on that - I'd somehow missed the magnetic option in their base customization drop down) They make these on demand, so I have no idea when they'll actually ship.
9. Dino's Song
After the breakfast, we went back to the room, took a bath and check-out the hotel.
The decline in AFR seems to have been real, and not an artefact of incomplete marriage and birth records. In fact, the church registers provide exceptionally detailed birth and marriage data. Nor was it an artefact of an influx of people with lower AFRs. Almost everyone on Île aux Coudres is descended from thirty families who settled the island between 1720 and 1773.
Chair of the judges Michelle Berriedale-Johnson said: “For years dairy free and vegan manufacturers have struggled to make a really tasty ‘cheese’ substitute but they have never been able to crack it. Which makes Vegusto’s achievement so exciting.”
As soon as the threat was over and the feeling came back to my feet we got out and I was either talking to my mom or Levi on the phone making sure the threat was completely over. Then I heard it. The cry that trumps all other cries. You know it. The cry that indicates there is blood or broken bones or dark purple bruises. This time it was blood. Lots and lots of it.
Part of me secretly didn't care how they survived the brutal chopping. If they died then at least I could plant what I wanted to plant- at least that is my logic.
The dress below is from Dahlia on ASOS in the sale and it's the prettiest thing ever! Apologies for the bad lighting, the weather has been truly awful (gale force winds?!) so I've not been able to snap a pic outside for you guys yet. The contrast material in black makes this dress super flattering. As much as I love Dahlia, I would definitely be hesitant to purchase this at full price which was originally £65 on Asos (however, I know they mark it up a little from the actual Dahlia website) just because of the quality of the material. It IS very lovely though and I can't wait to wear it with thick tights, cardigans and then bare legged in the Summer!
Of those early breweries, the first to get a product to the supermarket in Oregon was Full Sail, which began bottling beers shortly after its founding in 1987. It was a modest beginning. Their first year, they brewed but 2,000 barrels, and their operation looked more like large scale homebrewing than small-scale commercial brewing. After they brewed a batch, two employees bottled and capped the beer by hand while the receptionist prepared the labels with glue in the office.
“When we get close, Bertie,” Reginald solemnly commenced with his strategy, “I expect The Beast will be away, but if it returns before we are done, I want you to distract it as best you can without putting yourself in danger. Do you understand?”
It was a BOX OF SUNSHINE!!!!!
Now, back to the beginning: Everything you have or will read is false, including this. Or not.
“Are you single?”
There have always been transvestites. There have always been homosexuals. There have always been pædophiles. In the case of fetishists, be it those who like to dress up in rubber, latex, clothes of the opposite sex, bondage, or whatever, so long as their kinkiness remains in the bedroom and remains between consenting adults of the opposite sex, it doesn't harm anyone. Many men like women to wear high heels as it alters the shape of the calf muscle. Many women find uniforms arousing due to their association with masculine and brave men such as firemen. These could be called fetishes of sorts, but they are harmless. Homosexuality and pædophilia are harmful to everyone involved, and in the case of Mr Rose, his particular quirk has crossed from the realm of the peculiar into that which is dangerous.
As we walked back towards the chapel, the strains of a melodious chorus singing a joyful hymn came from inside, and then the side-door opened. Out came a bride and groom, snow-white gown and black tux, amid the guests spilling out to greet them.
~ Let rest for another 10 mins then brush with beaten egg, sprinkle some fine sugar and topped with cheddar cheese.
silent and dying,
Then assemble the whole thing in one big bowl - butternut squash puree first, then chunks of chicken, then leeks, then gravy.
2) Roughly mash it.
5. It was originally thought that the Sea Devils would also appear in this episode but it was just The Silurians mask that they were wearing in the Series 5 trailer.
at The Corson Cottage. We truly appreciate all of you so much.
As long as the preeminent position of US imperialism brought home super-profits after WWII, infrastructure, education, technology and industry (particularly the military-industrial complex) created a high demand for labor. Rising wages increasingly came with labor peace, enabling the labor bureaucracy to transform itself into a self-perpetuating dues collection agency that acted in its own interests, abandoning class conflict for the “rational” road of arbitration, lawsuits, legislation, and buying politicians.
At home, you get to clean for days in advance and then cook and clean up after your guests and hope that they will one day leave.
"Oh, I really liked it," she replied, "especially the tight pants and all the big muscles. But I just couldn't understand why they were killing each other over 25 cents."
I am more resolute because all have denied me than I could ever have
Edited to add direct links.
The media is no different in it's indifference to white male victims, it has been mentioned before, but if you go to the BBC news web site and put the name of Kriss Donald, the victim of one of the most brutal, and sadistic race hate crimes to have occurred in Britain in recent decades, into the search engine, you will get a total of 4 results, put in the name of Stephen Lawrence, and you will get 122.
Rose Garden
I did not follow up with the consultant to schedule a party or make an order, but I never completely forgot about Thirty-One either. I really wanted one of their “skirt purses” that allow you to change the look of your purse without having to transfer all of the contents. You buy either a black or a brown purse and choose a free “skirt”. You can then purchase additional “skirts”.
Round 4: Ch 3. *2 dc in next dc, dc in next 2 dc, repeat from * around. Join to top ch of ch 3. (40)
It sounds like a good idea: document a single day on earth (July 24, 2010) by getting people all around the world to send in clips. A team led by Kevin Macdonald (who’s given the title of ‘director’ for some reason) sifted through 81,000 contributions to create a film that’s, um, halfway between a documentary and a highlights reel.
dark lager,” Bill confirmed when I asked about the beer’s origins, “but with this two-step Mother Nature intervention, it came out more like a Czech dark lager.” It was quite a change, too; Bill looked back in the brewing records while we were talking, and while Dark Lager was usually around 5%, back in 2009 it went up to 5.7%...which is more where I think Ron originally wanted the beer.
My memories are gone
Blabber went running about with her "it's a rare disease" shout while Glory Dear stuffed Miss Priss and I with food and The Blue Guy started starring at the rest of the brood. Blabber's pet tarsier tried to help but even he was scared of your hypochondriac yelp. Irish Air was trying to speak but it seems we were all up the creek. For no one could talk or even walk until his eyes were through with their slot machine view. He looked toward Irish Air and you can tell she wanted to chop off that eejit's pair. In his gaze came a blaze and things got dire. For Irish Air sported a head of fire. She rain to Petsy's fountain to put it out but then began to shout. For the fountain had been turned to liquor and her head burned quicker.
Hi everyone! I have missed blogging over the last couple weeks. I have had a lot of personal things to deal with and just haven't been able to craft or blog. I will be back commenting on blogs soon (I miss all of your creations)! Below is a fun spooky card I made for this week's The Digi Bistro This to That Tuesday Challenge. The challenge is to use a tag on your card/project.
Wishing you all warm smiles...
In the aftermath of some high-profile cases of children bullying each other, many states have adopted legislation to try to counter bullying. Forty states have adopted measures to specifically address cyberbullying or electronic harassment, according to the Cyberbullying Research Center. The researchers define cyberbullying as persistent electronic harassment over the Internet or mobile phones.
That's right, it is a 3-day intensive (and I mean INTENSIVE!!) workshop where we will be covering aspects of shooting/posing/lighting, workflow/editing, and business/branding. I am not joking when I say this will be a very packed 3 days - the syllabus is very full, with ALOT of information to take in, and then apply and execute, so expect your brain to be hurting a little by the end of it all :)
And I followed it up with a big bowl of peanut butter brownie trifle.
I tapped it yesterday and it was the first pint pulled through my new, twin beer engine.
As if a sock monkey is ever lacking in personality.
Brand New Power Acoustik PADVD-360 In-Dash Sloat Load DVD/DVD-R/MP3/MP4/ Divx/CD/CDR/CDRW Player With Built in SD Card Reader, USB Input and Remote Control
When you understand the magic of physiology and the fun of biology, you’ll know what actions to take—and why you’re taking them—to reboot your body back to where it wants to be. Just as when you’re trying to help a tantruming toddler or kick-start a frozen computer, you can’t fix it unless you know what’s wrong. Know the why, and it’s much easier to handle the how—when you need to. Let’s face it, we’re not going to be sitting next to you at 10:30 p.m. when you’re pilfering a Pop-Tart. So you need to be equipped with knowledge of how your body works and reacts to that Pop-Tart so that you can defend against the little sugar-coated bugger.
When I got to the park he showed me some knives. Just to show me and we chit chatted a bit. Then we walked over to an area less populated. The place was packed. Yesterday was mostly him showing me some basic moves, talking to me and I think him getting an idea of where I am at, which is about zero.
“Jay, what the hell do you mean?” she huffed.
1. Lalala... Roll out some gum paste to the usual transparent-ish, chomp out some petals with a cutter.
‘I associate my careless boyhood with all that lies on the banks of the Stour. Those scenes made me a painter, and I am grateful ....’
The Dovells from West Philadelphia reached Number Two in the fall of 1961 with “Bristol Stomp”: whomping kick drum and snare, ride cymbal, tambourine, one guitar, three doo-wopping Overbrook High grads in back, and the tremendously tremulous white-soul lead vocal of 19 year-old Leonard Borisoff. It’s simple, sloppy, careening and pounding—in other words, Rock and Roll. A few minor hits followed over the next two years, mostly cash-in attempts at exploiting the next teen dance sensation (Jitterbug, The New Continental, Hully Gully, Froog, The Monkey), though outside of Philadelphia, none came close to reaching the heights of “Bristol Stomp.” With one exception.
Rose's Heavenly Cakes, Page 325: Mini Vanilla Bean Pound Cakes
But, not so fast! She looks at me and says, "Wow. You're a really dizzy person."
21. Tequila Makes Her Clothes Fall Off -- Joe Nichols
MRR: Where do you find gigs?
Then we travelled on to Chitterne, in the middle of Salisbury Plain, Wiltshire 2703 where we interviewed a witness who told us of a remarkable event that happened in the Summer of 1977, involving the sighting of a UFO over Cley Hill Farm. The incident was to leave his Aunt Janet’s face tanned through exposure to the object. On the following morning, the family found a small burn ring in the lawn and brickwork damaged and burnt.
A very handsome little frog - a creamy fawn colour with black markings.
Figure 1: Sample Heat Chart
Okay, one more thing. Am I the only one who wonders how Young Gul is the Fashion King? So far, we’ve only seen him design the coat when in America and the two dresses he’s made. Other than that, all he has done is copy designs (At the beginning of the series) or use Ga Young’s. Where is his growth as a designer? So far, all we’ve see is basically a businessman at work. Why isn’t he growing as a designer?Right now, my only thought is, STILL SEVEN MORE TO GO?! o_0
I present you two reasons not to fear the consumate pirate in the best damn conference on college football.
April: Bud Shank, Randy Cain, Bea Arthur
It means, first, that the place of duty, however humble, is the place of vision. And it means, second, that it is men who have kept to the deep, simple pieties of life and have not lost the child heart to whom the gates of the Kingdom most readily open.
Perhaps you need something else, some bird less desperate, Someone who likes living without the 'it doesn't usually happen' plea's.
Love love love love love love love love love love this programme!
Last Wednesday I got all gussied up in my good jeans, high heels and full makeup for a night out with my girlfriends. But before I hit the town, I bribed my kids with a trip to the ice cream store.
Now, you have to wonder… is that the action of a woman with nothing to hide? Is that the action of a concerned employer responding to a concerned client? In taking this action it strikes me that Pecksniff reveals her guilt. She also believes, no doubt, that she has “got rid” of us and that in doing so, she has removed Angela’s champions.
that... to purposely cause pain is costly but to love without
Well, their main purpose is to promote sustainable living and food sovreignity in the villages in this area. The NGO is 25 years old, but they (and the communities, because it's all grassroots) have accomplished amazing things.
We are still trying to juggle the days and the nights and to get the right mix of milongas and taking lessons and training. There are just not enough hours in the day.
In fact, Ben Bernanke’s current policy of zero percent interest rates and Quantitative Easing where the Fed buys bonds and mortgages – the specific goal of that is to keep interest rates lower to prop up the housing market. That is an admission by the Fed that low interest rates make housing prices higher than they otherwise would be. So the Fed is acknowledging that interest rates can determine house prices, yet the Fed is saying that interest rates had no effect on house prices during the bubble – which is nonsense: if it wasn’t for the low interest rates, there would not have been a housing bubble.
But let’s get back to the food joints, Kaanagam was popular for a cup of chaaia (the best cup of tea you’ll ever have!), Runs made (the best) mutton korma with kerala parota and Coronet cooked (the best bl..dy) prawn and fish buryaani, and to top it all you could pay when you (or any of the above mentioned friends) had the money. The only condition was that you had to be from Madras Catering!!
So, wanna see my mess?
uyuni, in bolivia, is known mainly for being right on the edge of huge salt flats, a unique tourist attraction. just outside of town, however is a junkyard for trains. for anyone fascinated by things mechanical, a visit here offers an incredible experience.
The beginning of the school summer holidays is perhaps not the best time to attract the attention of teachers and school librarians with an idea! But, hey, I like to live dangerously.
Happy Birthday Ray and Al!!!!!
A box of chocolates from some Japanese guests we received at the office today. Aren't they pretty! I've never had Japanese chocolates before, so I'm really excited to try them! No, it's not a holiday here in Indonesia on Thanksigiving day. Business as usual...
Oh the irony of it, Prescunt, the shambling class warrior and former cruise ship waiter a craven coward who quite litrally jumped onboard to avoid national service.
Bristol is a fine city but new developments there are ugly, standard developments that you see all over the country. Like other enjoyable cities Bristol has appealing natural features like its Floating Harbour which goes half way into the city. Bristol is, unfortunately, following the fad for apartment blocks that are layered or serrated which are being slapped up all over the country.
She did this outstanding painting depicting this theme. As she painted the scripture was read. Then our worship team started playing. It was such an incredible experience for our Easter service.
So it is no surprise that he found that older women were more moral. In my studies too I have found that older women were more prone to to "faking good" (i.e. have high lie scale scores).
Lilly: "Guess what I'm naming my character!"
Giving children the chance to experiment a little will help them to develop their own strengths and interests. They will possibly even hone their fine motor skills in the process. Taking away some of the “recommended” rules that limit exploration can give little ones more room and opportunity in which to grow and learn.
1064 **D-I/5/1990. “On Montaigne, Death and Philosophy: Essays, I, 20, A Preliminary Inquiry.” First Friday Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, The Cultural Center, Chicago Public Library, Chicago, Illinois. Dedicated to the memory of Anne M. Cohler (1940-1989). (Incorporated in Item C-2001(6), above, pp. 342-57.)
Around here, we enjoyed a great, long weekend of beautiful springtime weather.
that I can have you
Some-days I choose to be happy my jaw aches from the clenching and bearing, some days the weight and the fear,the pure exhaustion of the daily mountain of shame, grief and sorrow, kick my tush into the back of my walk-in- closet for a good cry. Then I CHOOSE to walk out of that closet, wipe my nose, and take that mountain step by every loving step.
#4 Paranormal Activity (2009)
It truly was that car wreck on the side of the road that you rubberneck to see the bloody body parts strewn across the road.
12. The owner who smokes Blue Master drinks beer
I was finding all sorts of things to put on my own list. I had to interrupt my daughter, pulling her away from the dessert table to show her "just one more thing". Finally, pressed for time, I had to dash through the isles to take a few photos for you all.
Drafting Biotechnology Cases
Every year I say that this is the year that I am going to read the bible from cover to cover. I have said this every single year for ages. I have decided that this is the year. I downloaded this bible from Barnes and Noble for my ipad. It splits the bible into sections that you read each day for the year. So far (I know, it's only day four!) I am on track and up to date.
When I first got this I just thought it would be water in a can but i've actually got so much use out of it. It resided in my bad throughout those few warmer weeks and was great for refreshing my skin and my makeup. I also can't wait to get some of this for my holiday, a smaller can will be fab for the plane.
"I'm dying," Tom croaked.
*Must be linked back to the challenge blog
I'm beautiful.
“It’s getting the newcomer award. Since it’s an award you can only get once in your lifetime, we absolutely want to receive it. All of our company’s seniors received it so we’re worried about whether we’ll be the only one not receiving it.”(Suho)
Simonstern didn't like entering the Mournland at all, not even the border. The death of flesh and construct was still thick in the air. However, he still needed to meet his adversary.
For our boast (NASB has “proud confidence”) is this, the testimony of our conscience, that we behaved in the world with simplicity and godly sincerity, not by earthly wisdom but by the grace of God, and supremely so toward you.
I know you’re sad
On the "Fairy" bag I have used more candy, and one of my favorite Lindsay Mason "Funstamps", called Dotty Flower, I just love this and use it all the time. It is quite large and very detailed, and really easy to stamp and cut out.
Beyond Babel: How does DSC propose to empower the marginalised?
This is the lesson that ANC President Jacob Zuma should also take to heart when he hails Obama's victory. But judging from the statements emanating from Zuma himself, as well as his family and the ANC, it seems the real insights escape them. They are still bound by the shackles of race, and see everything through a racial lens. They see Obama's victory as a racial victory.
You may see a gal or a guy passing multi color cards to train passengers. They are not passing you information booklets. It is a note telling you they need money to feed their family and a little donation for their train tickets would be helpful. It is up to you how you wish to react – decline the cards or give them a bit of money. It happens at several train stops so don’t be surprised.
25. A picture of your favorite day
On the day of Clayton’s execution, the narrator uses the telecrtroscope and discovers that the inventor is still alive in another country. Clayton is cleared of the first crime, but since someone’s clearly been murdered, he’s tried for the second. Through some judicial tautology, because he was pardoned for a crime he didn’t commit, his is still guilty of the murder that did happen but wasn’t the correct murder. The narrator calls this “French justice,” of the sort of the Dreyfus affair which declared that all decisions by the court are permanent. Clayton is executed.
I decided that the universe must really want me to come up with a better, fuller answer.
Det Vic Mackey "I don't step back...I step up"
Now, on with the card. My youngest daughter's birthday is this Friday and she loves hummingbirds so when I saw this stamp at the Paper Pickle had to get it - they actually rent out stamps and I had a coupon for a free stamp rental - sweet! Of course, I stamped it numerous times but this one was one of my favourites so it goes to her.
B1 - Je Suis Seule
Moral: Dressage comes FIRST, not last!
A program can not be limited with a linear sequence of code. There have to be some repetition of same code for particular number of times. To make this repetition we use control structures in all languages mostly.
Likewise, while it is slightly annoying – having produced several hundred pieces of writing since the age of about seven (including a novel, which has so far seen 3 years of re-writes) – to have a blog post, produced in 15 minutes, described as “your best bit of writing yet”, I have to remember that I wasn’t always very good at sharing my work, and my baby brother has almost certainly read less than 1% of the writing I have produced.
I also got a know-how when I erase my eyeliner. You put eye makeup remover on a tissue, you put it still on your eyes so the makeup melts, then you can just wipe it off at once with cotton. At first it was hard since I couldn’t open my eyes but now I’m good at it. Before doing my debut, I couldn’t imagine I’d use makeup in my life…. Now I understand why women put on makeup. Hehe.
So now, all I can say to myself is: Way to go girl, you’re on track.
on time worn path
I went with a single loop handle and attached them to the middle of the bag with one strap for each. You can see on my friend's bag that she went with the half-loop handles that attach to the bag in two places, requiring a total of four straps. There are pros and cons to each, but really it's your preference.
Another news source www.wftv.com
Given that, it would have been easy for this book to fall prey to hyperbole and hero worship. After all, not only is this the story behind what the book calls “the greatest ad ever written” – Volkswagen’s “Think Small” ad – it also intersects with the ad agency and the people who were the primary drivers of advertising’s creative revolution of the 1960s.
If I did not have help with the stroller and stairs, I probably would have put the baby in the Beco and just slung the folded-up stroller over my shoulder (there is a strap for that). Once I exited the subway system, then I would have put the baby back in the stroller. It wouldn't have been super easy, but certainly would have been do-able.
**I apologize for the sheer harshness and negativity conveyed within this piece. Writing this seemed to be the only way that I could vent the rollcoaster of a day that I endured, so I display my thoughts here.
But I have two side yards that are walled and sun screened that hold all sorts of utilities.
lamb steak and pan-roasted baby potatoes with nettle pesto
I've already printed it and plan on going out to my stash of frames tomorrow to find one to display it in. Of all the decorations I want placed in my home for this precious holiday, I want them to be meaningful, and there's nothing more meaningful than the reminder of why Christ went to the cross for us.
Leslie explained all the different paint finishes that are currently in vogue. Paint is very trendy - the bright and garish faux treatments of the 80s and 90s have disappeared in favor of very subtle treatments that provide more of a texture instead of color. Leslie is a real dyamo - a successful business owner, a mother and wife, and now an author! She is adorable, and very, very sweet. She tells us how she went from working in the coroporate world to starting a small paint company that today is a very large one that employs over 25 people!
I have lots left over and already have ambitious plans to make a Scotch egg variant… so watch this space! Meanwhile, I will leave you with this video from the World Black Pudding Championships in Ramsbottom, feat. the Hairy Bikers.
*CORRECTION. I had figured ERAs wrong ... Baseball Reference, which is the greatest site on planet Earth, has one quirk where in their statistics they mark 1/3 of an inning as .1 and two-thirds of an inning as .2. I have no idea why they do this but whenever i use their stats this messes me up. Mike Marshall threw 1,387 2/3 innings in his career, and is you figure those 2/3 of an inning at .2 he is the pitcher closes to Pi. However, when you note it correctly, Marshall is actually not the closest to Pi. The closes it Mel Queen. Ah well. It's still cool that Dr. Mike Marshall, who was always as much a mathematician as pitcher, finished with a 3.14 ERA.
Anyways, it is a chilly Sunday here in Edmonton, so
I explained to him that I had to focus on my survival during the ride, and there was no time for chatting.
So, at this point, I'm pretty over the whole thing. I need some time without crazy emotions to figure out what I want, and when I want another baby. I do want more kids, but am realizing now that emotionally I may need to hold off for awhile. I definitely feel much more grateful that I have the three that I do. And maybe they need more time with mom before we add more.
2 consisted
I love you so much baby girl. I'm sorry I didn't get to tell you about your birthday yet. Mommy is just holding on and doesn't want it to be over. Your birthday doesn't really matter to me anyway - you are the most special thing in my life no matter what day it is. I think about you every single day and every single minute. You are still my baby. My first baby, forever, and nothing can change that. I will always tell people about you and how special you are, how beautiful you are, how much Mommy wanted you, even if it breaks my heart to speak of you without being able to hold you. I love you so much baby. My life has changed so much. It will never be the same without my baby girl. I'm so sorry I didn't get to tell you that in person. I'm so sorry you never got to feel my kisses from the outside. I will just hold on to the hope that you never ever feel the agonizing pain I'm feeling without you.
Frustrated citizens may comment a little out of line, and immediately, the Swedish media will pounce on us, as being a racist/xenophobic/islamophobic ”hate” blog.
JOHANNESBURG, SOUTH AFRICA –
Fleming, Denise.
Thanks for joining me today!! I hope you take some time to also check out the Avocado Art's Blog which will direct you to even more inspiration from Pit Crew's (their design team). I'll be back next week with another project too! :)
Set completion: 463/1500 or 30.87%
Seeing, shall take heart again.
Stir-fried squid with garlic, chilies, ginger, and greens. I've explained to people over and over that Taiwan's style is lighter and cleaner than other Chinese cuisines. No heavy complicated sauces coating fried food. Perhaps that's the American version of Chinese they are thinking of. In Taiwan it's just really great ingredients. Squid in Taiwan is superb. I am spoiled by the seafood in Taiwan.
The irony was hardly lost on me. That happened to be my father’s specialty and almost exclusive area of practice. Years back, eye doctors in Charlotte sent their patients fifty miles north to the little town of Shelby to see the country eye doctor who just happened to have studied at Johns Hopkins and had a national reputation.
There are days when feeling shoots into her face and fingers and toes, and she offers praise to God for small steps- but never the less- steps towards being Well. Small things like Putting on her own Boot don't discourage her. Its natural for us to think "Wow I cant believe I am getting excited about being able to put my own shoe on".. But Marissa knows that this is milestone. She is praising and rejoicing.
Round 1: Knit
I was vaguely aware that advertising copywriters were the people who penned such great lines as “For mash get Smash” or “It’s not easy being a dolphin”. I soon found out a planner’s job was equally or even more interesting, devising the entire campaign strategy. I was pretty sure I knew what a publisher did but it sounded a little less glamorous so, liking the sound of the first two roles, I started applying to advertising agencies. I was instantly rewarded with interviews at all the best ones, but it turned out that, although I could write brilliant applications I was the world’s most rubbish interviewee.
The hero in “Les Mis” is a good man hounded by a mad policeman for the crime of stealing a loaf of bread to feed his starving family.
n childbirth; postpartum depression; salvation at birth, and several more i=
Crops
Then we were talking about not making big messes and getting into things like scissors and somehow Isabelle starts asking about what happens if Daddy makes a machine that can make more kids and we end up with two more Isabelles. Heaven help me if that were to happen.
in the quiet and peace
I John 4:19 says that we love because he first loved us, not the other way around. We can’t earn God’s love. We already had it before we even existed. God knew us before we were born.
Now, I’m not saying that UF has chosen football over science. (Imagine the outcry, though, if UF cut a major sport instead of a major science department.) Actually, the real villains here are the Florida state legislators, who have cut the budget for their flagship university by 30% over the past 6 years.
Under tower and balcony,
Editors prune the leaves and twigs of the trees to make them adhere to the public expectations for a grove. Their work has little to do with actually forming the tree. And they don't direct writers' vigorous forays above ground. They make the forays palatable and digestible. They remove the overgrowth, allowing the reader to view the tree, from ground to twig, in its fullness.
The growing wave of women of color, especially black women, making the switch to natural hair seems to cause some confusion, because of all the info that is out there. I plan to give you some general guides and my two-cents (as I stated earlier). I hope this will be helpful to somebody.
DONNIE MCCLURKIN
Micropolitan areas are defined by the U.S. Census Bureau as a rural county whose largest city does not exceed a population of 50,000. The U.S. has a total of 576 micropolitan areas.
Her neighbour Peter loves maps – mostly because they all lead away from this small town he is trapped in. Born on the day of his mother’s death, bookish and quiet Peter doesn’t relate to his sports-loving, beer-drinking, poker-playing town sheriff of a father. He works hard with a goal to apply for a good college, but more importantly, a college far away from where he is so that he and his father don’t have to live their awkward, stilted existence any longer. When Emma calls him requesting help on her road trip, he doesn’t hesitate to join her, if they can visit a few places he wants to see too.
One of my favourite bits was the outdoor gardens, this year the theme was ‘small spaces’ (I have to say their idea of small was a bit different to mine, they were definitely free range size, my garden is more a battery hen size) One of these ‘small’ gardens was called The Writers Pad, which was a decking area, some shelves with books on them, a seat with a bench for a laptop and a water feature. The idea being it was meant to provide inspiration for writers.
But my health took a lead role with my back issues and surgery.
I recently found The Colossal Class List, which prompted me to go through my old copies of White Dwarf (before it went all Tabletop) and my old issues of Dragon Magazine (damn how I miss that coming to my mailbox!). Anyhow I got to thinking about how to use these alternate classes in my Campaign, so I worked up the below Encounter Table for those times when I need the party to encounter something, or should I say someone different.
know the look of things
A pace workout is designed to help your body learn to run at your marathon goal pace or slightly faster. It is not an all-out effort.
Please keep your eyes out everyone and be vigilant for your children and yourselves as well. If you see anything suspicious then report it ASAP. These people need arresting quickly before someone is harmed or worse.
major points for being thoughtful, creative and healthy. you done good boy.
Psychiatrist, of Boston who vegetarianized the cafeteria at a Boston hospital, Lemmuel Shattuck Hospital
Zombies on the other hand can be seen as manifestations of the id. Zombies are dim-witted, staggering louts, poor conversationalists. They are anonymous, remorseless, endless in number, viral. They are all about self-gratification, excess, engorgement, acquisition of more. And oddly, any organized authority is unable to stop them. Zombies are only defeated by a rag tag band of individuals teaming up together to wipe our their scourge - one gore-spattered shotgun blast at a time. What better Zombie movie has there ever been than George Romero's Dawn of the Dead where a shopping mall is the common ground. Zombies frantically search for food in a lusty frenzy while the living are holed up, determined to cling to their last outpost of humanity? A cinematic Zombie timeline is here.
Typically, we’re dealt a miserable hand in most instances. But, are we going to sulk and continue to be depressed or do something about it? The one thing we can do is let go of our problems and negative outlook.
Had lawmakers known, it “could have changed the whole approach to reform legislation,” says Ted Kaufman, a former Democratic Senator from Delaware who, with Brown, introduced the bill to limit bank size.
That is not what I meant at all. If I did mean that, I wouldn't, for example, have spent all day yesterday in the London Metropolitan Archives reading through letters sent between brewers Flower & Sons and their lawyers regarding their taking over the lease of the George Inn, Southwark - something that will surely take only a line or two in my new book, but which I took a thousand words of notes on, because I want to make sure I get it absolutely right.
Sure to a day
Google spokesperson has told following:
sky
The most time consuming part of this process was peeling and coring the apples. Luckily my husband jumped in to core and cut the apples as I was peeling them, so this greatly sped up the process. So, if you have an extra set of hands around, grab them and have them join in on the fun! Plus, my philosophy is, if the recipe flops, and you had a helper, you can always put the blame on them!! Just kidding! ;)
Example: Announcer: “And don’t forget to tune in to tomorrow’s Nissin Cup Noodles Bowl, sponsored by Centrum Multivitamins: ‘When you eat Cup Noodles, remember to take your A to Zinc!’” You: “Cup Noodles Bowl?! I thought they closed that place down.”
In this issue of Daredevil we get the conclusion to the 3 part Omega Effect storyline that crossed over with Avenging Spider-Man and The Punisher. At the end of issue 6 we saw Daredevil steal an artifact called the Omega Drive from several high profile terrorist organizations and they’ve been chasing him down ever since. Now he’s taking the fight to them with the help of Spider-Man and The Punisher. This mini crossover plays off like an old school team-up in the best way possible and Mark Waid has really found a way to redeem the title after the debacle from the end of Shadowland. He’s made Daredevil fun again without taking away all of the darkness that’s helped make the character such a success over the last decade.
Pictures forthcoming of course. xoxo
By the way, that student was EINSTEIN.
Benue state collapsed on
His inventions included the lightning rod, bifocals and the Franklin stove. Franklin was responsible for establishing the first public library, organizing fire fighters in Philadelphia, was one of the early supporters of mutual insurance and crossed the Atlantic eight times. Self-development was a constant endeavor throughout his incredible life.
Finally I said something along the lines of, “I worked so hard to get my name changed and in the end I can’t even get my real name on my license.”
Nevertheless, the verses in the Pirqei Avot, which is found in the Mishnah, is consisting of the same elements as the Hadith, of Isnad and Matn, chain and message. I find that interesting.
Saladin Ahmed. However, the ebook is over ten dollars, and I just can’t bring myself to spend that much money on an ebook. I’d rather spring for the hardcover and spend a little bit more. Weird how that works. I’ll probably wait until the price drops in a few months before I read it. But that brings me back to not having a book to read. Any recommendations? I’m up for nearly any genre.
Jen and I headed out for dinner, and we ended up at Phil’s Diner, a little restaurant in our neighborhood that’s both new and very old. The restaurant, which is inside a dining car, dates back to 1926, and served North Hollywood for decades and decades, in a few different locations. Then, 12 years ago, it closed, until an enterprising couple bought it, restored it, and opened it up again in a new location about six months ago.
that confidence is there she just has to wield it,
Edna Fedya is like a little slice of Osbourn Village that's been transported to the U of Manitoba campus. It contains the same cozy and energetic atmosphere and the same great food as you would find with a place like Stella's or Baked Expectations, with none of the hassle of being downtown, the craziness of parking, or the long line-ups and huge crowds.
First, in many parts of the world, earning a living outside the home and caring for children aren’t mutually exclusive activities. And I’m not referring to the widespread scenario that dictates women should bring in the crops or sell the wares they make and then come home to the second shift–cooking, washing, and tending babies until they fall asleep. Rather, I’m referring to the many, many women I’ve observed in Africa, Nepal and India heading to “work” with a baby, maybe more than one, strapped to their back. Toddlers and older children are also often in the picture, trailing along behind their mother and carrying their own load into the fields or marketplace.
Back to strong, savvy, hip-thrusting Latinas: Shakira’s new songs totally suck. My god. I was in my friend’s car last night listening to Power 96 and I thought, “If this had been her first song ever she’d still be a nameless bougie princess in Baranquilla,” and it made me think about her early Indy-via-Sony-Records period.
Derick's cousin, who has N (see previous post), told us today that she's pregnant again. Nice. 17 weeks. At least this time she's getting prenatal care.
Off the plot I’ve joined Hugh FW’s Fish Fight campaign – what a crazy policy we have were good fish get thrown back into the sea dead because the fishermen are not allowed to land them. Surely there’s a more common sense approach?
“So, we have found that working with them, when we try to get out our material through organisations, say, such as The Guardian, or the New York Times, or the BBC, that these organisations self-censor in a tremendously frequent manner and in a way which is against their stated values. It is not just against our values.”
By Michelle Jones
-Homemade
Please leave me some Crafty Love
In fact we have been so busy I really did not get into a festive mood until this last week (and still I'm struggling a bit). I am literally counting down the days until Christmas, but not because of anticipation of presents. Rather because it will be a time to relax, put all other "to-do" lists out of my head and spend quality time with family. It's the present buying, greedy side of Christmas that has me the least in the mood...and it is the same for everyone I have discuss this topic with.
#1 and #3 were so giddy about going to The Wizarding World of Harry Potter.
Saturday’s match against Norwich brings back memories of the first Premier League game at Highbury, one Arsenal were expected to win but ended up on the wrong end of a 2 – 4 scoreline. Their aim that day was as wayward as the parachutist who ended up in the North Bank building site. That sprang to mind because of the Arsenal On This Day posts which are upcoming. Today too is about beginnings and endings of an era, this time in 1974.
What a kick in the face for animal rights activists. Actually, what a kick in the face for millions of British animal lovers.
I can't resist sharing a few more nuggets from, "The Meaning of Trees": The "apple" that Eve offered Adam was more likely a quince. Wild apples have thorns and all cultivated apples, if left to go wild, will eventually start to grow thorns again. There was a brisk trade in the wood of the Myrrh tree long before Jesus, and Mary gets her name from the Hebrew, Myryam, after the Sumerian Marienna which was their word for the Myrrh tree. The Myrrh tree was the Mother Earth symbol for this culture prior to the arrival of Mary; so Mary is named after the Tree of Life. While these details are interesting for tree geeks (my kids are named after trees), kids will certainly enjoy the mythological stories shared in the compendium, like the one about why sugar maple trees turn red in autumn.
attempting against Cuba’s
Da one arm jernts are kinda quiet.
You are seriously missing some important updated drivers!
Wikipedia defines a virus as “a small infectious agent that can replicate only inside the living cells of organisms”. The use of viral terminology to describe the movement and sharing of online content is very apt. However, whilst science has given the phenomenon its name, the question persist as to whether or not it has truly ‘gone viral’ in online video.
And suddenly I craving for Twisties, which very very weird for me.
When we look at a leaf and we see the way which the leaf, or nature, constructs itself, we can clearly see that there is order to the Universe. I must then ask, where in this orderly Universe is there a place for human thought and action? Is humanity, and its associated meaning a natural product of this order, or is it something different, worthy of the title ‘unnatural’? I believe the answer to this question is necessary to understand humanity and its place within the Universe.
The story has also been translated into Urdu, both in poetry and prose, and a short version in English is included in a book ‘The Legends of the Punjab’ written, in 1884, by one Captain R. C. Temple.
here on the blog, either individually
I love the Patrón bottles. Between the stunning hand-blown glass, the cork and what it contains these bottles put me under a spell. And that larger one is worth a mere $100 – the price of such a luxury here in Australia. The smaller, empty one, I bought in New Orleans at the CVS on Canal St.
Pretty smooth and sweet beer. I had 3 last night while watching the Dayton Flyers @ Ohio State basketball game. I think that I would have been better off with 2, as the 3rd didn't go down as easy as the first two. A touch of bitterness showed up towards the end of the last beer that wasn't there with the previous two.
” Thank you for telling me I understand” and that was it, everything blew !
You recently won the Kelpies Prize 2009 for your novel Magnus Fin and the Ocean Quest and the announcement was made at the Edinburgh International Book Festival. How did it feel to win and can you tell us a little more about the competition?
"The Suitcase" by Dave White
I was so thrilled with the potential for the room after getting the washer and dryer situated that I asked my husband to give me a little organizational training. He's a skilled and trained Six Sigma black belt and I figured that it was good to get some expert help. He gave me a 5S presentation and off I went.
Knows what laid them low.
Douglas Wilson likes to write books. He has authored over thirty on a variety of topics. As the pastor of Christ Church in Moscow, Idaho, he brings his experience and deft wit to bear in a satirical novel called Evangellyfish ($21.00, Canon Press) about the slow-motion collapse of the fictional Chad Lester’s Midwest megachurch. As the head pastor of Camel Creek, Lester is riding high as thousands gather every Sunday to hear him preach, others hear him via the airwaves, and his books are read by millions (often before he reads them himself.) Then Lester is accused of molesting a young male counselee and everything starts to come unglued. This is a gripping novel about sex, scandal, and hypocrisy in contemporary church culture. You will laugh, get angry, and laugh some more, but you will not be bored.
Sometimes (lately more often than not) I wonder about fate, whether or not it exists. By definition, it is unavoidable. Yet, I wonder if my night would have been better if I had stayed inside for one more drink, or if I hadn’t gone out at all. I wonder if, last Friday, I could have avoided her if I had left five minutes earlier or she had walked by five minutes later. I wonder if, if I had decided not to date her in December of 2009, I would be where I am now.
Hairband appears to be doing well and we think it's just a case of waiting for his body to repair itself.
Between 1907 and 1909, Klimt painted five
The Wild Duck, by Simon Stone and Chris Ryan, after Henrik Ibsen. Set by Ralph Myers, costumes by Tess Schofield, lighting by Niklas Pajanti, composition and sound design Stefan Gregory. With Johngaden, Anita Hegh, Ewen Leslie, Eloise Mignon, Anthony Phelan and Toby Schmitz. Merlyn Theatre, Belvoir and Malthouse Theatre, until March 17.
Just when I thought everything was settled & I had finally found a Doctor that was actually nice to me AND believed in me.
Hot IRONS with metal handles had to be gripped in a pad or a thick wad of rag. Think of how amazed women must have been when detachable wooden handles were invented in 1870! I bet they felt thoroughly modern!
It all had echoes of a few years ago, little Hollie Steele, who go to the live Semi Finals, and sang Edelweiss, she got half way through and started sobbing.. The pressure got too much for her and the top man had to pay the commercial companies back as their adverts weren’t show because little Hollie wanted to sing again.
The papers are DCWV The Pet Stack. I love the bits of blue in all the earthy colors in this stack. I wish that DCWV did more smaller papers and brought the pattern down to scale. I used Walnut Distress Ink on all my edges. The buttons and the twine are from the candy stash that I won from Michelle O last year. I haven't really buttoned up much, but she sent a whole bunch of vintage buttons and I love the look with the colors of the DCWV papers. My ribbons are a mesh wired ribbon layered with a brown sheer, both from Berwick-Offray. A little puppy button from Jesse James adorns my sentiment and a few teeny pearls finish my other corners. My image is ... (you know what's coming) popped up on foam dots. I did use a stylus to just slightly round out my image a bit around the edges too.
If the story serves any purpose or provides any insight then the glory is all God’s. If not, then you can blame me.
I hate you because when I complain about these things, you say
Season: Fall
Now that I actually have a job (my dream job, as a cleaning lady in a kindergarten) my weekends have taken on extra significance. I used to be happy eating a little bread and jam, but not anymore... now I have to clean out my fridge and eat huge, epic, brunch-like feasts on Saturdays and Sundays. It just makes my celebration that I don't have to use a mop that day all the more enjoyable. This weekend, I made tofu scramble for the first time in, it feels like, years. (In fact, I think it has been years...) This is partly due to the fact that I *finally* found some local tofu that doesn't have the consistency of feta cheese, so now I have to eat it everyday in some form. The above pictured foray back into scrambled tofu territory brought me back to my college days,when me and my 3 roommates would often cook together and tofu scrambles were pretty much standard on weekends. (This was before I mastered pancakes.) Just a bit of tofu, some red peppers and onions, and a bit of turmeric and thyme, and you are cooking with gas. (Or electric. Whatever.)
Did you know that untreated premature ejaculation can lead to impotence ?
Anywho thats enough rambling for today, happy Thursday lovelies xxx
“Heavenly Father,” he prayed. “Thank you for this promise of a new day. We praise You that You have protected us when our enemies have threatened, and that You continue to provide. We thank you for the land You have blessed us with, and ask only that, if it is Your will, You would continue to protect our homes in the future. Thank you for the food that we are about to eat, and for the hands that made it. Amen.”
I was honored to be joined on the walk by my two great friends — Robert, author of The Solitary Walker, who joined me for four days of the walk, and Dominic, author of Made Out of Words, who joined us for a couple of those days. Meeting these guys and enjoying their fine, cheerful, and edifying company was, without question, the highlight of the entire trip for me. For what it's worth, there was not a scintilla of difference between the friends I encountered personally and the initial impressions I had drawn of them from their respective blogs. Authentic, intelligent, adventurous, morally courageous, and good humored — these are the words that best describe the two guys who tramped with me through the best sections of the Hadrian's Wall path.
Gerry
If you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything.
Cantor Neil Blumofe, Congregation Agudas Achim, Austin
See how fun that is?
NovelRank for iPhone – the Amazon sales rank tracking app – enables authors, publishers, and book marketers to track and compare the Amazon sales rank statistics for printed books and Kindle Edition ebooks across several Amazon country sites. The app supports tracking through free NovelRank.com user accounts, which can sort books by title, sales rank or last sale. The app also provides a graphical history of daily sales estimates and hourly sales rankings.
Raban.: The multitude being hungry, He creates no new viands, but having taken what the disciples had, He gave thanks. In like manner when He came in the flesh, He preached no other things than what had been foretold, but shewed that the writings of the Law and the Prophets were big with mysteries.
Ah, film noir! It's such a wide-ranging subject that honestly, I've had trouble coming up with a specific topic to write about for this latest blogathon, or at least one that I feel comfortable and authoritative enough to discuss at the moment. Perhaps, then, I'll start with what it is about film noir that fascinates me so much.
I work with small children. It's to be expected.
He said it was a mystery why they were out to get him, but suggested the two men had political motives.
I recently discovered http://www.drawastickman.com/ an interactive game created by hitcebnts.com. The user interacts with the story by firstly drawing a stickman, and then through the unfolding of the story is prompted to draw other objects to help your stickman get to the end of the story.
Before we headed “across the pond,” Leah suggested we look into catching a glimpse of the Quiet Man Bridge. This small bridge served as a prop for John Wayne in one of the early scenes of the movie, The Quiet Man, in which Maureen O’Hara co-starred. I am not a person that generally holds movie stars in any special regard, but I have to admit that John Wayne has always been my favorite. And The Quiet Man is a fun show that our family has watched a number of times. So with seeing the bridge in mind, we scheduled a night at a Bed & Breakfast in Oughterard, only a short distance away from the bridge.
Mehandipur Balaji Temple
2) Despite repeated complaints about one of the security services, specifically Axe Security (another business you should run away from very VERY fast if you find you're allotted to a compound that uses them), last night we had a brawl out the frot of the compound as the Axe guard has a little business on the side.. he charges people money for re-charging their mobile phones, using the compound power. Now I am all good for a bit of entrepreneurial nous, but when the owner of one mobile phone came to collect and didn't have the money, a brawl broke out.
Mistletoe Over Manhattan ... Hallmark Channel ... 4 PM
How do you like it? :)
pour over noodles, top with cheese and any other toppings.
We made our coop out of 2 old rabbit hutches, place like a "T", with the sides of one replaced with wire.
It is important to know that within this mystery the truth is literally spoken to us. We just have to listen closely. We're given hints to the "Island" being a place where if you can imagine certain things then they can manifest into that "space". We're told many times over to pay attention to the metaphor of the story.
What is my favorite Weezer song? I decided on “Say It Ain’t So,” but “Buddy Holly” is now stuck in my head. I’m no Mary Tyler Moore, but that’s a good song.
Almost True is almost a stand-alone but a reader would get much more from it after reading When I was Joe. For newbies, the hero is not called Joe, though he is sometimes thus referred to among other names. He has reverted to Ty, his real name before he and his mum entered the witness protection programme, after Ty witnessed a stabbing in the park.
The Predators will now take a nice hiatus while the rest of the league continues to knock one another out, but Nashville will ultimately face the winner of the Chicago/Phoenix game.
Its like the universe was callin' me home.....
There is such a thing as permissive parenting. By definition, it is what I am going for. I have a warm relationship with my kids and I do not consider myself an authority. I give lots of permission, and I don't give orders. We have a happy and peaceful home. I wouldn't have it any other way.
About Icon
$20 – FENRIZ (DARKTHRONE)
Q: Can Catholics go to any church, other than a Catholic church?
RUEAIIA/CIA WASHINGTON DC
She is so lovely and a beautiful princess.
Right now, I just know that God’s grace is saving me from insanity. In fact the other day I just decided in the grand scheme of things, worrying about my job just isn’t worth it. I’ve deemed it unimportant right now.
Back now in wintry Perth and as always it was wonderful to be away and just as good to return home.
that good health trumps the monies in all banks.
'The train now arriving at platform one is the twenty-three forty-six South West Trains service to...'
09. I Wanna Forget You (Just The Way You Are)
So here we have radiance and here we have her mother.
Included on this volume is audio commentary by Ohana (CV Kanae Itou), Minko (CV Chiaki Omigawa) and Nako (CV Aki Toyosaki) on the final episode. They start out so happy to see each other again, crack jokes about Minko being a tsundere maid at a cafe after the series, but they end up in tears thinking about how they’ll part again soon. It’s a very sorrow commentary compared to the others. Also included are two staff commentaries: the first is on episode 25 by the episode directors Takefumi Anzai and Heo Jong as well as line producer Mitsuhito Tsuji while the second takes place over the final episode with Supervisor Masahiro Ando, producer Kenji Horikawa, and producer Takayuki Nagatani. Both talk about their favorite parts of the series and how happy they were to work on it.
Francois will leave us after lunch to go and prepare our dinner while we go to the Musee d’Orsay. Then we will rest at the hotel for a short while before meeting at 7.45 pm to walk over to Francois to enjoy his famous poulet roti and other dishes with excellent wines — he knows as much about wine as about food.
The commissioned painting that would have hung in the entrance and greeted our guests as they arrived is no where to be seen, despite having been commissioned in August with many assurances from the artist that it absolutely would be ready for Christmas. But as our guests are no longer coming through the front door, I don't suppose that one matters anymore, anyway.
silvana: hahahahhaha
You can check out the religions of the world. Their gospel is not the simple gospel that Christ died for our sins. It is a mixture of demands from the Law of Moses. When they add one or more works to the preaching of the cross it nullifies that message of the cross and grace is no more grace.
“Sometimes there are adults with an already developed — within the body — spiritual heart. Usually they are women who know a happy, harmonious marriage, including motherhood.
So Jesus is described as a horn of Salvation, the significance of horn as a three fold object, first as strength (also translated as authority and government) this meaning is from the horn on the animal itself, the second significance is that horns used to be filled with oil for anointing and finally the horn as an instrument that is blown typically in a battle or victory declaration. There is so much significance and promise in Jesus as a metaphorical horn. So Jesus was described as an instrument that God has raised up, so, ‘can we be instruments too?’ Well, Paul makes it obvious that the answer is yes, yes we are. I am going to share a few things I learnt from this truth that God revealed to me in a new way.
And thus ends our time together in Multimedia Writing… I could lie and say I’m sad to see it end, but that would be a lie. At this time of the year (and after a few days of non-stop studying), I hate everything. I have no room in my heart for nostalgia especially for the thing currently causing my torment—Temple University. My brain is fried, I have crammed enough notes into the margins of my Survey of American Lit I anthology for my open-book final tomorrow, and I’m just ready to explode from exhaustion.
I'm iffy on Full Sail, but was pleasantly surprised by their Session Lager so I'm hoping this will be a surprise as well.
Keep up the good work----stay the course.
Exhibit C. (let me wax academic): "We".
your father Robert Woodworth Beggs attended this school. Bob was a very
Wow. That little gem has had me thinking for days now. What exactly is my “reason why?” Why do I do what I do here? Beyond basic documentation, beyond simple journal style self-reflection, why do I write in this space four or five times a week? Why do I put myself on public display? Why do I offer myself up for judgment, when I know I am so deeply sensitive to it? This is the work of personal growth that Chris writes about and the work that I am doing every single day.
In my opinion if someone wears something and they look confident in it they look better than someone who is wearing something just because fashion magazines consider it fashionable. Fashion to me is how you style it, not how someone else thinks it should be styled. I would much rather stand out than fit it and follow the crowd
by David Mazzucchelli, 2009
“(7) Then Jesus said to them again, ‘Most assuredly, I say to you, I am the door of the sheep. (8) All who ever came before Me are thieves and robbers, but the sheep did not hear them. (9) I am the door. If anyone enters by Me, he will be saved, and will go in and out and find pasture. (10) The thief does not come except to steal, and to kill, and to destroy. I have come that they may have life, and that they may have it more abundantly.
What’s the reason for procreation if we cannot embrace its value to the human race?
So between taking unexpected naps, wiping noses, and trying not to be complete sickies, we actually got some stuff accomplished yesterday. I mentioned earlier that we've finally done something with our screened room. We have carpet down and it's starting to look more like a room. I have huge aspirations of it being more of a Florida room/bonus room so to speak, rather than a screened room. I found cute patio furniture the other day so we went back yesterday to buy it and sold out.....like they had 2 in the morning and by 2pm they both had sold. That is my luck to a tee. So the nice Bed, Bath, and Beyond man checked a few stores for us and then ordered a brand new set for us since he couldn't find one in a box in the county. As much as I wanted to be done with that aspect of the room this weekend, I'm ok with waiting for a brand new set and not a set that has been on display in a store for months.
This was one of those golden days…a day we took just because…We’ve been able to enjoy a few of these kinds of days lately…thanks to our new homeschooling journey…
suddenly we decided to commit to each other & the feeling - LOVE doesn't required any reason ~
Finally, she put her Journalism degree to use and started writing and hasn’t stopped since. She has studied fiction writing at various conferences, and from numerous writing coaches.
“No. Look, honey. I don’t expect you to……”
Ki and I are having Adventures. This little blog is about Day #6. Monday.
-Don’t do stunts and fancy tricks on the road. Leave that to the Vaudeville stage.
Of course, there are more than a few people Brownie doesn’t like. Which might give the revelation of the bad guy alittlesuspense, at least. After all…I want the reader to figure it out, but not too soon. In order for this to work well, the characters can’t be the only ones feeling betrayed. For best emotion, I feel the reader needs to feel betrayed as well. Not by the author…but by the character. To understand why the protagonists are hurt, to feel their pain as well.
In the spirit of coming together and to put this behind us, I’d like to reach out to Emily Cier, whose extraordinary talents I admire, and invite her to collaborate with me on a new free project that we would feature on the Moda Bake Shop in the coming months. Please let me know, Emily. I have no hard feelings, and I think you and I as artists share a lot more than anything here that may have divided us. I was thinking we might call the project something like “Reconciliation” or perhaps as a nod to you, “Scrappy Reconciliation”?
There’s something in the air Pisces and you can't quite put your finger on it?
Here’s how it’s working on the ground today in Arusha, Tanzania, where Jodie Wu is based. 80% of Tanzanian farmers still beat their maize with a stick to remove the kernels from the cob. The bike-powered maize sheller can do the job 10 times faster. That means people who buy the sheller can pay for the device in a week and earn extra income, farmers can get their maize shelled far faster for less, and dealers who are selling bikes and adaptors will get more business. Even in the midst of the worst drought in 50 years, Tanzanian farmers lauded the GCS device as one of the favorite products of the year at the Nane Nane Agricultural Fair this year.
No, no, Monstee, you may as well stay there and wait a bit longer
Here's a con that so far, I've never seen in any official debate or press release relating to the issue. Consider the road between Dunfermline and Kirkcaldy. For those of you who don't know it, it's a twelve mile near motorway standard road with grade separated junctions. However, it's not a motorway, it's the A92. A good quality A road that doesn't piss about (until it reaches the failed schemes at Glenrothes which define pissing about).
Autonomia and Feminism: A legacy?
I spent a week out of state recently. My thoughts were back home and I worried about the drought and the lack of rain. It was 83 degrees where I was. It even rained one day. People there just didn’t get it – even though I tried to explain how intense the sun was, how uncomfortable it was to be out in it. “It’s always hot in Texas, isn’t it?” they asked. I nodded and gave up. I guess I should’ve just said, “This is the time it never rained.” I think about that line as the wind blows without ceasing.
4cups Water
Paw Painting $2.00 for a matted picture/$3.00on canvas
I am not perfect and I will never be perfect; frankly, I'm not really sure what a "perfect" parent is. I have warts, I have quirks, I have things at which I both excel and absolutely suck. But I appreciate the amazing gift of being a parent, of helping these children through their good times and bad, of being allowed the privilege of watching them grow each day. And even on the worst days, I cannot wait to get up and do it all over again tomorrow.
Winter in Australia can be different.
This recipe has very similar ingredients to my usual chocolate fudge frosting, but the method is just a little different. In my usual recipe, you beat together the powdered sugar, vanilla, and milk, then add melted unsweetened chocolate and butter. At that point, the frosting is very dark and thin, and you need to beat it over a bowl of ice water to lighten and thicken the frosting. It can be temperamental: if the bowl gets too cold, the frosting becomes unspreadable, and then you have to adjust it with a little more milk.
Arrange the skewers on the rack.
Christ. I have consistently worked at this. I spent three hours daily with
What I wouldn't do
Now add the pasta to the simmering sauce, stir for a few minutes, add the remaining basil leaves.
In retrospect I should have left and turned the utilities off, informed the landlords I was moving out and left him to deal with his own life from then on out. Why was I so afraid to take back my life my dignity and self respect? Maybe it wasn’t as much fear but shame, shame for doing this to myself and my children, for getting into that situation in the first place, for the financial hole he helped dig me into and for having to crawl back home. I worked up the courage to crawl back home leaving my other half behind to pick up his own pieces while I struggled to do the same. I left on a Monday the day after Father’s Day in 2005 and I felt good, I was determined to get my life put back together and move on and by the end of March 2007 I had my own place again. Those nine and a half years were a de-ja-vu experience for me, it was like living with my father all over again, the verbal and emotional abuse left scars not only on me but on my children as well, but they (my children) are wrong for believing all they are to me is slaves.
I was seriously getting paranoid for a bit that Karl Rove was trying to keep me from running for office and that he broke Blogger so that none of you could leave comments for me.
I seriously LOVE this fabric - so many sweet prints make it very difficult to pick a favorite. It's fat eighths of Pam Kitty Morning - YUMMY! I have a project idea so I'm hoping to start cutting this week. Blissful sigh!
Congrats, please email me your choice of three images and you are invited to be our guest designer for next weeks challenge!
to each other. The more formal writing was about books, too: poetry, reviews, and personal stories about their earliest memories or special times with books and parents, grandparents or aunts and uncles. I have a few books with published works about books too, but Laurie Purdie Salas’ recent book filled with wonderful poems about all kinds of book topics makes me sad because I am no longer in the classroom so I can share it with my students. However, I have done the next best
Fingertips, silently reach out into the quiet of the darkness,
Happy Saturday my sweet friends..
The UK has already observed this day several hours ago, when they traditionally mark the event with a moment of silence at precisely 11 a.m. Their sacrifice was particularly painful in losing almost a whole generation of young men during the war. Read More About "Britain Goes Silent."
Very chocolatey. I like the texture of the chips in the drink. It gives you something to chew.
Most striking are Monet’s deeply saturated lavendars, lilacs and mauves, while his greens have a surreal luminosity. At times the pink water lilies, tiny sugared cupcake confections, anchor a painting; at others they glow like floating candles on the canvas. And the elaborateness of the gilted frames, heavily carved and decorated with swirls and curlicues, enhance instead of detract from the heavenly paintings.
Then there are those moments when we shove the dishes into the dishwasher and slam the pot down on the counter wishing that someone would recognize what we do. It may not be Nobel prize worthy, but this is our life’s service we’re talking about! This is self-sacrificing. This is humbling. This is always putting others first!
Christmas Spirits, both ancient and present keep your silence, the living seek you out…
Holy Week has arrived and I'll be doing a little blog fasting until Easter. Before I do, I'm posting some weekend photos. It was a rough one in some ways but a joyful one. As my health is taking a seasonal beating from the increase in environmental allergens, I've been a little... grumpy. But the blessings continue to rain down and by His grace I am grateful for all of it. I pray that my family forgives my lack of patience in the past week... and I think they have. Everyone awakened today with smiles and memories full of the sweetness of the week's blessings and adventures.
In an ethereal journey back to Life
I no longer call you slaves, because a master doesn’t confide in his slaves. Now you are my friends, since I have told you everything the Father told me. You didn’t choose me. I chose you. I appointed you to go and produce lasting fruit, so that the Father will give you whatever you ask for, using my name.
To the water-line
Ciao Bella!
For Death, who strikes whenever he likes,
The truth is that it is by accepting our sending that we find life in all its fullness. Accepting it without complaining, accepting it without grumbling, accepting it as God’s grace to us. Too often we moan that there are too few of us, or two few doing all the jobs, or complaining that people don’t see things the same way as we do. In these circumstances, if our church life feels like a burden then perhaps we haven’t determined our sending. Once we have stopped running away, stopped fearing that we will be taken, blessed, broken and given to others, then we wonder why we ran in the first place.
He ran, ran as he hadn't run in years. Broad sticks splintered beneath his heavy boots, driven deep into gritty soil. Branches whipped his face, scrub scraped at his calves above his boots, raising welts that remained all but invisible against skin red enough to suggest an agonizing sunburn. Or at least it would have, had he been human.
An 87-year-old friend phoned me to help with her toilet. Yes. I said toilet. It was plugged. I went. Toilet fixed and she cracked some champagne for us because we haven’t seen one another since before Christmas.
She and my Grandfather both lived to celebrate their 50th wedding anniversary, surrounded by family and friends, the result of a lifetime together. When he died, she quietly dispensed of all his personal belongings, saving only his black haircomb, his razor and his shaving foam brush as keepsakes – the items she knew he had used and touched every day. We found these tucked away in a box, after she too had passed, and my heart ached for her…
It's been quite a week!
Wrong decisions taken under real pressure,on the move,constant rush building up a mountain of mistakes so tall that the peak is out of sight.A labyrinth of seconds and minutes embroided randomly on the wrong pattern.
1. Evolution did not end, or even slow down, with the advent of Homo sapiens. It has actually accelerated.
Don’t get me wrong. As far as theology is concerned, Carson mostly is right on target. He never deviates from his essentially Reformed Calvinist point of view and even though he never once mentions the name ‘NT Wright’ (he does get in a dig at Steve Chalke and Alan Mann in the note on page 69) one can sense that underneath much of what Carson writes is a polemic against the so-called ‘new perspective on Paul’ and what many in the Reformed camp feel is a threat to the grip they have on theological power that goes along with the Reformed interpretation of the atonement (viz., penal substitution). I find it hard to believe that something so obvious needs so much defense.
They both looked amazing, as they always do. Everyone in the room knew her name, while the film star Cameron Diaz added even more elation to the evening by wearing a dress from Victoria’s new collection.
Two asides--
out of the textile mill, son. You're going to do better than
The colors of the Happy Camper collection will coordinate nicely with your outdoor photos, and the themes on the papers and embellishments highlight all your camping experiences; campfire stories, S'more fixin's, pitching the tent, snuggling in your sleeping bag, or just enjoying your spot in nature. My personal favorite is the hexagon shape paper with the flies and mosquitoes! Along with the patterned paper, there are two coordinating sticker and die-cut sheets.
I'm still stumbling
The dispute raises Internet-age questions about the information people make available about themselves online, and how proactive government agencies should be in seeking out that information when it comes to granting taxpayer-funded benefits.
Means: "I was wondering if that redhead over there is wearing a bra."
Or 'I made you some coffee, for the love'.
MME Boo paper from last year, piercing, Home Spun Birdhouse dienamic/stamp set die was used. Some Rusty hinge distress ink, dottie CB Folder and here it is...
‘Dad, you didn’t order my milkshake you dick, I’ve gotta queue up again now!’
While the excavation revealed a number of structures and foundations associated with buildings at a shallow depth below the ploughing level, the relatively undisturbed context of both jewellery and drinking vessels imply a stronghold, even a ‘palacio’ which was more common in the 6-7-8thC Pictish capital of Forteviot in Strathearn. This is exciting because the Rhynie artefacts were found within the remains of what would have been an elaborate system of defensive enclosures, including two deep ditches and a massive timber palisade — alongside remains of extensive wooden structures and fortified buildings. Early power centres of the Picts are scantily documented. The Pictish Chronicle, whose Latin original is lost, and whose various 12thC copies have been ‘tampered with’ by Scots successors to Pictish wealth and culture, gives much detail of names and historic events, particularly in AD7-8thC. But Scots addenda and manipulation of text and some names has traditionally made historians unwilling to depend on it. The Rhynie revelation provides an exciting opportunity to find out more about how the kingdoms of powerful Pictish warlords were consolidated in the North.
Ivan the Terrible Part 1 – 4
Great shade, great formula and super shiny even without top coat. The only things I don't like about it are the small bottle (5ml for 5,50€!) and the brush, which isn't flat and it's too soft.
Needless to say, once I realized my mistake and made two more batches using only 1 stick of butter each, they came out great, super tasty and smelled soooo good.
Thrill me now.
Nice, huh? The stupid boxwoods were so close to the chain link fence that their roots were way under the concrete foundation, and the "trunks" of the bushes would not allow the chain to get a good grip on the plant to pull them out with the tractor, so they had to be dug out by hand. Not a fun job at all!
As April’s green endures; or will endure
I sticked closely to the sketch this time.
It is very interesting how place names here originated. The uninitiated could be forgiven for thinking the names of all north European towns were loaded into a bag which was then emptied randomly across a map of North America. We travelled through Whitehall, Rutland, and Woodstock before arriving at Hanover. Hanover is home to Dartmouth College which is part of the US Ivy League of universities.
In this is love:
April 18, 2012
We’ll be out tonight at a movie night with the kids (Bee Movie – groan), but we’ll be in tomorrow night so that’s the best time to ring. We’re having a dinner party on the night itself.
-Lisa
Beautiful bridal hair flower embellished with ivory silk flower petals, ivory tulle, pearl stamens, barely off white goose and ostrich feathers and russian tulle. Silver double prong hair clip back. Gorgeous with any style veil. A perfect and unique addition to your wedding day attire. Ready to ship and perfectly wrapped.
Moo Moo Farm 1:17:751
Evelyn is calm for now.....to the internets!
most venal and rapacious type of creature imaginable. We have awakened
Day two was worse. I was border line homicidal yesterday. It's a good thing I work from home, and can't harm people. Around 11 am there was a banging at the door. Flower delivery!!! The card read "Day Two...Good luck!!" and there was no name on the card. So I called my Mom to thank her. Nope!! She didn't send them. J sent me flowers!! Aww... Really sweet, but what he didn't realize was that I was on the verge of breaking (don't ever get a kitten when you work from home) and the flowers were motivation. And guilt. Because he sent me flowers, I would feel like a total shit if I broke.
Climbed a tree and tore my pants
The eye patch forces the lazy eye to work and thus, strengthens its vision and its muscles. This is the most common method used to treat lazy eye. To prevent the strong eye from becoming weaken due to disuse, the child is allowed to remove the patch so that he can see with the good eye for at least a few hours each day.
Anyway, all of you are the ribbons on my year. Thank you for the inspiration, the support, the encouragement, the new directions and the success I've found. It's not measured in dollar signs at this point, but in winning over some grains of sand to my beach. Thank you for joining me on this adventure. I can't wait to see what 2012 brings for all of you. There's an amazing amount of talent out there and I'm fortunate to rub elbows with a lot of that great talent.
To make grass jelly.....
"Of course they are. There are lots of gods. The Father has a glorified body, so does the Son. He took up his exalted body and returned to Heavenly Father after he died on the cross."
A few months ago, right before she started her campaign of trying to make herself a fixture in my living room, she convinced me to go to the shoe store with her. It was a particular shoe store that we had gotten coupons for in the mail, and I had actually been wanting to go there myself, and that is the only reason she got me to go. I wanted to see if they had any cute shoes I thought Tee would like, and then we could come back with the coupon, but I didn't take it with me at the time because I know better than to spend a lot of money on shoes for her that she hasn't seen.
2.) You MUST have recently commented on a blog post - in your email, let me know which post you commented on.
Some years later Levka — now an observer with the forces of the North during the Korean War — expectedly found himself in a position to settle the debt. To do so, however, he would have to defect. Could he do it?
Breakfast: 2 pieces of toast with strawberry jam - half an egg beaters omelet with cheese (2 starch, 1 dairy, 1 protein)
I couldn't resist and decided to buy the other discounted blaster of 2011 A&G. I did alright on this blaster and I promise it's my last A&G blaster of 2011. I just couldn't resist when I saw it sitting there all alone.
The powder has a fine texture. It is not harsh, it is not going to tear you skin. I mix a small amount of product with a little bit of water and it dissolves into this milky consistency. It has a slight smell of milk/coconut too. The result? It did clean face very well without being drying
In my recent article 50 years of U.S. embargo against Cuba I tried to give some information about the history of Cuba and how the U.S. embargo came about. I did not however go in too much details regarding the question as to why the embargo is still in place and what does this say about democracy or rather the lack of it. This is the purpose of the following essay.
So I’ve tried everything but shade, and nothing has worked well for this variety.
I loved many things about this one. I loved the writing. There's just something special about it. I loved the way the the author told Audrey's story. For example,
Why not to watch: You’re more scared than I am.
This lends itself nicely to the paranoid notions of secret governments which many people seem to hold. There are plenty of conspiracy theories out there around powerful organisations who run things behind the scenes while we vote for what are essentially powerless figureheads. These societies include the likes of the Illuminati, the Freemasons, the Knights Templar, and others who are most definitely real in every possible sense.
Me: Yessir. Well, I should go. It is getting quite late and I have to go and wash my face and brush my teeth before bedtime. I love you Father. Pleasant dreams to you.
I've had Hereafter on my bookshelf for a pretty long time. I wasn't planning on reading it for a while and by that I mean a very long time. But then, I had an urge to read something ghostly and so Hereafter it was. Now, I just regret not reading this sooner!
- I also learnt that the police were raiding hotel rooms on the pretext of looking for “khalwat possibilities”. JAWI must be very displeased that their prerogative of catching people in dishabille was usurped by the men in blue.
It was nice it came with a key chain and although not shown in the pic, it did come with a stand, but I thought it looked better without it.
Roll onto a floured surface and cut into shapes. Place on parchment lined baking sheets (I recommend freezing the cut out shape on the baking sheet for 5 minutes before baking) and bake for 10-12 minutes. Let sit a few minutes on the sheet, then transfer to a cooling rack.
And there's always something more
tomorrow I will have a long convo with an old friend… but today I was sitting at the Marina… and I forgot where I was… it was like those mini seizures that T gets.. T and Sharika and T were kicking the soccer ball around.. I am in so much pan all I could do was watch… but they said I zoned out and was unresponsive… and when I finally responded I could not remember where we were or why we were there for a few minutes.. I have been in a fog since….. that is obviously not good…. I will follow up with a doctor tomorrow…. but while I should be happy… I just feel like crying… it is hard to control myself tonight… that alone has me concerned…. I don’t want to be doin this the way I be doin this… I am torn.. I want to write to you every day to prove how I feel about you.. but I don’t want to if all I can do is complain.. that aint right…. and right now I aint right.. and truth.. I don’t even know if you give a S or not… not sure if I will be able to sleep… Sharika needs to get out early and get to work… but I may get up later this evening and come read and write…. I got so much inside… I just need to get it out… shower just turned off.. catch up with you later.
But I’m not alone. Recently, a friend called me about a betrayal most foul. Two letters and an ampersand cheated her of a trusty size 14. “It wouldn’t zip!” she admitted shamefully. “It was stuck just below my boobs and that’s my thinnest part!” Another cohort refuses to buy clothes bigger than her reported size. This often results in shopping boycotts peppered by the words, “I won’t cave; ever!”
Reduce the heat to medium and push the leaves aside; add another tablespoon of olive oil to the empty side and add the diced garlic, a pinch of salt, crushed red pepper flakes and cook for about a minute. (Be careful not to burn the garlic.)
Weekend Casual
The Sainte Marie du Mont des Cats abbey in France has played an interesting role in the history of brewing. In 1831, monks from Mont des Cats (which my mind really wants to translate "mountain of cats"--it's not) joined a hermit and founded Sint Sixtus in Wesvleteren. Fifty years later, fearing repression from the French government, the abbot sent an envoy to scout a possible location to land should they have to pack up and flee quickly. That monk located a sheep barn in Koningshoeven in the Netherlands that somehow struck his eye as ecclesiastical.
I'm not, in general, a dog person.
I know the Optifast products are nutritious and give our bodies what they need. But I’m kind of an organic health nut (ex-hippie type who went to college at UC Santa Cruz), and typically like to eat unprocessed food as much as I can, so I kind of cringed at the list of ingredients in the products, esp. the sugar. I’m not criticizing the products because obviously they work miracles. Our “substitute” leader last night for our Kaiser Optifast group meeting said that in her group, at week 25, she has two individuals who have lost 100 pounds!! Our group was blown away. (Although we may have some who have lost 60 or 70 – I’ve lost 50 now at week 18, and KNOW others in my group have lost more than me!)
B3 Holy Cow MKC-MWBD
One of the selling features of the Kia (which originated in south Korea) is that it comes with a 10-Year/100,000 Mile warranty which covers all the major parts (the technical term is the "drive train", whatever that is). Now 100,000 miles is a lot of miles. It used to be that in any given year most people typically drove about 10,000 miles, so that 100,000 mile warranty would last a really long time. I don't know about most people, but I don't put 10,000 miles on my car in a year....it's more like 15,000 miles! (I drive around a lot...from pillar to post, you might say, as everywhere I go in Austin seems to be at the farthest away opposite corner of the city.)
The Geneva Bible was the first mechanically printed, mass produced Bible, made generally available, direct to the public, with a variety of Scriptural study guides and aids (including woodcut illustrations, maps, charts and indexes). Therefore the Geneva Bible was the world's first Study Bible. Over 150 editions of the Geneva Bible were printed between 1560 and 1644. The very first Bible printed in Scotland was a Geneva Bible, in 1579. A Law was passed in Scotland that year requiring every household to purchase a copy. The study notes were Calvinist and Puritan in character and were particularly objected to by the bishops and royalty for being "seditious".
Uncle Duke: She gets better every night. Let me jerkoff... I MEAN... watch in peace.
Experiment away!
Let your light shine before men in such a way that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father who is in heaven.
I think China is the place to move. They have dissident groups there who actually care about human rights and will protest when you get tortured.
A typical car or truck or light pick up will have more level of resistance through the extension circuit than the pressure pattern. All modern bumps are velocity-sensitive – a faster your headgear moves, the more fat the shock absorber offers. This gives the distress to adjust to highway problems and to control most unwanted movements that will happens to a transferring vehicle.
'The Lady With Her Bra Hanging Out'
What I would love is only have to work part-time to pay my bills. Then I would have more time to write, and would still be keeping the pressure of payday away from my art. At this stage in my financial lifecycle, I can’t even begin to consider part-time work, but I’m planning for it. I’m aligning my finances so that I can retire from full-time work. Not in the next year or two, but not too far from now, either. I hear some of you out there making those little tutt-tutt noises, those noises that indicate I can only choose to do that because I’ll be living off of Mr. Aniko, how lucky for me! Not true, ya’ll. Not that he wouldn’t do that and hasn’t already offered, either. The fact is, I want to be totally debt-free (including the mortgage), have a decent retirement fund being actively managed, and know that even if Mr. Aniko had to fly offworld and leave me behind, I could pay for everything I require and still not have to worry about my future, old-lady monetary needs. I want to help us build a stronger, more financially secure future where one or both of us could decide to work part-time and still have money to buy good food and comfortable shoes. I want that security, even if it means I have to wait a bit to pursue my Dream Job. Even if I have to put a price on my books – a fair price, but still a price. Even if it means that I keep writing in the pre-dawn dark, hours before I go to my Job. Write on the weekends, instead of hosting parties. Write when I’m tired, cold, or nervous about a meeting. It’s not easy to balance the writing with the working with the living. But I do it because it is what I have to do. I work for money, but I write to live.
These purple yams are delicious little gems and a favourite snack of Rainbow Eyes. We simply bake them with a little olive oil - beautifully sweet tasting and the purple colour inside is spectacular. They are rapidly wolfed down!
It was painful! Pointless! and down right mean!
Ten years ago, Taylor found a stranger sitting in her living room. “He had used my bathroom, he had shaved and cleaned himself off and he was watching the border patrol go by, sitting in that rocking chair,” she said in an interview with Yahoo News. A few years later, she found 40 kilos of marijuana hidden in her bougainvilleas.
WTF!!!
Sara gets a text from her friend who she’s living with, who is also the same woman Rebecca was hitting on at the nightclub, telling her to come to the apartment. There, she and Rebecca end up in a hilariously over the top shouting match in which Rebecca shouts at Sara for not appreciating her wonderful attempts at friendship like killing Sara's cat and ex-boyfriend…see what I mean? This movie is the cutting edge of ludicrous, bizarre comedy. It's almost like some kind of weird black indie comedy or something. It's nice to see the movie playing around with genre conventions a bit and giving us at least something new.
For details, get your keister over to the printlab
You know, when we moved to AZ eight years ago the first summer was a relatively mild one. And our first winter back in MN is, so far, a very mild one also. Now maybe this is just a coincidence, but I like to think God cares about me so much that he is holding back icy winds and freezing temperatures just for me. :) Or maybe it's because he really doesn't want to hear my complaining about it... yes, that's more likely. At any rate, it really is wonderful, because when we lived here before (like, fifteen years ago) I had a really bad time with winter lasting from October thru March. No, March is not entirely snowy, however one can always expect a blizzard for the state basketball tournaments. So look. This winter is already three months shorter than others I have endured with less grace. God is just good to me and I appreciate it.
skirt: Buffalo Exchange, tank: H&M, necklace: PacSun, boots: Charlotte Russe
Tiger Lou is the main project of singer/songwriter Rasmus Kellerman from Nyköping, Sweden, founded in 2001.
I feel like I am straddling two worlds right now, that I've split into two selves again. (note: not in a literal sense, no worries that I'm becoming Sybill).
For seventy years in Europe mere words could destroy a man's life, he and all around him could be purged, banished, imprisoned, or worse, for the thoughts within his head. Then a wall came down and they told us we were free. But what has really changed?
I'm in a jam right now. That creates pressure.
The summer night is like a perfection of thought.
7. Favorite Christmas movie?
Today is New Year's Day!
Farm murders, whatever their motives, are horrible, but they are not genocide.
Later that night, aunts, uncles and grandparents came over for cake and ice cream.
I have gained mastery over the waters
Tony Blair’s Labour government opened the doors to mass immigration, with the express intention of destroying our traditional culture, which was so hated by the Left wing. The cat was let out of the bag by Blair’s speechwriter, a Mr Andrew Neather, who said they wanted “to change the cultural face of Britain and to rub the noses of the right wing in “diversity.”
Well, still got a ways to go here. The roof needs worn and missing shingles. The sides need some crooked and weathered clapboards. Basically the whole thing needs to get more haunted. But I'll keep at it and keep you updated.
What I was thinking about in the last few minutes is relationships. I think that most married people come to various points in their relationship with each other where they are forced to ask, is there room for change? If one of us changes, is there room for that in this marriage? If you see a marriage as a system, then change in one part will force a change in the other part. So, if I change, can you handle it.
I am keeping with my Photo A Day challenge with Fat Mum Slim. You can check out the list here and join in. Fat Mum Slim May Photo a Day
This salad is a diet salad. The dressing is very low in oil and thusly, low fat. It’s composed of one part tangerine juice, one part rice vinegar, and one part canola oil with a pinch of ground coriander, a pinch of cayenne pepper, a pinch of garlic powder, a pinch of dried marjoram, a little kosher salt, and a little ground white pepper.
On one afternoon, after school let out, I was privileged to see both workshop expressions brought to bear at once in a convincing way. Hendrie asked me if I could help out in a delicate matter. As I was brand new to the school and invested in presenting a helpful, eager facade, I agreed.
But, now I have another issue. Specifically my teenage daughter. I have always kept my dating life and home life separate. I have chosen to stay at the man’s house in the past or wait until all the kids are away to have him over. I have never introduced another man to my children. Let alone had him spend the night. BUT, it is different with Mark. We’ve known each other for years. We are already at the “comfortable” stage in our relationship. He’s already told me he has no doubt we will marry (and I tend to agree). Things feel different this time. They feel right. On all levels.
11) 3 Lessons Every Writer, Speaker, Blogger, and Musician Can Learn from Led Zeppelin Sometimes staying true to your art grabs the multitudes. But more often it does not. Staying true to yourself and faithful to your calling should always be the goal.
One such scene is Sherlock's boxing scene, which does nothing for the plot but does establish the typically cerebral hero as a serious badass:
I’ve been around the block so the pattern of good old Liberal politeness while being excluded from positions of responsibility is not new to me. This is a phenomenon seen all over the Lib Dem party, across the country. As an executive member of the Ethnic Minority Liberal Democrats group, I’ve spoken to many black and Asian members at party conferences who have told me about the challenges they face in their own local parties. I have heard the stories from party activists in other boroughs.
Personal networks
Next up is a wonderful dramatic piece from Iceland, not that this year’s Icelandic entry lacks a sense of saga. Hugarro, which my online translator says means “Peace of Mind”, is sung by Magni Asgeirsson. He has one of those voices that makes you think he’s experienced a lot of troubles in his life, and this was his 4th attempt to represent Iceland at the Eurovision Song Contest. Last year he came 2nd with “Eg trui a betra lif”; and this year he slipped down to 3rd, so he’d better pull his socks up in the future. The opening keyboard sound has something of the Merry Christmas Mr Lawrence about it. See what you think.
New Belgium Brewing Inc. Lips Of Faith Le Fleur Misseur
And time enough for one more beer.
52 ... as regards the visual comparison, the trade mark applied for is a compound mark, composed of a word element, ‘castellani’, and a figurative element, consisting of two horizontal lines with a turreted crown in the middle and a shield with a castle with two towers, surmounted by a crown with two palm branches and a Latin cross in the centre.
I was like -- huh.
We are pros at catching the buses, monorails and boats and buzzing through the four different parks, going straight to what we want to do
I have reached out to a couple other bloggers to spread this news, not feeling well enough to do it justice. Aron, strong as he is, and his family need our support. They are in Dallas. Please, reach out to them, if you can. And, for your own sake, take in a few of his strong, hard hitting atheist/anti-theist videos. You’ll be all the wiser for them.
I hesitated, maybe to be polite, or maybe for drama. “I was thinking,” I said finally. “That I’ve never come in your mouth.”
between our two countries. In this specific case we have made clear
I love this stamp from the March Market Fresh Kit from Market Street Stamps. Guess what? You can still get your hands on this kit and this EXCLUSIVE stamp found in it........Find it HERE. As soon as I got this stamp in the mail, I wanted to try this out. Check it.......I stamped my lightbulb image on the wrong side! After stamping the outline, I turned over the stamp and stamped the actual lightbulb image inside the outline! LOVE out it turned out! Such a great CAS card!!!
Apple, Yogurt, Natural peanut butter with rice cake
As in all ethical questions, the answers are not clear or easy. There are pros and cons to each decision. Ultimately, whose responsibility is it? If the deceiver doesn’t come clean, should everyone else just avert their eyes? Is truth or discretion more important?
They give imagination free flight. They make you laugh. They flick the conscience. They stimulate your desire to know and grow. Books do.
Our former Prime Minister said rallies are not part of Malaysian culture. Of course we have proven him wrong a few times and he is foaming in the mouth right now. Look at the interests and intensities generated by Bersih 1.0, Bersih 2.0 and the recent Himpunan Hijau 2.0. Thousands and thousands of Malaysians poured onto the streets of Kuala Lumpur and Kuantan amidst threats from the police and the whole world saw what happened during those rallies – thanks to Al Jazeera and CNN. That is the power of internet!
Another interpretation is that this passage is talking about the nation of Israel. Those who argue for this position advocate that the description given in verses four through six fits Israel as a nation. They had once been enlightened, and had tasted the heavenly gift. They had become partakers of the Holy Spirit under the Old Covenant administration. They had the word of God, and had tasted the power of the age to come.
I told you he’d broken his left leg and naturally the nurse started to shave his left leg. He was lying on his back at the time. That went well. The she and another nurse managed to get him turned over on to his stomach to complete the procedure. And she did, only this time she shaved the back of his right leg!
Inherited a new team of individuals who lack cohesion and are suspicious of others motives? Demoralised by threats of cuts and savings?
Spray bottle full of water
I made dinner for a woman in mom's club the other day. She just gave birth to a healthy baby girl at the age of 41. I wish I could be happy for her....but you know how that goes. She made my family dinner twice after Camille died, which I thought was incredibly kind. I figured I should return the favor. I told my husband that he had to drive with me over to their house, I didn't want to stay long and I wanted an excuse to leave quickly. She has a 3 year old son too, sigh. Talked to her briefly, asked her how she was feeling....tired of course. She asked me how I was and I don't even know what I said. I managed to ask what her daughters name was, she was holding her the whole time. I couldn't ask about the baby. I wished them a good night and left. My husband drove me to yoga class which I was getting to just in the nick of time. I wasn't sure if I'd be able to get to class that night. It was such a long day. I took Kai to a mom's club event strewn with babies and people who give less than a small shit about my loss. But I took Kai because he needed to get out. The president of the moms club is a very kind woman and just recently sent me a card telling me that she thinks of me all the time. I thought that was incredibly sweet. So between moms club and making dinner for my family and the other family, yoga was not a given.
And what they have found is, unsurprisingly, a monstrous fucking mess.
However, although it would be ignorant and dishonest to dismiss the role Jews played in the early efforts to undermine Western society and the role which many eminent Jews still play within the massed ranks ranged against us, it is also possible to overestimate their role. When those within the Nationalist community blame all the attacks on the white European race on the Jews and on some vast Zionist conspiracy they are addressing a single, historical and rapidly shrinking foe, while ignoring many far more vicious and, now more dangerous adversaries.
Now that that is out of the way…
Keep warm
Is there really a job that does not require communication skills? Gates disabused the minds of those who assume that creating software is purely a solitary activity where you sit in an office with the door closed all day and write lots of code. He said: “This isn’t true at all,” adding that “it requires the ability to collaborate and share ideas with other people, and to sit down and talk with customers and get their feedback and understand their needs.”
Meanwhile, we have Thanksgiving coming up soon-- and I can't help but to wonder what this year will be like- not being with my parents and brother back home in Alabama - celebrating the holidays for the first time ever without them. It will be different for sure, but trusting God that it won't be a lonely one. He's sent us some great friends in the past 6 months who have really reached out to us in so many ways.
Or is that a heart attack?
Method for Kofta
So what if the song has a few critics, it's being praised by millions. The song has got over 10 million hits on YouTube.
Hot water came out of the cold tap and cold water came out of the hot tap; then hot water came out of the hot tap and hot water came out of the cold tap.
I emailed Fredrik, the man in charge, and asked if he knew of anyone doing something similar in Australia and he funny enough he happened to have a friend and colleague with the equipment currently living in Sydney over on the East Coast. I was over the moon but slowly got caught up in all the appointments and therapy we had to do with Cayla. Anyway, a while ago I decided to send this guy an email and he gave me a call a couple of days after. His name is Michael and he sounds like a really nice guy, he could speak Swedish as well which was great! We discussed the Elektrodress and decided that he was going to speak to Fredrik and get back to me with more information. I was very excited and discussed the matter with my husband later that evening. Maybe we could all fly to Tasmania and try this? What if it works? What if we could use this instead of Botox injections??? Then little Cayla wouldn’t need any casting done or maybe not even the AFOs….! Wow, that would just be amazing….. even the slightest improvement would be totally worth it! I just wanted to hop on a plane with Cayla that day.. but that is just me.. get something in my head and wanting to do it right away!!
indicating that said first character trusts notes written by said first character;
Sorry to cut this short, but I have to go home and pack for our trip to St. Louis. We are visiting Andrew's family and are going on a plane...Abbey's first plane trip! I know she is so excited ;-).
In the process of consolidating all my blogs at one location:
Beyonce looked stunning in this Givenchy Haute Couture gown and showed off her post baby curves. I absolutely love how the gown looks on her and the side pulled back hairdo goes well! The purple feathers look pretty nice on her too and the coralesque lips are pretty.
Rock: Just before reaching the Church Street end, you will encounter two ravines that converge near the trail on the left. The boulders are so plentiful that they resemble the ramparts of a fortress. You may find it hard to resist scrambling up them. If you decide to make the short climb, check out the view from the rocky outcrop nearest the trail and next to a small stream for a fine view of the forest floor and the lake beyond.
The paper first generated outrage from Duke’s Black Student Alliance. The H-S revealed that the organization e-mailed the state NAACP to complain that “the implications and intentions of this research at the hands of our very own prestigious faculty, seemingly without a genuine concern for proactively furthering the well-being of the black community is hurtful and alienating.” Newt couldn’t have handled the faux grievance angle better!
We don’t know who it was. We don’t know where he/she lives. We have no idea if he/she found what he/she was looking for in that search.
Finally, there is nothing ‘Maha’ about Mahasiswa if they cannot even choose their own religion without becoming second class citizens.
I have used running to meditate through a lot of changes this year. Coming full circle back to Monterey in what seems like the blink of an eye has me turning them over in my mind again. Geekydaddy quit the business he was trying to start and took a new job, one that he loves but that makes huge demands on his time and mental energy. Geekygirl started Kindergarten at a wonderful, but challenging inner city school that makes demands on mine. My company merged the San Francisco office with the one in San Diego into a "one company/two locations" model, bringing with it the stress of forced change, rivalries, opportunities and the logistical issues of working with people in an office 500 miles away. I have become a regular on the Virgin America early flight from SFO to SAN, and the children now have more toys from that city's airport gift store than I had ever thought possible to buy.
1/2 teasoon bicarb soda
Again, this is a pre-Lockbox, so a full one comes later next week. The season's first bracket is coming on Monday.
You only have to look at the appalling turnout figures across the country typically between 20 and 30 percent. That is dreadful and says much for the current state of our democracy or excuse for a democracy in this country when so few people can be bothered to vote I think the time is nearly up for the major political parties out there offering you the same old crap served up with a different shade of tie on.
They have 5 pumps with Abbott Ale, Brains SA and their IPA, Caledonian Raspberry Fool, and Smiles brewery Blonde.
He so loved his Sister, Margaret. He knew Margaret was special…full of light and life and love. He knew he was blessed to be her brother. Jack never teased Margaret like other brothers do- he never took his little Sister for granted. He was Margaret’s partner, her playmate, her best friend, her protector and her comforter. She was all of these things to him, too. Margaret’s loss is immeasurable.
I am a Carolina girl who married her high school sweetheart in 2010!
It turns out that a future criminal with the improbable name of Frand Mattar had sent a bomb back in time to Central City in 1966, which would explode if a high-speed wave hit it; Mattar had a trigger that would cause this to happen and was blackmailing the authorities to force them to allow him to loot at will. Of course, there was another thing that could cause the bomb to go off; if the Flash traveled at super-speed. Thus the "chronal officer" had hypnotized Barry to make him believe that nobody in Central City appreciated his efforts, so that he would resign.
He turned, a distracted look on his moonlit face.
33) Sales Cycle Length - Do you know how long it takes for a new lead to turn into a customer? Track this and monitor how it changes over time so your sales team can prioritize their funnel, and marketing can generate more leads that convert in a shorter time span.
- Duplicate this layer.
If you want your frog finger puppet to be a toad finger puppet instead, you could use olive green felt and cut muddy brown spots out using the eye pupil circle from my pattern. Then, sew the spots at random on the body and face of the your toad. Muddy brown French knots can enhance the toady look.
But anyway! That's what I've been up to. How about you?
I am a writer for a non-government organization called MEDIA, Inc. (Micro Enterprise Development and Advocacy, Inc.) for three years now. We publish a magazine bi-monthly called Kwentong Negosyo, and I (would like to) believe that we are contributing to creating positive change in other people’s lives, especially to those who have no economic capacity, and have come in terms with life through managing small businesses.
The challenge here is going to be to really break that character open and let the readers see her as she is, not how she wants to appear. That's the main focus of my reread right now. And I think that if I nail that in the rewrites, my MS is going to be so, so much better.
Kinda like I feel these days since Andrew moved to the step-down room in the NICU. This is the beginning of the end of our NICU journey.
I think that the proposed policy is a positive development in many respects as it puts the burden more appropriately upon RHs rather than ISPs to provide reasonable evidence of copyright infringement, more clearly defines that burden, and also takes the power to disconnect a customer away from the ISP and gives it to an independent Tribunal.
Deadline is 20th of september. -By then i hope i´ve found time to make some POP´s!
"Off the central Atlantic coast of France is the small island of Noirmoutier, known for its sandy beaches, dunes, salt marshes and woods. I've always been fascinated with Viking history and it is reported the first Viking raid on continental Europe was on this island in 799. I was on an assignment for Nikon to premier their new D800, a game-changing 36 mega pixel camera. I had been looking for the perfect landscape when I saw this group of old-growth Holm Oak trees. The branches seemed to reach out like the arthritic fingers of old Vikings trying to grasp the last glimmer of the soft afternoon light."
“Our concerns were ignored and we had to keep reading and repeating the same scripts about changes of address for polling stations made by Elections Canada.”
Made the CANIDAE® Way with Superior Quality: No Corn, Wheat, Soy, Grain Fractions or Fillers and Naturally Preserved
Cor 6:9 Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind, 10 Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God. Rev 21:7 He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will be his God, and he shall be my son. 8 But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.
I love that in this recipe she offers the option of eating it straight from the pan or putting it in the oven topped with breadcrumbs for a casserole type dinner too. Great to have the flexibility! I always mix in green peas with it for an extra hit of veg and it makes it colourful and beautiful!
What's that? Yes, Al was my agent but to become part of this revolution, I had to opt out of our contract. A crying shame, as Al has been a terrific influence in my writing career, but we've put a lid on that aspect of our professional relationship to eliminate any potential conflict of interests that might arise from the new venture. Feck it, though. I'm delighted to be part of Blasted Heath and I look forward to the future.
How was your weekend? I hope it was the loveliest of lovely weekends.
Steven likes trying there different micro brews
Heidi loves me. She’s proud of me. She can tell I’m in a good place, and that I’m doing the very best I can. I know this because she told me so. Her kiddos are getting older, are super-smart and doing well. I miss her family.
The puck drops thirty minutes early tomorrow, starting at 6:30 rather than 7PM. Be prepared to lose your voice, Preds fans. We’re going to run this town.
"don't text him", said Brain
9Then Moses and the priests, the Levites, said to all Israel, Be quiet and give ear, O Israel; today you have become the people of the Lord your God.
Ricknauth Jaggernauth, 58, New York, N.Y.
5) Must be inspected
English Commentary: This just starts the movie, but with the commentary track (also available by selecting audio track 5 with your remote’s audio button). The insights here are provided by Steve Ryfle and Ed Godziszewski authors and experts on Japanese Cinema, especially Toho films. Anyone who has purchased any of Sony’s Toho Master Collection (Classic Media) will be familiar with them. Here, they stick to the film we’re watching, only going outside of it VERY briefly when talking about the cast’s other projects. This is a major improvement in their style, in my opinion. They also provide some fun background on the suits and props used as well as reasons for why certain things happened as they did, and even the fate of some of the props and sets.
Here is the whole package:
Looking back, she was ill-prepared for the storm and its aftermath. She felt that she got off extremely lucky walking away with “just a few scratches” to her body.
Just to make it clear. The residents have said (in the planning consultation) they DO NOT WANT this development. They also said (in the Local Plan consultations) that they DO NOT WANT development in the strategic gap.
It makes me wish I liked radishes better. These aren't spicy or tough, and just okay. From the looks of it, the raised beds were a good project and there may be room for more of them. Perhaps I just don't have a good frame of reference for these little guys.
The mixture is simmered for 10 minutes. It is then strained and the juice is squeezed out. The liquid is measured and an equal amount of cream is added to it. This mixture is boiled until it reaches a soft, ointment-like consistency. It is cooled and can be applied to the nipples after the baby has finished nursing.
Business owners, who operate mostly in the Butterworth, Dutywa and Centane areas, claim they have lost millions of rands and have now decided to close down their shops.
Fourth, the film darkly addresses human nature, with an ending that leaves Alex more or less as we found him at the beginning. The movie seems to say that free will is essential to human existence — that we must be able to choose to be good or bad, otherwise we cease to be little more than slaves or robots. Some people are inherently good, or evil, or weak — and there’s not always an explanation or solution for it. The government does not fare much better, in the film’s eyes. They try to fix Alex, not because it is the right or humane thing to do, but to control him. When Alex’s torture and suicide attempt are publicized and the government criticized for their actions, they reverse the treatment and cure him to remain popular. Principle is not involved. Even Frank Alexander has plans to use Alex for his own left-wing political objectives until he realizes who he really is, and seeks retribution.
Meanwhile, IGN reports that the PS4 will be powered specifically by the AMD Radeon HD 7670 chip and the A8-3850 APU.
Are you ready for THE NEWS?
Tim Holtz...Pattern & Stitches Texture Fades
Beans - 10 nos, sliced
Basically, I’m writing this article on a whim to alert you to the fact that you should NOT listen to this album. DO. NOT. LISTEN. TO. IT. Under no circumstances should you purchase this record. If you do, bricks may be thrown through your kitchen windows bearing death threat notes from an anonymous source.
"My colleague and I were discussing, at length, the art of tattooing (it was, after all, Friday afternoon!).
My husband and I are big history nerds. We love to visit local historical societies as well as sites of national significance. It hasn’t been easy on our pocketbook, though, since most of these places charge an admission fee. We’ve paid a variety of prices – from a goodwill donation to upwards of $30 a person at Chicago’s Field Museum. In this post, I will share how we’ve saved money on museum admission, nationwide, through the Time Travelers program.
I remember collecting stickers when I was a kid - I had a giant album's worth and I'm fairly certain that most of them were by local sticker maker, Sandylion. I loved all the different varieties - fuzzy stickers, shiny ones, and even scratch-and-sniff. Visiting the Sandylion Sticker Outlet was definitely a blast from the past as I recognized some of the stickers that I had as a child still up for sale at the warehouse outlet store!
i know we're all pals around here, but have y'all checked out some of the blogs on my sidebar? some heady stuff over there. if y'all haven't already, check out one or 2 that are new and enjoy some really good people.
Later still came the ignominy and deep uncomfortability of a catheter, and blood transfusions, and endless rounds of blood tests and blood pressure tests and heart rate tests, and the shock on my parents' faces when they arrived and saw the state of me. And then once I'd been moved to the gastric ward (it looks likely the culprit was a burst ulcer somewhere inside me, the blood building up in my stomach until my body rebelled and vomited it out) there were days and nights of memorable people and scenes: the quiet efficiency and kindness of the nurses; the young guy in the far corner bed, completely immobile, blinking his only method of communication; the way patients vanished when your head was turned, wheeled off to surgery or to another ward; the man talking to his wife on the phone from his bed, planning their separate Sunday night television viewing, a comforting BBC1 role call of Countryfile, Antiques Roadshow and Secret Britain; the man who, his mind altered with Parkinson's and infected piss, spent one entire night hallucinating that he was in a church, reciting the Lord's Prayer over and over, singing hymns, sermonising about God and Love, convinced that the high ceilinged room was a church hall and the coloured monitors above each bed were stained-glass windows.
Every now and then a friend, family member or neighbor will tell me they like reading Poop and Boogies. Sometimes I will ask them if they remember any specific post or story. The one post that comes up the most is this one from a few years ago.
Not listening to other people enough. I sometimes rush through things too quickly without taking into consideration the other person's opinion. I can also go from one extreme to the other very swiftly. Then, again, I'm a Scorpio, what did you expect?
But back to the Brompton Cocktail: this contained Heroin, Cocaine, Largactil and the alcohol of your choice which was often Brandy. For those of a sweeter tastes, a tincture of orange might be added to make it more palatable. The resultant pain relief was often good, but the hallucinations were pretty difficult to cope with.
This book asks the question: What if the defendants in a certain jurisdiction banded together and decided not to plea bargain, insisting on a full jury trial for every case? It would overwhelm the system. There wouldn’t be enough prosecutors or public defenders or available court dates. Even the defendants who lost would be able to claim ineffective assistance of counsel or the lack of a speedy trial on appeal. The system would be thrown into chaos.
To submit your film, PLEASE EMAIL johnw@kinofilm.org.uk. You will be sent the application form which you should complete and send in with a dvd screener of your film.
I also have what, I hope, is a really fun vlog. This week I decided to try to play a game with you guys through my vlog. If you were a child of the 80′s (or had a child in the 80′s), then you should appreciate the throw back to a time when cartoons were awesome. Be warned, though, in this video I do not hold my natural dorkiness back. This is me in all my dork glory.
Brulee’s eyes narrowed. “And I,” said the draenei, “never wished to take up the sword in the Light’s name, to increase my combat prowness, to kill on the field of battle. War was thrust upon me and my people. I wanted us to live, and therefore I learned.”
Eyewitnesses said they were found by a local fisherman and the victims were believed to be fishermen too. The bodies had been lined up and appeared to have been executed with firearms. Two cars were found in the vicinity with open doors.
It doesn't matter how stupid it is, if it relieves or impedes boredom, people will do it.
Where to begin? I suppose I should start with March 7, 2011 and go from there.
Della Rovere talks plans to strip Alexander of his papacy, as Micheletto listens outside the door.
She tries not to smile “Are you Crazy!!”.
I love that none of these are over $20. I've had good luck with footwear from Target but I think that's because I'm realistic. Sandals are fine to get cheap, you won't run into the same issues are you might with cheap enclosed pumps or boots. They don't have to be real leather and it's nice you don't have to worry about them. I've had good luck with the Converse and slippers from there too.
5) Lair of the Minotaur – Evil Power
This cruel world. Lightly though she shone,
“Nope. An illegal.”
“no offense,” he wrote, “but can we stop calling blog posts and blog articles ‘blogs’? unless you actually are composing an entire collection of articles and posts each time you say you’ve written ‘a blog’, you’re really not using the correct term and are just coming off as uninformed and just desperately trying to drop a buzzword (albeit incorrectly).”
Oh. Wait. 7 years later people are still dying, the Taliban still controls most of the territory, and we never got Bin Laden. Are we just sending people there to act as magnets for the bad guys in the hope that we’ll shoot all the bad guys? That’s not how it works.
The smothered pain, grew uncontainable-
"Hold on now," Kristy says, eyes wide and disbelieving. "We have a Ministry of Evil Affairs?!?"
"I am 100000% sure that The Statue of Liberty IS the father" Falls to ground in shock when the results are read out.
Earlier this week a friend dropped by with her two- year-old granddaughter and a frozen chicken pot-pie. She asked to use my micro to heat up a meal for the child, because the electricity was off at her house.
Jill: *Cough* Erm…I brought you back the complimentary hotel toiletries!
Or under seals broken by the lean solicitor
Please read and understand each product's descriptions carefully. By purchasing these items, you accept this policy.
Do you have any big travel plans for the summer time? I know we will be going to the beach at least once, and going back and forth from our water park almost every day. Travelling every day can take its toll especially on your car. To keep our vehicles safe, I always try to keep a good distance between our car and large semi trucks, but sometimes their wheels send rocks my way and I get a chip in the wind shield or a ding. When we bought our car it was used and I noticed a small chip in the windshield. My husband took it very seriously and actually took it right over to our local Saflite AutoGlass center. They were amazingly fast and very inexpensive. There are so many things we can do to keep our families safe while we're on the road. Here are my 10 tips to keep your family safe on the road (with some tips from Safelite Autoglass!):
Be still, my soul, though dearest friends depart
Side note: I’m so caught up in the process of this thing and flowing with it that I don’t know if I’m completely losing everyone when I try to convey my thoughts about these things.
Thread Catchers: 1
In fact, in the passage in his Institutes concerning head coverings, Calvin writes, “If the church requires it, we may not only without any offense allow something to be changed but permit any observances previously in use among us to be abandoned” (qtd. 158). Thus, argues Douglass, Calvin is open to changes in church order concerning indifferent issues.
In the end The Doctor stops the Monk by sabotaging his dimensional control within his TARDIS, marooning him in 1066.
Fellow Revolution Wheels driver Max Utting enjoyed a successful tarmac rallying debut as he drove his Subaru Impreza N12b to 16th overall. Utting, who had never driven his Subaru on tarmac before, ensured that he finished the rally in order to gain as much experience as possible and had indeed been even higher up the leader board until a puncture cost him precious time. This weekend was a massive learning curve! Not only had I never driven the car on tarmac before but I was also using a new notes system! I loved the rally and the notes worked very well so it was a success!
of what I thought I had to cast..
8. And here is my favorite application off Google Earth: one of my HeidiSongs Facebook friends that I met at the conference, Debbie Eiss, suggested that Google Earth might be a great tool to find out if kids really live where the parents say they live! Simply type in the address that is listed on the child’s contact information and pull up a picture of the residence. Then ask the child, “Is this your house?” If the child says, “No, that’s my Grandma’s house!” or something along those lines, then you’ll know that an investigation is in order! I LOVE it!!!
“You just need to believe,” said Master Oogway.
I have admiration for all those who will be giving their time freely and willingly though...
Then I took a trip to my fav lil beach—Nerja!
A thief comes only to steal and slaughter and destroy;
The crop was Friday from 10am to 3am, Saturday from 10am to 3am and Sunday from 10am to 5pm. We did stay for the most part but since I was driving back and forth and I am about 45 to 50 minutes away I decided to leave a little earlier each day. Sunday I did go at about 11am and left at 3pm to be able to watch the Heat game.
You can too take into consideration what type of actions they’ve on-line also with polls, quizzes, articles and all sorts of issues that will help you meet up with new individuals also. However, in terms of the time to begin eager about meeting online and meeting head to head, then you will get nervous and somewhat panicked. It’s comprehensible however some sites will provide assist to to get by method of the nervousness and help two individuals meet up safely and in a place which is going to be comfortable for both parties involved. You might not have the ability to feel snug or even get to know your personal feelings about somebody until you sit down in a relaxed environment where you may each have a dialog and get to know one another.
I scuffed my feet and stared at the ground debating if I should take it or not.
brown wool jersey
and then there was this email i received today:
I am one of three volunteers who moved sites during our first three months of service, mine being the most recent. Since moving to Khemisset, and with the help of my site mate Eric who has been here one year longer than I, I have met with a women’s association, youth association, worker’s association, and two youth centers in town. I was also briefly introduced to two high school English teachers who Eric says will probably want me to help in their classes overtime. I am also meeting with a female high school English teacher next week to discuss if I can start helping in her classes. Making these initial connections over the past month has been exciting with many possibilities for work. I am anxious to start getting more involved and feel March will be a big month for me.
So M...
There are some days where you can remember where you were, what you were doing, no matter how much time passes.
His smile grew larger with every mouse click
A voice is being formed. Now you have this voice of empowering, encouraging, speaking forgiveness, praise & worship is your heartbeat, and prayer is the oxygen your lungs breathe in. Faith is your limbs taking you to the path of righteousness. Moving about with courage and grace. No matter the storm you will strive in the word of God and be delivered of your sins and serve the Holy One!
You might want to consider the following: -
Being easy to use and the clean interface are Penultimate’s biggest assets. However, that comes at a cost of advanced features. There’s no close-up box, you can’t type in text, and there’s not even that many colors or brush sizes to choose from. Maybe though that would be missing the point of the app.
I’ve had a few ideas and topics I wanted to write about, and I ended up not choosing any of those and choosing to talk about photo selection instead. I had a National Scrapbook Day on April 28, and as I’m watching a friend scrapbook, I’m wondering how on earth she has managed to fit over a year and a half of photos in one scrapbook, and I have one scrapbook from about June to October? You know who you are, and you have inspired me to change my photo selection. In a good way of course. it’s hard to decide what photos to put in, especially being a mom, and having a digital camera. Digital cameras have drastically changed photos and scrapbooking.
What ends up being the best beer for the changing of the seasons is the Stout. Pushed onto American palates by Guinness- hey I started there, you probably did too- the rich, roasty goodness can get you through the cooler nights. So grab a dark one, and enjoy.
Domitille's children decoration
about the light, but says, I am the light of the world.” No wonder the soldiers
Hang one amputated arm over heavy lidded eyes.
The West Coast was a foreign concept to me. More than that, I had a mother recovering from a life-threatening disease and my only grandmother faced serious health issues as well. Lauren moved west without me, but with a promise that I would visit as soon as I could. A few months later she was settled into her dark and cozy Pacific Heights attic apartment, and I made good on my promise.
Here are a few pics from the most recent weeks:)
5-6 pounds $5.13
20th Century Fox Records
Round 4: Ch 3. *2 dc in nxt dc, dc in next 5 dc. Repeat from * around. (35 dc) Join to top ch of ch 3.
And the best part is, they even ship internationally!
* Sayid, in a sideways flash, sees Jack in the hospital when his brother was taken to emergency. Sayid will avenge his brother, gets the evil look in his eyes.
“Oh come on.”
No? Well, you should, really, this should be a goal: to feel better at the end of a meal if not down right happy.
The magic word is "yes."
A good wire brushing to clean up dirt and splinters and I was done. I think I will be adding a handle to the top, at the back, for easier carrying. I can use it flat or pop out the hinge and use it as an easel.
that the best bit is the first bit and the last bit. In between the
1 brown onion, peeled, sliced into 6-8 pieces
A teacher at General Smuts High School explained how protesters cut the school’s fence and trampled it to gain access to the property.
Ffeirio Says! Oops, Well done George. What a blinder? Despite his attempts to present the Budget as a ‘Robin Hood’ tax raid on the super-rich to help the poor, it soon emerged that the biggest money spinner was a ‘granny tax’ grab on half of the country’s pension population.George wants to realise that Pensioners have worked hard, Paid taxes, Spent years saving, even fought wars on our behalf. More importantly they vote.
I shall take time out from moaning about my inner ear dysfunction to share with you a hilarious phone interchange I had with Trish the other day.
Serrano described as very positive the world campaign “Five Days for the Five”, held recently in Washington and involving hundreds of activities in several U.S. states and European and Latin American countries.
Is there anything that makes you feel more like a dutiful parent than sitting through your child's Holiday Recital? Why don't they serve alcohol at these functions? I bet people wouldn't start sneaking out so soon if they could knock back a margarita or two in between songs.
If there’s a part of scripture that best illustrates how Mormons twist the word of God, this is it. We have always maintained that Mormons are great basing an entire belief system upon one or two verses of scripture. This is a well known fact amongst those of us who work in the field of counter-cult ministries. The LDS Church is no exception to this rule, although they would vehemently deny the allegations. There is literally one verse that talks about baptism for the dead and this is what the Mormon Church has put their minds on to set a standard of a dead work for their god. It is found in 1 Corinthians 15:29 and it says; ‘Else what shall they do which are baptized for the dead, if the dead rise not at all? Why are they then baptized for the dead?’
Oh, and it's not "bitching." It's "constructive criticism."
There is also this box, full of boxes and bits that I took to the retreat with me at weekend and haven't unpacked yet. It took less than half a day to pack them, but I somehow think it will take a lot more to put them away.
I'm in Berlin right now shooting an ad campaign. Yesterday I met Claude, her name is Claudia but she hates that name. As you can see, Claude is a beautiful example of a young lady that knows how to play up her best assets. We cast her because she has the figure of a real, everyday girl: she stands about 5'1" and she is very curvy. You can't really appreciate her curves because of her coat, but they're there. It has actually been a little difficult to find samples that fit her correctly but really, who could get past her hair, lips and those legs? She knows that these are her best featues and works with us to find looks that suit her best.
Andrew Gow is the Ale Stars Tzar for the Sydney crowd and he is a bloke who is not only passionate about beer and brewing but communicates his knowledge and thoughts really well. He is also very capable of encouraging discussion and debate so those who attend will feel encouraged to participate rather than feel they are sitting in a classroom situation – a classroom where you have to drink beer, and where your homework will involve drinking more beer, but ... Interaction and discussion is what makes Ale Stars such a great night out. I was fortunate enough to have a good beer-chat with AG when he was down for an Ale Stars session late last year and I know he will bring a great vibe to the Darlo Ale Stars.
There was one point – where I was explaining how funny and/or disgusting sexual relations are – of all kinds – not just the cringy older-man-sex like the kind I was ostensibly offering the seemingly-innocent 24-year-old Josie Long acolyte – Josie Long – the oh-so-correct comic whom the woman oddly hadn’t heard of – all the while I was stroking the hair of the middle-aged man and touching the knee of 30ish non-gay Government employee bloke – it was so uncomfortable that I started laughing so hard I had to kneel down – gasping for air and life.
I dragged out lots of my stash and plonked it here and there. I never work to a huge plan. I have an idea where I want to go, know what I like and what I think works and just let it happen as I go along.
And the header isn't all that
- Take the phone number and name of a manager at the agency with you. (Paris Address told us that Apt. #1 was inventory from another agency and said that they had not inspected the place personally "yet". Whatever; they moved us.)
2 apologies
In his concurrence, Justice Kennedy instructed courts to be cognizant of the nature of the patent being enforced and the economic function of the patent holder when applying the equitable factors. eBay, 126 S. Ct. at 1842 (Kennedy, J., concurring) (“When the patented invention is but a small component of the product the companies seek to produce and the threat of an injunction is employed simply for undue leverage in negotiations, legal damages may well be sufficient to compensate for the infringement and an injunction may not serve the public interest.”) . . . The right to exclude becomes more urgent when the product is the invention.
And their new friends.
But it was in the third Bond film, Goldfinger, that Q would become iconic. That's when he unveils his tricked-out Austin Martin DB-V, with machine guns in the headlights, spinning license plates, homing device trackers, and the ejector seat. It's too bad that the car doesn't end up amounting to much...but Q's attitude toward James Bond becomes clear when Bond says "You're joking!" in reference to the ejector seat, and Q replies, "I never joke about my work, 007."
I trained Reggie with small food treats. Nothing opens his ears like little pieces of hot dog. Feeding schedule: twice a day, once about seven in the morning, and again at six in the evening. Regular store-bought stuff; the shelter has the brand
"Theres another bloke called Steve Jones who is going to be on X Factor"
One of the friends who has brought Buddhism into my family is Sharron Mendel Swain, who was raised by one Jewish and one Christian parent, found a spiritual home in Buddhism in her 20s, and now runs a UU religious education program. Her Buddhist practice is based on the teachings of peace activist and Vietnamese Buddhist monk Thich Nhat Hanh, who was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize by Martin Luther King Jr., and created the Plum Village community in France. Recently, I asked Sharron about the appeal of Buddhism for her, as an interfaith child.
As you can see, I had quite a mess because I decided to pull all the yarn out of it’s nice little roll so that I could cut it off: I do not recommend this! It got all knotted and messy and would be much easier if you just pulled it straight from the little ball of yarn. (See, you can tell I’m not a knitter, I don’t even know what to call the ball of yarn.)
The other side of the coin is that you don't know how to rate praise from someone until you know what else they like. I've lost count of the number of fan e-mails I've had that say "You are my second favourite writer after X" where X = someone like Christopher Paolini!
Kofi Annan, former U.N secretary general was quoted in a recent New York Times article describing this new influx of Hedge Funds as a new “scramble for Africa,” recalling European colonization of the continent in the 17th and 18th century. “We have seen a scramble for Africa before, and I don’t think we want to see a second scramble of that kind,” Annan said. “If the food security of the countries, rather than profiteering is not the main goal, it is straightforward exploitation.” In fact, the Oakland Institute cited multiple accounts where families were forcibly removed from their ancestral lands and livelihoods, often with little or no compensation to make way for export commodities, such biofuels, and cut flowers.
Yes we certainly can, but in order to do so, we need to define what our goals are. What is it that we want to achieve? Many people are still divided on this issue. Some say we should push for an independent homeland for ourselves in the Cape, some say the entire South Africa is ours already. Some want the old Boer Republics reinstated. Some wants to rule alongside blacks in a type of Federation. Some whites simply want to leave.
Maybe one day the average westerner will understand the mentality of Southern African blacks. That they have never been interested in being equal to any other nation, least of all a predominantly white one. They want to consume everything in sight. And if it is difficult for some or other reason, it is bad and the white man’s fault.
Add all the ingredients under paneer balls except oil ,together and make walnut size balls.Heat oil and deep fry in medium flame till brown in colour.Remove the paneer balls from oil and strain the excess oil on paper towel.Keep the fried paneer balls aside.
Hello people!
My favorite of these two table runners is the one with the black lace trim.
So my friend Catherine has great style. I always find myself copying her without meaning too, but hopefully she finds it flattering...after all imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, right? Well, first she got me obsessed with scarves. My wardrobe is somewhat basic, without a lot of patterns. I never understood how much pizazz a scarf can give a plain outfit! But now she has me addicted to nail polish. I have always had a love of makeup, but in the past I have never really made time for my nails. I think that is going to change! I just feel like anything you can do to make yourself feel pretty and boost your self-esteem is a good thing. I'm not saying that someone needs makeup and a manicure to be beautiful. However, taking care of yourself (including your outer appearance) is very healthy in my opinion.
Thanks so much to Ashli for letting me get nosy and cozy in her home today!
Fill a glass bowl full of water. Place the bowl in the microwave for about three minutes. This should be long enough to steam the inside of the microwave. Now wiping it down is a snap! (My sister says she skips the bowl and just puts a wet cloth in--even easier!)
Other questions also exist like will Iguodala be a part of the Sixers future plans? Will Elton Brand be as productive as he was last season? What type of impact will Nikola Vucevic have in his rookie season? Can Temple product Lavoy Allen make the team? Should the team use the amnesty clause on Andres Nocioni $6 million contract? Will Jodie Meeks continue to provide a shooting spark? Will Lou Williams continue to thrive as a sixth man?
RETURNS varchar AS $$
Katie and I initially went along to the weekly toddler group which ran in a local church. It was quite a large group in a large space. I think we lasted 6 sessions before Katie said to me that she didn't like it there. Neither did I! No-one ever really spoke to us after the first session. I tried initiating conversations with some of the other mothers there but no-one seemed particularly interested or friendly for that matter. The children mostly seemed to compete with each other for the toys. So we left. As fast as we could. And never went back.
I had a bit of a mini film fest, going to see I am Love and A Prophet in the same week, two very different films. I enjoyed the first mainly because it was in Italian, but I did get drawn into the story. It took me a while to get past the weirdness of the kind of wealthy existence portrayed, where you have staff around all the time to cook, clean, pull your curtains for you etc, but once I'd adjusted to that I became quite intrigued by the characters.
"Mom," I tried.
Of all the pictures that were taken, the one below is my absolute favorite! The brick wall. The love seat. The colors. It's quite wonderful.
Without access to the as yet unpublished clarification on overrun engine mappings, it hard to be sure if it might still be beneficial for teams to blow bodywork for aero benefit. It may end up that it’s better to create an aero neutral exhaust position.
Talking with Bill, I had a breakdown. Tears pouring into my glass of wine as I sit in the dark on my couch. If people walk out of a church service and did not feel the love of Jesus, we as church leaders failed. We aren’t doing our jobs. Not only that, if people interact with us on a daily basis and they don’t feel the love of Jesus we are sucking as Christians. End of story.
Treu, a medical assistant in the Johannesburg concentration camp, stated that patients were bullied and even lashed with a strap.
They were investigated under Section 298A (1) of the Penal Code for causing disharmony, disunity or feelings of enmity, hatred or ill will, or prejudicing the maintenance of harmony or unity, on grounds of religion.
You know not to stop walking when someone asks you what time it is. You know that this is a common set-up for a mugging.
3 Tbsp. light brown sugar
Step Six:
Two men detained for questioning Wednesday were no longer suspects in the robbery, police spokesman Ulf Goranzon said.
-HIDE THE EVIDENCE, MORON
held his heart in his hands,
then painstakingly instructed me as to how to arrange the rest.
My family owns a Chinese restaurant, Chee’s Chinese Cuisine, which has been voted best in the Berkshires three years running now and naturally I am pretty proud of this. This year there was an article in the paper on how it was celebrating its 25 year anniversary. I thought this was admirable and considerably impressive but then I read this article on a restaurant with a 100 year history that was about to close because it couldn’t afford the necessary renovations and upgrades it needed to meet particular standards.
I could see myself stretched out on a metal slab. It felt like I was viewing myself from outside my body. I lay very still staring unfocused at the bright light over head. Around me the room was circular in shape, the walls and floor also made of metal gleamed under the harsh lights. A strange scent stung my nostrils a sweet antiseptic smell. I could see a shadowy form standing beside me, I struggled to see through the cloudy film that was slowly blinding me, and tried to bring the image into focus. I wanted to raise my head to get a better look, but my muscles were frozen. I lowered my gaze down to where the thing had taken hold of my wrist. He looked like he was checking my pulse. I knew there wasn’t one, my heart had stopped beating, my blood deprived of oxygen was slowly thickening, and congealing inside of me. I could just make out three long spidery fingers attached to a shrunken gray arm. The sight filled me with dread, I wanted to run, to flee from what I was seeing, but I couldn’t move. I started sobbing for the thing to get away from me, but all I could manage was weak mewing sounds. My stomach twisted into oily knots as the thing came into full view.
You remember the day we bought the bedding, right?...
(Senate Armed Services Committee, 9/11/07)
In theory class I was biting into my hand and finger. Banging my head off the table. Checking phone even though I haven’t took my eyes off it. And, thinking of all these reasons they wouldn’t want to hire me.
Brent Spiner, a good friend of Logan’s, shares writing credit. T makes sense. Yet again Data is a central part of the story just like every other TNG era film. Spiner’s creative hand makes much of data’s involvement wish fulfillment along similar lines to William Shatner in The Final Frontier. I will give Spiner some credit for understanding more characters than his own. Granted, many members of the cast were phoning in their performances here, but I do not think that was Spiner’s fault. All that said, his hammy singing of Irving Berlin, his double role as data and B4, and the clear attempt to copy the drama of Spock’s sacrifice in The Wrath of Khan I the climax all have Spiner’s ego written all over it. Data has always been my favorite character, but even I thought his role here is obnoxious.
Here's my card:
So, why am I spinning this tangent? Maybe it’s because I was making a list of the things I’ve let go this year:
(and yes I realize wont is 3rd person but I like it and I’m using it in this context)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8x3 inch loaf pans. Whisk together the flour, baking powder, and baking soda; set aside.
I am lucky. I’ve been able to release this tension through walks, through tears, and — at the beginning — through screaming. I have not passed all the landmarks of grief — some people experience their worst pain at eight months, others need two years just to regain their equilibrium, and of course, there are all those firsts that are yet to come: the first Thanksgiving, first Christmas, first anniversary of his death — but perhaps the worst of the storms have passed. Or I could be fooling myself. This sad but not terribly painful stage I am going through could be just a hiatus, the eye of a storm, and the forces of grief are gathering themselves for a new onslaught. These months of grief survival, however, have taught me that I will be able to endure whatever comes.
For growth you need to also hear what you don’t know.
3 dashes orange bitters
-- Two-thirds of all Indian boys between 11 and 20 arrested formurder, killing the man who assaulted their mother.
My wife bought me a ‘just because’ present. From a charity shop. She’s always been a big spender…. Still it wasn’t just a charity shop; it was the 2gether shop in Chislehurst, described by one newspaper as ‘the Harrods of charity shops.’
The true nationalist must accept this before stepping into the arena, lest that individual be shocked by the devious and evil tactics our enemies employ.
Revenge had seemed a good idea with a skinful of beer and whisky chasers. It had lost its appeal the second he tasted the blood spurting from Rolly’s neck.
Bonny Prince Charles may be more familiar to you all from the old song:
This is the zeitgeist of Big Sur, the essential spirit of the place. Escaping here offers the hope of getting off the merry-go-round of Life, leaving behind the desperation and confusion of the mainstream world in order to find a little peace of mind.
Don’t be afraid of it, we ALL have bad days and bad times. Believe me, there is not one spiritual teacher, yogi or nun that is free of fear and anger.
Money disappeared and little was spent on actually training the troops to use the new stuff, or providing funds to maintain the high tech stuff.
The crowd of runners divided around mile 12, and there was a huge cheer station at the split rooting on the half-ers. But, immediately after it was just us fulls left, there was nothing.
There is a gym down the street that is part of a franchise offering movement and fitness classes for kids. Their website indicates that they offer classes starting as early as two months old but this particular location apparently does not offer those. So, we will have to wait until he is 5 months old to get started there. I am looking forward to trying this place out though because they seem to have lots of fun ways to entertain and engage the kids in movement.
9. Homemade by Jill
Large corporations are gambling. They know that millions of Americans are out of work and as a result are buying fewer big ticket items, but these corporations see how that all could change if a Republican gets in and caters to big business.
In 2008, I had a super cute haircut. Chin length, fun, light. Then I met a guy... Knowing who I am and my personality, I sort of do things on a whim. I was having a bad hair day. Boy...meet hair! Not a good idea actually, but I take FULL responsibility. I sat down on the toilet, handed him a pair of scissors and told him to cut it. Well.......he did, but after he lopped off the front chunk, I freaked out and told him to stop. TOO LATE! Ha. Boy will never get near my hair with with scissors again!
Big year! Big, BIG year!
today lies under ice betrayed…………..
New projects - 4
Over the years I've collected a very nice library of books on art, needlecraft, wood turning, paper art, and more. Sometimes I will just sit and look at the books, sometimes I'll come up close and read every title and try to see what I remember from inside each of the books. Every once in awhile there will be a book that I swear I never saw before, don't remember when I bought it. I'll look through the book as if looking at a stranger. Then, on one page, I'll see something that will jolt my memory, like a familiar glimmer in the "stranger"'s eye, and I'll remember.
Would you return and why?
“On interrogation, the
Every time we are faced with a new obstacle, I feel overwhelmed and pissed off and sad and convinced that this one is it, this is the one that will bring us down, that will change who we are, who he is. And every time I’ve been proved wrong. Every time we’ve ended up okay.
“This is the beginning of the new age. This is the threshold. This is the global initiation into the new age.
So this is me, stuck in the mud. Looking around and no longer trying to get out because that makes the suction stronger. I will stand here in silence, look around me and listen and just be still. When the time is right I will be able to move.
Though human sacrifices were performed in other Mayan cities, Tulum celebrated the God of Life, and so people were spared. Instead, they sacrificed animals such as jaguars, animals that were easily captured… While human sacrifices may seem barbaric, Tulum shows that the Mayans also celebrated life and appreciated it. In reality, it’s not all that different than the modern day willingness to sacrifice lives for the cause of war. It doesn’t show a disrespect or devaluing of life, but an understanding of a greater purpose and belief that the life is being given for a cause. People in Mayan civilizations actually battled it out through games to compete for the opportunity and honor of being sacrificed. I would lose on purpose.
Four days after a dozen journalists were assaulted and photo equipment damaged, police public relations at Bukit Aman invited — or pleaded with or cajoled or harassed — editors to meet the Inspector-General of Police this morning for what was described as a “breakfast meeting”.
They're living every girls dream: getting spray tanned and wearing padded bras.
My body talked. I listened.
I have previously written about curb appeal being essential in attracting a potential buyer as the outside of a house reflects what is on the inside. A poor outside appearance sends a negative message about the interior condition and is a sign of poor maintenance and hidden problems. For all you buyers out there – do take note of everything you see. It is easy to be captivated by a home’s decor and wonderful staging but do not let this distract you from the fundamental details.
Truth be told...I could be happy in any one of them. But something about Mothers day dinner in Tuscany, Napa or on the beach is calling my name! How about you? Don't forget to enter the giveaway for the beautiful crystal urn candle over at Art by Karena. Click here to visit and be eligible! Wishing you a fabulous day......
"I have no idea," she said.
As I travelled through station after station not only the landscape and air began to change but so did the people, they became whiter, and seemed more at one with their world than those where I had left that morning. They seemed, more relaxed, more confident and certainly more friendly and I knew why, for they are English, this was still England and it felt as if it would last forever.
If you agree, please tell 10 people you know and tell them to tell 10
And I love. Looove. It fell a little flat before I could get these pictures, but I think my new hair and I are going to be friends. I haven't tried styling it on my own yet, but that dear stylist assured me it's going to be all wash-and-wear from this day forward and I should style it only if I want to look extra sleek.
(Also observe the crowd reaction to the repeated “if you love me.”)
SO, last night we tried it out - Her and Eliza will share a room..... my thoughts = this could be very interesting! Two silly girls sharing a room.... hmmmm :)
Not that that excuses you if you then say, well I’m just an innately nasty, selfish, greedy person, so therefore allow me to be that person!
So why the endless efforts to have subscribers (Be it RSS feed, Google reader, Twitter, Facebook, WordPress etc.). Well for all those people selling something, increased visitors equals increased subscribers, and subscribers equal increased sales. Also, subscribers agree to receive your marketing materials, and are therefor more likely to buy. Making subscribers gold.
That simply isn’t happening and, so far, we haven’t been able to get any assurances that it will. Thus, s12 Children Act 2004, which empowers the Secretary of State to create children’s databases via regulations, remains in force and construction of Contactpoint’s nasty little sister, the eCAF database, continues. This is to hold and share the personal profile, or CAF, of every child seeking council services – around 4m children a year.
And, while I had my Verve stamps out, I used this month's second Viva la Verve sketch to make this birthday card. I don't need it until next week, but it's nice to have it off my to do list before the weekend!
Additional traffic signals will be installed as well on Michigan Avenue.
1/3 c. carrot
It seems that our worship expressions and expectations are conditioned more by our culture than on Scripture and more influenced by TV and media than truth and tradition.
* Sanjay Gupta: reason unspecified
07. Ain't Too Proud To Beg
9C. GPS, Geocaching, and Locative Media – TEL 217
“Herein lie buried many things which if read with patience may show the strange meaning of being black here at the dawning of the Twentieth Century. This meaning is not without interest to you, Gentle Reader; for the problem of the Twentieth Century is the problem of the color line. I pray you, then, receive my little book in all charity, studying my words with me, forgiving mistake and foible for sake of the faith and passion that is in me, and seeking the grain of truth hidden there”.
U.S. households on average spend 41% of their food budgets outside their homes, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' Consumer Expenditure Survey (the proportion is 44% for singles). While you may think you're saving money dining off the dollar menu, you could be courting health problems, since the cheapest fast food items are often the ones loaded with fat and sugar. The foods that should be filling half your plate -- fruits and vegetables -- may be hard to find or overly processed when you buy them from fast-food outlets, so ultimately you'll save money and eat better preparing food at home.
Whether it’s traffic-free mass participation rides through our cities or cycling as a competitive sport to encourage excellence among the best in the country, Sport18’s India Cyclothon presents opportunities for elite and amateur cyclists, for beginners, children, families and even institutions to express their solidarity for a cause by saddling up and cycling in traffic-free mass participation rides in urban areas.
We spent several hours at the museum and saw lots of different things. The spinning tunnel at the end was very disorienting! I’m glad we drove down, but accessibility problems really detracted from the visit. The journey down the stairs was difficult. the stairs were so steep and tall that even without a stroller they would have made me nervous. They can’t be safe for senior citizens either. I really wish they would make this place more accessible!
Bolaño (brandishing the books triumphantly): Here they are.
There are a lot of "favorites" on my list of authors. Some of these authors write one flaming meteor of a book and are never able to duplicate this glory and you wonder where their muse is hiding. Others manage to write many wonderful stories. Years ago, a dear friend from my college days, Tim, introduced me to the author, Pat Conroy.
Well, it sounds like the address file has found a wonderful home. Thankyou to everyone who entered my giveaway, truly I wish that I had a little something to send to each and everyone of you. But I will be having more giveaways soon, as I have a few "extra" address files, and some other items to find good homes for as well, so keep in touch!
I still have the urges to light up at certain times of the day. I want to smoke when I wake up, when I drive (especially here in New Jersey – there is a reason why auto insurance is higher in New Jersey than in any other state – people here don’t know how to drive!) I also want to smoke when writing blog entries. (This is why I haven’t written in a few days.)
One cable noted that a top Interior Ministry counter-drug official had complained that U.S. cooperation on drug interdictions was “often one-sided” and that Cuba wanted to work more closely with U.S. officials in sharing information about trafficking in the region.
All these values are important to me and life just dosen't "click" for me if one of them isn't quite right or I am having troubles with one.
January 2010.
Philyaw looked so much like Bogey that no one would believe it without actually seeing it, and even then they had a hard time believing it. It was said he’d caused fender-benders just walking down a sidewalk. Cheskis marveled that Philyaw, rather than trying to alter his looks, embraced them, smoking old-fashioned, no-filter cigarettes and dressing like Bogey --- in a forties hat and rumpled trench coat. In 1985 this apparel would be rare anywhere, but in Southern California it was rarer than bar mitzvah bacon.
60. Cf. Baudelaire:
Well.. One trailer specifically. It was for a movie called “Bully”. It’s a documentary that addresses the growing issue with bullying in our country, and specifically focuses on a young kid currently dealing with being bullied as well as the families of two young men who killed themselves over excessive bullying. One who suffered from Aspergers Syndrome, when he was 17, and one who hung himself at age 11. Fucking ELEVEN.
These are just some of the nail manifestations of what may be a widespread clinical problem: the list includes white nails, brittle nails, ridged nails and in many young people, bitten nails: but then, not everything that looks a bit ugly need be a cause for concern.
The good news is there is no reason to become stressed if your baby is breech or not head down even during the late stages of pregnancy, because most breech babies turn just before the pushing stage during labor.
Seriously. It's winter. It's fucking 20 degrees. There are two feet of snow outside and I HAVE NO HEAT! I feel like I'm going to cry.
Linda Howard has a gift of storytelling like so many accomplished writers but through this book it was full of grit. There was no happy plot, it was adventure, mystery and betrayal, all things that make a fascinating thriller.
I wish I had a suggestion about Peter....I have been advocating for him for YEARS. Nothing short of a full grant is going to do much for him, I'm afraid.
I mean, Google has only given me, for free*:
A Season for Miracles ... Hallmark Channel ... 10 PM
The most interesting part of all to me has been my response. I have had the full range of sometimes intense emotions; however, I have taken it all in stride and not let the emotions of any one moment get set into a more lasting mood problem. I have somehow stayed grounded in my center and just let it be. I am actually letting my life unfold and maintaining a sort of curious detachment. The word that best describes it for me is transcendence. It feels good. I like it; and, I hope I can hold on to it.
His spokesperson Zweli Mnisi did not comment on the figure, saying only that Mthethwa was in KwaZulu-Natal around December on "official duties", partaking in roadshows aimed at reducing festive season crime. His stay there during April was due to the national elections.
Speaking of Racer 5, they serve a Black IPA version of it here, called Black Racer, where the coffee-like like bitterness of the malt melds with the bitter hops creating a very bitter, yet mellow and easy drinking experience. Finally, Linda and I split a Racer 10, a Imperial IPA version of Racer 5 for "dessert". I'm beginning to appreciate why so many West Coast style IPA's taste even better in Imperial form, as the extra malt and associated sweetness just seemed to give the hops an extra juiciness and fullness.
* 2 large organic pears (any)
Spin like a record, crazy on a Sunday night
The downsides of the system? It won’t be cheap to convert an existing network to run the hyper-speed algorithm, and also, the scheme is only as good as the threat sensors detecting the inbound malicious payload.
Walked a further 1/4 mile w/o weights
Indiana has made a habit of sending their best to Columbus. See Oden, Gregg, Connely, Michael Jr, Thomas, Deshawn... I could go on all day.
I'll leave you with a little Note Song ~
Does it count that I wrote a haiku about unemployment?
Here is her cool sketch:
This book is written with the dual narratives of Simon and Zoe. Zoe is constantly alone because her father is always visiting her terminally ill mother in the hospital. Not only is Zoe frightened to see her mother in such a state, it seems that both her mother and father has shut her out during this difficult time. She feels ashamed that she is complaining about not having anyone around her while her mother is wasting away in the hospital. Simon is also very much alone. He is a 300 year old vampire who is desperate to make a connection with someone or something in this life. His only reason for living is tracking down the evil vampire who made him and getting his revenge. On a dark night when Zoe feels stifled by her loneliness inside her house, she goes for a walk and meets Simon for the first time. Without a word, their eyes lock and curiosity stirs inside each of them. But can their love endure what lies ahead for both Simon and Zoe?
"Park Math" by Duck Duck Moose $1.99
Yet despite the risks, it is possible to take advantage of public Wi-Fi, but taking precautions to protect your data is strongly advised.
5. Instead of assuming the work is urgent. I can confirm with the boss if it is urgent and take the next step.
first published Daily Haiku, Cycle 11, 2011
Or, the second one, that all these "independent" organizations have ties with the Israeli government and they dance the tune that Israel plays. They do what Israel tells them do to - in this case, the organizations whose purpose is to combat racism, extremism and bigotry all joined together to support... racism, extremism and bigotry.
I keep hearing that primrose is THE color of the season—really anything pink. I’ve had this sweater for a while and it has never been one of my favorites. Maybe now it will become one! Sorry for the fuzzy picture. And look, there is thrifted brown belt who is my new best friend!
What did I find, after picking and peeling all that crap off of there... A nice big cigarette burn... straight through the top. So yeah, I bet the damn thing leaks. But these people have been so used to blaming things on everyone else, it doesn't even occur to them to tell the truth. Because of the patch job they did, the mattress is no longer fixable at all.
Shredded cheddar cheese
Find something to make your heart sing TODAY...
I would sit on you so good.
The discord set in with the band when Lani became too much. As you can all see, Lani controls pretty much all of their shit. Their Facebook, their twitter. NONE of what you saw was Jackson, Jerad, Ben, Ben or Uncle. It was her. The overuse of smiley faces gave that shit away.
Werther is often cited as being Massenet's greatest work and you can see why - it's a magnificent score, opulently fragrant late romantic music, and just so wonderfully French. Colours and smells, enchantment, sentimentality, lightness, passion, indulgence. But there's a an air of seriousness and High Art to this score too, something absent in the rest of his operas, its presence probably explicable because its libretto is drawn from Goethe. Really though this is all pretence and wishful thinking - nothing could be further from Massenet's talents than Teutonic profundity - he is a genius of orchestral shadings, delicious suavity, finely delineated emotional states, ravishment of the senses. Behind the refinement and surface shimmer though there are always burgeoning erotic undertones, and like Strauss at heart he's all sensuality and sleaze.
53 Cold Comfort Farm – Stella Gibbons
He will wear that ‘guilty crown’.
I’ve been with Hubby for nearly 6 years (it will be this June) and May 17th will mark 4 years of marriage. It hasn’t always been easy and there have been some genuinely un-fun moments, but all in all, I would never change a thing. I love being married. Hubby is, without a doubt, my best friend in the whole world. He was my best friend before we got married and we’ve certainly gotten even closer since. I simply cannot imagine life without him! He is the most charming, sweet, loving man that I’ve ever met. He looks out for me and my needs before his own all the time. He’s there for me when my social anxiety gets the better of me, always understanding, but he also pushes me into social situations because he believes I am strong enough to make it through. I can literally tell him anything in the whole wide world and he would never think less of me. His compassion knows no bounds and he loves me for who I am - just the way I am.
click the image to enlarge
"I have told you I do not agree with you or your damn CDC on how colds are spread!
Since fashion is cyclical, it occasionally goes through phases that are not always my favorite. During those times, I tend to stick to my basic chic looks... but right now, I'm all about adopting the trends!
He is mulling over how high I would have had to be for each of the hypothetical gory outcomes he has hypothesized for me.
The man now announced that he would buy monkeys for $50! However, since he had to go to the city on some business, his assistant would now buy on his behalf.
exploration, of making up stories. Stories, film, sculpture,
4. He doesn't look like Mel Gibson (FTR I think Mel Gibson is a jerk. But in 1995 I felt otherwise. Read on.)
How about you? What are your Spring Break plans?
Can you use Copics on cheap paper? Yes, if it works for you then go for it. I've done some great work on cheap copier paper (not even color copier paper), I just need to be aware of how much the marker will bleed and feather, then compensate for it.
you are never cold like February;
The Obsessed - Lunar Womb (1991). Scott "Wino" Weinrich's band prior to St. Vitus was The Obsessed, based out of Maryland. When The Obsessed's original album from the early 80s was finally released in 1990, Wino left St. Vitus, pulled together a new rhythm section, and called this new band The Obsessed. This is the second Obsessed album, therefore, but it's the first with the band as it was comprised in the 90s. Anyway, it's typically great doom metal, like most everything Wino does. And the cover, one of Goya's dark period paintings, is metal as fuck all.
We went through many sticks of white chalk for this step. My neighbor did warn us that the chalkboard would be super messy and she was right! I actually hadn't even thought of that yet (no surprise about that, right?) and I hadn't seen it mentioned anywhere I might have referenced while preparing for this project. The lower, magnetic part of the wall was especially dusty since it has a more gritty/bumpy texture. I may decide later that it creates too much dust and sand down the magnetic paint (which, ironically, will create a lot of dust...and probably a new set of eyes/boobs in our window) which will essentially make it unusable since it won't be strong enough anymore but it'll be a trade off I may be willing to make.
I guess what I'm trying to say here is you can't make something(or someone) fit if it just doesn't and you can change your habits, but not your hard wiring. Some things just are what they are. If we can know these things and accept them in ourselves and others, we might save ourselves some real wheel spinning and disappointment. What if that which we want, simply...isn't? Are we sure we know what it is we want? Are we asking the right questions?
21And the twelve gates were twelve pearls: every several gate was of one pearl: and the street of the city was pure gold, as it were transparent glass.
Often this was done by the provision of a ‘move’ command, but some text editors required that the text be first put into some temporary location (AKA, “the clipboard”) for later retrieval/placement.
And Barack Obama did himself no favours today unveiling a new campaign slogan that critics say has unfortunate similarities to ones used by Chairman Mao and other Communists.
Stereolab - Metronomic Underground (Wagon Christ Mix)
This is not a recipe with a long, involved origin story. The story of this recipe is, in short: I made it. I ate it. I made it again. I ate it again. And when I started thinking about making it a third time, I wrote to Sarah to ask if I could tell you about it - if for no other reason than to believe that we might not be the only two people in the world wanting to eat this much egg salad.
Parts of the roll were very brittle,
Here is my take on the savory pancakes. Not very Spanish, I am afraid, but somewhat a mix of Sicilian with a hint of smokiness. For the very very original from Toscana Taverna (meaning Tuscan tavern) in Madrid, please follow the above link :)
Well, wouldn't you know it. It turns out that this lady-about-town spent a vast amount of her time writing letters. Unless it is written to, or mentions, Chopin or somebody equally famous then the letter just has interest but no monetary value. There are hundreds of these letters out there. My letter, which is on monogrammed notepaper, is just chit-chat about a holiday, although her writing is hard to read.
Transitional kindergarten is the first of a two-year kindergarten experience.
The fact of the matter is we already have some of the best bomb detection “technology” available to us, that would lead to more job opportunities and long term employment. It has an amazing rate of success, is able to give an immediate profile with no prejudices inherited to its system. And for every new scanner placed in an airport ten-twelve explosive detection “systems” could be deployed. I am of course talking about K-9 bomb detection units.
I heard a voice ‘Have you heard of Uri Geller?’ He (the macro-space binding, unbinding) is trying to speak to Him
There is nothing quite so eye-opening as looking at a bomb shelter adjacent to a children’s’ playground. Every child in Sderot is trained to race to a shelter within 15 seconds, which of course means Sderot is an architectural mixture of houses dotted amongst bomb shelters.
"I think there are somewhere between 150 and 180 of us from all over the music business: PRs, festival organisers, that kind of thing," he said, once we'd agreed that I wouldn't use his name.
But, that's where a friend of mine, William the Bloody, comes in to save the proverbial day! (Note: proverbial days resemble most days and can only be distinguished from their more mundane brethren by trained specialists, known as: Proverbrarians. Proverbial days can be dangerous if provoked.) On his site, he suggested this thing called the Interview Swap! Basically, I sent him 5 Questions that I want him to answer and then post them here on my site (which I will do shortly, have patience! Or skip ahead to the section headed: 5 Questions and Answers by William the Bloody) while he sent me 5 questions to answer and post onto his site! How fun is that?!
I sat down and started writing and a character named Recai Osman appeared on the pages before me. With green eyes and red beard, Recai stood in the middle of a windblown desert, daring me to take the challenge.
Well, now that Kemp is not hanging around Rihanna, I suppose his chances of that happening aren't as likely. With The 27 Club out there, maybe it's best not to even associate with anyone in the music business when you're 27.
Lines have been written, but your script: lost.
Elite is another mid range product that has recently been released by Panini. Although it seems to fall behind the recent releases of Between the Pipes and SpX, I still managed to pick up one lone pack just to appease my appetite.
There are so many products on the market today...what are some of your favorites?
So, here it is, the big news:
1 mottled
I have the best friends surrounding our family right now. Their genuine concern as well as yours astounds me and I really do feel so much love and energy from all your comments, emails and messages.
Half-time – Can’t believe it’s half-time all ready. Where does the time go? In my case, it goes into the crushing duopoly of a loveless marriage and a hateful existence. Off for a pie.
I made this crochet flower square to be the centre piece for a cushion I'm going to make for my daughter.
Abbey Bodeker also won the 100m hurdles and 300m hurdles
The only problem was, no pictures.
1. Where does time exist? In what realm?
As I continue to research grad schools, I hear many current and past students divulge anecdotes of professors' comments during a workshop. One girl told me her professor said, "The first sentence of your piece is the best thing that's come out of this department in twenty years. The rest of this is shit," and moved on to the next piece. An instructor of mine told me how her professor jumped up and down on a table screaming a word the writer meant to say but was "too cowardly" to say in his piece (this word being "nigger"). I've heard of other professors tearing pages in half, telling writers to give up, and scrunching up their faces at stories as if they were turds. Unfortunately, these are not so uncommon anecdotes.
A 'lone wolf' nut and everyone can go back to sleep rather than face reality and the bigger picture.
I can do it all. Of course I can. I can be a parent and a spouse and a blogger and a writer and keep a clean house and pay my bills. Oh yeah, and write books and get published, because that was the point in the first place, right?
Saint Georgia’s, the Church I attended in Orange City, was an exceptionally small congregation of no more than 20 to 25 attendees each Sunday. However, it’s members were of the academic and higher learning professions, 50% of them being college professors from Northwestern College in Orange City. It was, and still is and very liturgical church with a very educated pastor in charge of it all. Due to its small size, there was much room for discussion and debate after the sermon was completed. Intelligent discussion preceded by thought provoking sermons and a liturgical service = a great religious experience.
- Rebellion
Percent Contained: 65%
reflects last night
Chariss saw the massacre of her family when she was four years old. The sorcerer Jamieson Drake would have killed her back then, too, if Hrazon of Mon’dore, the greatest wizard the gods created hadn’t shown up and whisked her off to safety. He’s been her guardian, mentor, teacher, and constant companion ever since. The perfect love and respect these two have for each other is amazing to me. It’s based on 1 Corinthians 13:4 and The Master Rothahn alludes to this in CHOICES MEANT FOR GODS. He seems almost jealous of it when He first mentions it, and that deadly sin of envy only grows.
So what is life like for Luis and for the 200,000 other IBMers who work outside of the “office”?
Wipe the drool off your chins and get over there and enter! You've still got time!
There! You know 10 things about me that you didn't before. Or maybe you did; I don't know. But anyway. The six bloggers who will recieve a Kreativ Blogger Award are the new people I met via the 21 Minus blogfest -- which, by the way, is still open through Friday, March 9. Click the link for details and the contest entry form!
The other problem, of course, is that Ms Patroski has now revealed to the world that she has no control over her climaxes. Although this is not the worst condition in the world, perhaps being the opposite of frigidity, it does make her a tempting target for fiends and perverts. Speaking as a former circus ape, I can assure you that the dwarves I knew would have been creaming their tights at the thought of getting into a confined space with Ms Patroski. Although small in stature, they preferred normal-sized women and had fingers that could poke holes in a watermelon.
Jazbo Dan & His Yodelin' Band - Evans
Samy Ghorbal, a Tunisian writer and political advisor to the opposition PDP, writes in Slate Afrique this week that while secularists celebrated Ennahdha’s abandonment of inscribing sharia law in the new constitution, they are ignoring the real problem – which is how the constitutional council interprets the constitution.
Col 1:21 And you, that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now hath he reconciled 22 In the body of his flesh through death, to present you holy and unblameable and unreproveable in his sight: 23 If ye continue in the faith grounded and settled, and be not moved away from the hope of the gospel, which ye have heard, and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven; whereof I Paul am made a minister;
But soon commuters are pulling over to the side of the road and staring, shocked, at the radio – because you've given no introduction, and no one out there has any idea what this is.
The rest of Monday was quite boring. My Mom came down so Monday evening me, Greg and my Mom just sat around in absolute silence, no tv, no nothing, while i did my special breathing continuously. I called Keiko at midnight as the pain was intensifying but unfortunately I was still only 3cm dilated!!! I was sooooo pissed off! I’d been having contractions all day and only three fucking centimetres?!!? (You have to be at 10cm before you can push) So Greg and my Ma went to sleep while I stayed awake with my belly.
Heading home the other day I picked up a girl who works in one of the children's hospitals, she was working in South Africa before this and her partner wanted to come and work in Europe, so they quickly married so he could get a green card and work in Europe.
Security and stability operations are the language of the new colonialism, the recolonizers. This has been researched and described eloquently by Mahmood Mamdani. From an interview:
Even the sources I am in contact with, all except for one, did not even have the need-to-know basis high enough to know why this happened. Or who was responsible for it!
Recently my students explained chibchombianos to me. As I suspected, it’s not the most politically correct terminology in the dialect. Chibchombianos, I was told, are those uncultured and uncivilized people on Transmilenio. They are people that are resistant to change. They are people that, according to my students definition, don’t value their own country, throw garbage all over Bogotá and refuse to get out of the way when you’re trying to get off the bus.
On the other hand, for those not desensitised, the torture and indignity that they witness will become so unbearable that they will have to switch off entirely, no longer able to place themselves in the victim's shoes. Paradoxically, this means that the character is objectified and any positive message about the evil we do, or
36. The first teaching hospital in America, the Baltimore Infirmary was founded by a Glasgow surgeon, Granville Sharp Pattison, in 1816.
Rest assured, I will continue to share my infrequent adventures in crafting and cooking here. But I hope you'll also join me on my new journey! It wouldn't have been possible without you.
1/2 medium red onion, chopped
DB2 for z/OS query CPU parallelism (hereinafter referred to simply as "query parallelism"), introduced with DB2 Version 4 in the mid-1990s, enables DB2 to split a query into multiple tasks that can execute concurrently on a mainframe server. The primary benefit of query parallelism is improved performance from an elapsed time perspective (query parallelism tends to increase statement execution CPU time somewhat -- this because DB2 needs to evaluate a candidate statement to determine whether or not parallelism would improve the query's run time, and because DB2 has to manage a parallelized query's "child" tasks). That said, for locally-originating queries (i.e., those issued by programs running on the mainframe server on which the target DB2 subsystem is running), a sometimes equally-appealing benefit is redirection of work to the server's zIIP engines, if the server is configured with zIIPs (queries that come from remote DRDA requesters, processed through DB2's distributed data facility, already benefit, cost-wise, from substantial zIIP offload).
We exist in a culture that, day after day, inundates its have-nots with consumerist propaganda, and then, when the social order breaks down, its wealthy and bourgeoisie alike express outrage when the poor steal consumer goods — as opposed to going out and looting an education and a good job.
The night wrapped around them like a velvety shroud. They walked for a while, keeping to the outer edges of the forest. Eventually, the trees started to thin out and the ground started to curve upwards. Beyond was an open craggy slope without much shelter, so they found a cozy shrub and settled down for a nap.
chocolate pave
About 3 weeks ago, I asked her if she wanted a lift home. In Chinese, I asked her if she would like a "da bian che" 搭便车 (a lift). At least that's what I was going for. But my first tone was a bit off, and instead I said 大便车 which literally means "poop car." So basically I asked her if she wanted to poop car home with me. Ugg. She looked at me with big horrified eyes, and then I realized what I had asked her, and we both burst out laughing.
We eventually hit a very narrow and curvy, pitch black road that was obviously surrounded by a thick forest. A small deer whizzed past us right off the side of the road. I didn’t see it but another guy in the car did. That’s when I slowed down. The last thing I wanted was to hit a deer out here. I hit the brights and for the next 5 minutes or so we saw probably 5 or 6 animals crossing the road. The first was a big fat beaver that I narrowly missed. After that there was a family of possums, again, I narrowly missed. Not 10 seconds later there were two ‘somethings’ crossing the road and I tried to avoid them but everyone in the car swears I smashed one of them, it sure seemed like it. Some even asked if I did it on purpose, ha!
As I said, the actors onscreen here have been in things far less-embarrassing than Matilda. Sure, Metrano was in two Police Academy flicks as well as Going Ape! and that Andy Sidaris guns-and-breasts epic Malibu Express, but I'll bet you he brought those up before he'd bring Matilda up in conversation.
I recently found these hints in one of my 1920's cookery booklets.
Also, I’ve got to lace up my sneakers and take myself for a run this evening, despite the threat of rain.
Xie Yalong, the 56 year old former head of China’s professional football league, has just gone on trial, the most senior official to date in the corruption scandal that has engulfed the sport and captured the attention of a nation. Dozens of referees, players, officials and coaches have been arrested since an anti-corruption investigation started in 2009. Xie has been charged with taking more than 1.7 million yuan ($270 million) in bribes. His successor, Nan Yong, faces similar charges.
The Plaza will also house a community welcome center.
So what does this have to do with Paula Deen? Let me just say: I love Paula Deen. She starts talking, and I just know delicious things are going to happen. I’ll be in Savannah next weekend to be in one of my best friends’ weddings, and the reception will be at Paula Deen’s restaurant. I can’t even talk about how excited I am to eat there.
Forest City Ratner owns or controls about 90 percent of the properties in the project footprint; under eminent domain, the remaining properties would be acquired by ESDC and conveyed back to the developer. The project would displace about 60 residential households (5 owner-occupied and 55 rental units), involving about 118 people, and 13 commercial occupants, with about 185 employees. (A homeless shelter, whose residents were not counted in the above totals, would be relocated.) Commercial tenants would get relocation assistance and residential tenants would be offered comparable living space in the project--though there are questions about the terms of that relocation agreement.
Let me give you the client perspective on planners. It goes something like this:
Sort of makes me want to love him more.
We went to Santorini, the Greek island famous for its sunsets. The island was breathtaking, with dramatic cliffs, whitewashed houses, and a sparkling sea as far as the eye could see.
Obama's insertion of that acknowledgement of the assistance of Pakistani intelligence into his triumphant announcement of the bin Laden killing further confirms the evidence that Pakistani help in focusing on the Abbottabad compound was crucial, but senior CIA officials, assuming the news media would never catch on, had nevertheless done what officials always do if they don't believe they will be held accountable: they put out false information that made them look good. The lies surrounding the bin Laden killing are one more example of this primary leitmotif of the US national security state in the era of unaccountable permanent war.
“As you can see, there are a
At first Brad's all "WHAT?!" but then he laughs and says "it's fine! It's liver!" Then Ramoner shrugs, takes a bite (of the one she just let her dog lick on) and says, "it's good." I LOVE IT when she brings the crazy like that.
Whole large green chill, with a small slit made in it
Life is a joy
But you can be refund a part of the rake if the poker sites provide rakeback. More specifically, the online poker rooms will set a percentage that you can get back in the rake you contributed in their sites. The average of the rakeback offers is 30%. Sometimes, you will find someone provide a better offer or even worse. If you play a lot of poker, it wouldn’t be that difficult to earn a few hundred dollars back via rakebacks. Actually, the professional online poker players can gain $4000 which is only the amount of rakeback. And we have not counted how much they win in the games yet.
Oh, and the whole idea of punishing these bastards by pulling your money out and changing over to credit unions? Evidently those nice people at the Fed will make up for your irresponsibility by propping up your former bank until someone can come along and purchase it:
was a Saturday we spent driving
I’m sure it has everything to do with my believing that Santa is real and every act of kindness, done by we adults, to others is not only because of our spiritual need to express our love and gratitude to Christ and God but also to express our human side to mankind. Christmas, is indeed, a very miraculous time of year and it is important that we adults, do understand, it is about the children. Just as the Magi presented gifts to the Christ child, so should we present gifts to the children, granted us through God.
Then there’s Egypt, where less than a month after President Hosni Mubarak stepped down, the military junta that replaced him, ostensibly to “protect the revolution,” inadvertently reminded us of the two revolutions we women need. After it cleared Tahrir Square of protesters, the military detained dozens of male and female activists. Tyrants oppress, beat, and torture all. We know. But these officers reserved “virginity tests” for female activists: rape disguised as a medical doctor inserting his fingers into their vaginal opening in search of hymens. (The doctor was sued and eventually acquitted in March.)
The greatest "overcomer" of brain anomolies is inherit in the brains ability to change, it's plasticity Most of these kids are going to grow up and become contributing, possibly in outstanding ways, of society. Thomas Edison's mother was told he was "too scattered to learn" by a teacher, so she took him home and schooled him there.
After mass, all three hours of it, we were given a tour of the local village of Luzango. It's a small rural village beside the school and the poverty was so clear . We visited the midwifes house, the teachers dwellings and Pastor marias house. The houses were, by and large, simple one roomed dwellings with little to no furniture. Some were mud huts and some were made of brick. The villagers all grew crops such as papaya, pineapple, bananas and coffee sometimes to sell but often just to survive on. Most of them also kept a few chickens or goats.
Well, the storm has arrived, and I am screaming from within. My words will be thunder, even if they are only thunderous in my own ears.
right arm around the bulge of his gun. His eyes catalogued everyone and what
untold numbers of “peepers” in the swampy woods
August 10, 2011 — The Florida Department of Children and Families releases report concluding that Casey Anthony failed to protect Caylee, and that Casey’s actions or lack of actions resulted in the death of the child. The finding has little legal relevance.
For a moment, he froze in surprise. For beneath his fingertips, the pliant plastic gave and rose. As if the toy breathed. And there, as he grasped it now, he could feel – yes, it felt like – was it – a heartbeat? He brought the unformed tiger up, four legs, long tail, a blob of a head that turned… But it couldn’t turn, it couldn’t, and yet, there it was, rotating in his hand, eyes opening, peeling plastic back, mouth widening as it prepared to roar for the first time. A roar that never sounded, at least not to Charlie’s ears, for as he took the tiger out from the belly of the machine, the gears came to life, clanging and smashing, a divine roar that shook the factory. With a vast yawning breath, an iron arm edged in steel teeth came crashing down and slammed through blood and muscle and sinew and into bone and Charlie, Second Machine Attendant, became the sixth man to feed the tiger machine.
“Proper?” I said.
as a nation, for turning our hearts away from you.
To be honest we were into heavy shit! I just left a Hardcore Metal band and Dave just left a Death Metal band, so if you listen carefully you’ll always hear those two elements somewhere in the music, but I think on top of that we really loved bands like Deftones, Tool, Slipknot, Pantera…ya know bands that bring power, groove and a big sound!
In an internet forum a South African pilot operating in Libya also commented that VASTech was well known to the rebels.
I wasn't going to post this Cheesy Cauliflower and Bean Pasta. It was a quick weeknight dish that I made on a low energy night when I was very tempted to get takeaway. There was a large cauliflower that had been in the fridge for a week. I was starting to feel guilty every time I looked in the crisper. It was really intended for Mel's risotto but pasta seemed easier. It was surprisingly good. E loved it. And there were leftovers for Friday night. So it is recorded below. Quantities are approximate because I didn't use measurements.
There is so much beauty in this world that people simply look past or dont look at all...There are wild jungles, Animals still not seen by man, diffrent communitys, all races of people, A simple sunset...
A very Good Morning to you all.
1. Many people think that as soon as you accept democracy, then you will be practising democracy.
There are over 150 adorable images to choose from including the sweetest girls and boys, fabulous wedding and baby designs and of course an amazing array of Christmas cuties! www.liliofthevalley.co.uk is also packed with hints, tips, tutorials and the LOTV Design Team run a fantastic LOTV Challenge Blog and Inspirations Blog, so you’ll never be stuck for ideas on what to make with these really cute images"
I am proud to be an Australian, 3rd generation on my fathers side, we live in a lovely but terrifying at times country, and are very lucky to live where we live and not in many other places, we might have floods and fires but on the whole we are generous and I hope welcoming to those from other countries.
“The latter had gone out in the early morning mist to say his prayers when he met the fugitive hero. Owain rebuked the cleric for getting up too early.
Volkswagen AG said the company worldwide has not had production curbs.
Reading in Colossians for today’s #Word360 reading reminded me of the power of the cross. At Manna Church, we are going through a series on Religion and examining the damaging effects of losing our focus on the cross and Jesus as our only hope for not only salvation, but the ability to walk daily with Him.
CONSERVATIVE: scone!
Support- Bach Flower Remedies & Exercises.
Meanwhile, Anthony’s defense filed a motion on Friday with Orange County Circuit Court, seeking more phone records from a dozen people involved in the case. The motion asks for any and all records for “phone calls, text messages, P2P communications, Internet usage, WAP usage, and cell tower pings.”
2 cups ricotta cheese
Waves all her worries goodbye
Category: 68 Belgian-Style Strong Specialty Ale - 54 Entries
The earliest allusion we have to snuffing occurs in the narrative of the second voyage of Columbus in 1494. It is there related by Roman Pane, the friar, who accompanied the expedition, that the aborigines of America reduced tobacco to a powder, and drew it through a cane half a cubit long; one end of this they placed in the nose and the other upon the powder.
DCU Tiny Titans ($20)
Anyway, the sling was such a lovely addition to the weekend and a wonderful way to have adventures with a baby as a trusty sidekick.
He must alleviate suffering, and "in the shadow of the Buddha" subtly phrased here reminds me of the citation he includes from the "Dhammapada" sayings: "Speak or act with a pure mind/ And happiness will follow you/ As your shadow, unshakable."
Ask a road cycling fan if they have a significant pre-Olympics gripe, and it's unlikely they'll cite spiralling costs, a surface-to-air missile on the roof terrace or even Duran Duran. What's likely to get them hot under the collar is being asked to pay money to watch a sport that is, by tradition, free. Just like road cycling itself is free of tax, insurance, excise duty, licensing and, for some, any rules of the road…
The ex-pat-re-invented Brits are having a field-day in my neck of the woods at the moment.
I started by mixing some paint and a few drops of water. You want the paint thin enough to use with the squirt gun but not so thin that it just runs down your paper.
toast, one tbsp of reduced fat peanut butter, one tbsp of sugar free
day long, and I was very tired.
I've been posting late, my routine is off...
Now the news you’re all dying to hear: more Nier.
As she took to the stand, the unidentified woman was visibly distressed as she told jurors McClain, 38, from Irvine, California, slashed her boyfriend repeatedly, beating him to the point of brain damage.
Dedicated to public use by
Rather than indulging into the “if only” excuses to justify inaction, we would all be better off by taking a hard look at the problem, and possible solutions that are within our reach.
Stray Dog – 2
1. What title should I pick for my thesis?
From Nepal, it will be time to test our wide-eyed-tourist faces on India, where we’ll be volunteering for, hopefully, up to six months… somewhere.
A wise swami once said, “Observation without judgment is the greatest spiritual practice of all.” I would have to agree. But I would say it this way: Become a cosmic fly on the wall of your own experience. Trust what you see.
This has occurred in the jurisdictions where water and electricity resources are available to export to the United States. Mainly NL, Que, BC & AB but that is not to say there hasn't been equal pressure put on other provinces resources and politicians.
*Sigh*. What on earth did that mean? What is the sub text there? That really got me thinking. I came to the conclusion that I didn’t want to waste any more years (yes, I mean years) sending it to people who had hundreds more manuscripts teetering on the edge of desks. I actually believe now, a lot of getting published is luck. Right place right time sort of luck. They can’t publish everyone and you can’t run a business on luck.
It hurts and it hurts.
Do you have a goal?
George’s Spiritual Timeline:
4. Animal
Remember that I had cancelled our already pretty awesome reservation (which I made LAST SEPTEMBER) so that we could get a refund and use the even more awesome free room - which is now cancelled. So now we had to start FROM SCRATCH and book our honeymoon all over again.
make Rice Krispies Treats adding a handful of chocolate chips and a spoon full of peanut butter to the marshmallows when they're all melted, before mixing in the cereal.
gratefully.
Overall, I feel as though Morgan Spurlock didn’t quite have an objective for Comic-Con Episode IV: A Fan’s Hope. With the way it was written, it can feel at times more like a commercial or tourism piece than a documentary about the actual convention. It’s not as though Spurlock didn’t deliver on his promise. The advertised synopsis is in no way misleading, and when it comes to this film, what you see is what you get. It’s just that you would think that with someone as high profile as Stan Lee producing, Spurlock could have easily exceeded expectations.
Until now, charities have been voicing their concerns but expressing a desire to work with the government to get things right. Farmer’s resignation marks a new, tougher stance.
The family went into the house so I let myself out of the backyard through a side gate. I got in my patrol and cleared the call from my computer. As I started to pull away from the curb, I saw little Superman standing in his driveway by himself preparing to send me off with a wave and a proud smile.
Written-By - Eno* , Harmonia
I will get there I know - I have a very good support network in my friends if I let them in!
4. weather strip (we’re thinking this is a house manager issue now. not sure if we can fix it ourselves)
“Get Here”
It's Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, a writer, talking about how the single story robs us all of perspective.
Let me add my personal twist before answering the question. Nemesis was the first Trek film besides The Motion Picture I did not rush to see. It was released during exam time in my second year of law school. Chalk it up to my being frazzled by briefs and oral arguments, but Nemesis did not inspire the enthusiasm in me most trek did. Granted, I was also at a Christian law school in which the largely vanilla study body thought enjoying science fiction was one step below practicing witchcraft, so I had to keep my enjoyment on the down low. It was tough. Insurrection had been released on my birthday in 1998. I went to see it with a couple friends and we made a day of it. Nothing like that could ever happen at Savonarollas at regent.
There are twenty stories in this collection - true stories of lost friendship - and I enjoyed most of them. My favorites are the opening story, Katie Roiphe's "Torch Song," Mary Morris' "The Other Face," and Beverly Gologorsky's "In a Whirlwind." The first is about Katie as a college student, who carelessly sleeps with her friend's crush. Katie didn't even like the boy, and hardly found him attractive. Even today, she can't say why she did it, except to remark, "I was fulfilling some misplaced idea of myself. I was finally someone who took things lightly." The second is about Mary, her life long family friend Lauren, and the perils of borrowing money from a friend. The third touched me mostly because Beverly and Jessica came of age in such a different era - the late sixties and early seventies. They were both involved in various protests and civil rights movements, and fell out during a disagreement over whether men should be able to walk in a march for women's rights. Their friendship was lost over ideological conviction. Damn.
This hydrangea came with out house. It gets sunlight, it gets water, it gets shade, and after eight years, this is the first flower it has produced. It sits near the line between our house and the neighbors, but I think the kid they pay to cut their grass has taken it out quite a few times over the last several years. The only thing that has really changed is that a wild apple (I think) tree has shot up nearby, and perhaps it likes the added shade it gets. Regardless, YAY!
I think it might be. At the very least, the fuse has been lit.
Mr. BOLAND asked the President of the Board of Trade whether his attention has been called to the threatened boycott of Irish products, with the exception of linen from Ulster, on the passing of the Home Rule Bill; and whether he proposes to take any, and if so, what steps to safeguard the normal development of trade relations between Great Britain and Ireland?
These are just a few ways to help out other organizations in your area after your sale is over. If you have other ideas to add to the list, please comment below.
The red are the best!!
Treatment options for drug addiction include application of medication such as naltrexone, buprenorphine and methadone for patients who have an addiction towards opioids. Those who are addicted to substances like tobacco can be effectively treated with the help of varenicline and bupropion or nicotine preparations including lozenges, gum, nasal sprays and patches. Alcohol dependence is successfully treated with the medications such as acamprosate, disulfiram, topiramate and naltrexone.
Most were reproductions, but I had to improvise as some of my knobs/findings are one of a kind. So I made some that were similar to ones that I've made in the past that she was intersted in.
Should we give our hearts to a dog to tear?
:: the new Step By Step Wire magazine is out with my latest Color Canvas piece... I'm looking forward to sharing that with you soon
1 coat Poshe
Interesting, eh?
Previous to the creation of the Time Lords, Rassilon headed the Prydonian Chapter. With Omega, he planned to make the star Qqaba go supernova. The energy released would enable the Gallifreyan race to travel through time, to become Time Lords. A saboteur from the future known as Fenris, caused the death of Omega (or so the Gallifreyans believed) but the time controller on Fenris' belt proved useful to him.
God wants us to pray. He specifically requests we pray for laborers. What a privilege. Pray for laborers…pray for their training,their support, and for the seeking of God’s Holy Spirit. Pray for Churches and seminaries, and para-church agencies who send laborers into His harvest. Raising support in this economy is difficult, but nothing is impossible for God! If you aren’t able to go, seek God on how you can support someone who can …invest in eternity. Your prayers make THE difference.
The BBC today reports that Fanum House has now been sold to Seamus Gillan’s South Bank Square Limited and may be converted into one or two hotels. The price paid is reported by the BBC to be understood to be GBP 4-5m (€4.6-5.75m) – about GBP 80 (€92) psf. Seamus owns BSG Civil Engineering Limited and is involved in BWW Water NI Limited. He is on the committee of the Construction Employers Federation, which is the equivalent of our own Construction Industry Federation except from this perspective it has been more proactive in preparing its members for entry into NAMA and in taking advantage of NAMA’s development funding pot.
There is a phenomenon in English art: a seven year-old Kieron Williamson. He has an indefinable knack that is called genius. This is artistic judgement in the practice of painting when one knows instinctively what to put and where. He has natural qualities: perspective, choice of colours. He has them automatically but perspective is a technique for realising the vision and choice of colours is part of the expression of the vision.
So. To business. Here is my two step plan that may or may not propel you into personality cult status.
Look around. Who needs you and your influence? If we really want to make a difference, it will happen as we mother those we have borne and those we are willing to bear with. If we will stay right with our youth—meaning, if we will love them—in most cases they will stay right with us—meaning, they will let us lead them. Sheri L. Dew (“Are we not all mothers” Oct. 2001)
Have been really snowed under with life in general lately ..in a good way but.
Local: 20 MPG
her in her wedding dress and without it. Then the first time we met in the
Ah, Colorado - the state with more microbreweries per capita than any other state in this great Union, and I'm currently trying to hit them all. The perks of being an outside salesman. I've been in Denver for just over 48 hours, and have hit no less than a half dozen beer destinations. It started Monday night after a long day of working and worrying whether or not I'd be wearing a wardrobe from Target all week. well, about 2 PM on said workday my luggage arrived at my hotel, putting an end to any worrying, and allowing me to concentrate on beer that evening.
Much of the show’s appeal rests on the shoulders of the eponymous Chihaya who ranks as my second-favorite shoujo heroine (ask me about Mikako Kouda sometime). And Chihaya is the the true jumping off point for today’s post. What’s interesting to me about Chihaya is not that she’s genki or that she’s a tomboy, because those things are apparent. No, what’s interesting is that she’s also—despite what Kana might think—feminine in her own way. Chihaya offers an interesting window into characters who inhabit their genders as indifferently as any human being, but are not defined by it. Comparing Chihaya’s teenage self to her younger self shows a girl slowly growing into a conscious woman while continuing to nurture a smothering obsession with karuta.
Not sure if the rum will come through or not, but I figured better understated than over, eh?
From sketch....
If the United finished third on the final table, they will play sixth-placed team which could be Stevenage, Notts County or Carlisle.
Pretty nice. Probably one of the heaviest lagers I've felt, it's similar to a dopplebock in feel. But it's a stout in the taste. Pretty strong coffee flavor in this one, especially in the aftertaste, which is very nice.
7 ) RIBA – The Teddy Bear Robo-Nurse
brandonsfuturewife- you have an issue with security and likeability. you want us all to love you and if we do not you lash out at us. this roots from your abusive husband you have. he is a verbal abuser and you have smeared that all over these boards. my favorite part was when you were mad you got pregnant. it takes two honey. we all know if you had a boy the second time you would have become a poster child for depression. good thing you were granted a daughter from your oops.
I think every makeup lover goes through phases where there is a particular product or colour they are on the hunt for. The past while I've been all about purple blushes. I've always had a soft spot for purple lip product so this was just the natural progression of things.
I FINALLY had a day off on Sunday. To celebrate this occasion, my wife and I got up early and ran a few chores then stopped to have a nice breakfast at Bruegger’s. I got a cinnamon sugar bagel with sausage and egg on it topped with honey walnut cream cheese. Talk about a breakfast wonder. I usually get that combination with the Maple Cream cheese but apparently that is only “seasonal.” BORING. But it all worked out because the honey walnut complemented the cinnamon sugar quite nicely. My wife had a parmesan italian bagel, which is not usually the flavor that I want in the morning but, as I mentioned, I had the day off which meant we had done some drinking the night before… perfect for a hung over stomach with a little cream cheese on it.
The band was incredible. I’ll share more about each of them when the record is released. But, I’ll say this now: they are some of the best musicians in the world, no lie! At least that is what I’ve been told by everyone in the music business who finds out who played on my album. And, all I can say for sure is that they sounded amazing and played so incredibly well together. The songs are definitely better for having them play on the record. I am extremely grateful. In fact, they didn’t stop playing a song until they felt in the heart they did their best. It was pretty incredible.
Following this post, I will be proposing a Marxist model of consciousness that will have a greater implication for discussion and mental health relating to work and life stress management but that is for another time. Feel free to comment below, I look forward to any comments.
This question occurred to me yesterday evening when I closed a book about 200 pages (not quite half way) in and said, "I'm done." This morning, I decided I would skim ahead a little to see if what irritated me enough to stop reading the book would be swiftly rectified and the plot advanced in a non-irritating direction, but yesterday I was ready to put it down and never pick it up again. I realized, too, that what pissed me off so much this time was the same thing that had pissed me off a while back in another book that I put down and have never picked up since: a broken promise. I don't mean something trivial like "I know I promised to leave you the last piece of cheesecake, but I ate it anyway". I mean a heavy-duty promise that is part of the foundation of the story being told. In the previous case, it was a promise one MC made to himself. He did that, and I said, "You suck. You're an idiot. Why should I read about you any more? I'm done." (Of course, I didn't like the other MC anyway, so it was that much easier to walk away.) In this case, it was a promise between the two MCs, and one is trying to be noble and clever and protective by breaking it. Uh...no. Stupid and intolerable, IMO. I had no idea broken promises bugged me so much, but there does seem to be a pattern emerging, doesn't there.
3. Assistant to Small Business
for all that you've given to me
SAVE THE BANDED SKYRIM FIREDRAKE!
The game is unique in that it carefully blends action-oriented combat with puzzles and strategy.
It was time to move on though. I was stagnating. I didn’t know how to help others grow let alone myself. To continue to grow I need to look deep within myself. That in itself will be a monumental task. But I believe it will be well worth the effort. No self-aggrandizing, just searching for the best person I can truly be.
This started me thinking about the perception of the term “perpetual student” and the many connotations that the term could have. I decided to look up the actual definition just to clarify that my understanding was not wrong. The definition of “perpetual student” states:
Keep that answer in mind as you consider the conclusions of a study released today in the medical journal Pediatrics. The study’s title says it all: “Societal Values and Policies May Curtail Preschool Children’s Physical Activity in Child Care Centers.”
Of course he sinks (looking at the waves and not looking at Christ). But in His grace, Peter only ‘begins’ to sink. This is not gravity acting on Peter or he’d sink like a stone. How slowly Jesus lets him down! But when Peter calls out, ‘immediately’ Jesus saves.
her heart looked good. her lungs looked good.
by Elton John
Natalie sneered back. “Aren’t you a little old to be sucking your thumb?”
It was awesome and insanely busy.
When I’m singing.
Friday: make your own pizza
This photo will probably be the source of jokes for weeks to come. I for one saw this on TV and was a little surprised but got a great laugh out of it. It was nice to have a short lived, light hearted moment when there are so many other serious issues going on in the US and around the world.
Just why my head’s not bowed.
At least I am amusing.
black peep toe t-strap shoes-thrifted
I will remember my kids having the times of their lives at the playground on the foreshore. How my big kids rolled down the hills again, and again. How Maisie went down the 'big' slide all by herself, and was astounded at her own cleverness. How Phoebe made up little ditties about the things going on around her. How Maisie had learned how to say "Bee Bee" for her big sister's name, instead of "Baba". How Jack just wanted to kick his footy, no matter where we were.
Other liberation movements or civil rights activists are not required to free the world, why is this a necessary for animal liberation and vegans?
But luckily, I am not one who shies away from slightly off-beat or quirky. In fact, that's what I'm all about. I think I may actually even like this version better than what I'd originally planned. The buttons are attached to snaps, and if I get really, really nitpicky I may go back and move the bottom button 1/8" so that it lies perfectly flat, and add another hidden snap to hold everything in place better. But I like to think of this as version One Point Oh, i.e. good enough to wear out in public. OPO. Kris and I are trying to become better friends with OPO. Because TPO may never come into existance, but I kind of want to wear my cardigan now.
Think it is no coincidence that you’re here reading this.
N. Deavour
Erm, actually, I voted twice by accident (I figured it was OK to vote once, because really, I proofread my blog so that counts as being a reader of this blog, right?). It glitched and said I hadn't voted but after I voted again I was like 'wait a minute...?' Anyway, moving on.
fritz needs to sit in time out. he's not being nice to clara.
Of course it’s just a nightmare and she wakes up soon after. Then we get her talking to her friend Romy while babysitting, and because Romy is black, she knows all about dream interpretations, voodoo, the supernatural and everything else that will play prominently in the film’s flimsy plot. Because being black automatically equates to being African, which means knowing all about superstitions and magic spells and other stuff like that. How racially sensitive!
OCTOBER - These were pictures I took at our Thanksgiving Day feast!! (Notice my nephews' "Novembeards"??) My cute niece, Melissa, looks soooo adorably pregnant ... hard to believe she still had FOUR weeks to go by the looks of that baby bump!! (Not sure what I woulda done with the inspiration I grabbed from Heather Summers' creations ... I was feeling stale and she breathed some new life into me!!)
Jan.; Venue; Nov.
Viola sororia, common blue violet
Hell & The Voidoids (Hell, Quine, Julian, Bell) at Music Machine, London, 1977
Monday: Braised pork belly. Tuesday: Braised pork shoulder. Wednesday: Barbecued pork ribs. If he had prepared pig trotters on Thursday, I was going to start ransacking the house looking for the pig carcass he was obviously hiding.
Multidisciplinary treatment combining graded exercise therapy (GET) cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) and pharmacological treatment has shown only short-term improvements.
I pulled up to the front of the store, handed him some money, and told him what kind of milk I wanted him to get.
In this one, I stamped vellum flowers using the coordinating Card Word Puzzle set. I love the look of the flowers on the vellum.
Buttons: TeeshaMoore.com
The excitement to head up there for five days is palpable…at least for me. I am so excited to see everyone and to get some wedding things done and just be in the city near the holidays. It is also the EXACT time we met six years ago, so we couldn’t have planned it any better. I am sure it has something to do with meeting the love of my life at this time of year, but there is nothing like NYC during the winter/holidays. It’s unbeatable. Two more weeks!!!
This particular version is outstanding
It’s like the creationism museum in Kentucky that we discussed with Pierce, where dinosaurs have saddles to try to illustrate that men and women lived in Biblical contemporaneous time with the brontosaurus.
I'm so sorry I've been MIA for the past month. I've been horribly busy. My igcse's are starting in a month, and I feel like I'm going to hyperventilate and die.
If you know me at all, from personal experience or just from my writings, you might be a bit surprised to know that when I was a kid I was considered bookish, uninterested in athletics, a bit nerdy. I distinctly remember being pushed to close whatever book I was quietly reading, and to go outside and play ‘like a real boy’.
I hope you never look back but you never forget
When I enrolled my kids in a private school that promotes itself as non-sectarian and that administration continued to schedule Good Friday as a school holiday year after year, I began to get a bit ferkrimpt (that’s Yiddish for annoyed).
In 2004 Mercedes Lackey started a new series called the Tales of the Five Hundred Kingdoms. It's a series of books set in a universe ruled by the Tradition, the force that drives fairy tales. Unlike her Elemental Masters series, which are rather more straight up fairy tale retellings, the stories set in the Five Hundred Kingdoms are very tongue in cheek. Lackey obviously has a lot of fun creating them and shows that humorous writing is a skill she definitely possesses. Where the earlier books mostly concentrated on one particular trope or fairy tale, The Sleeping Beauty, despite the title, is a fun mash-up of several fairy tales. It was quite funny and drew several out-loud chuckles while reading.
The organization's main "fact-finder" was doubling as a spy for the white South African government while his buddy, a San Francisco cop who had tutored El Salvadoran death squads on the finer aspects of torture, was providing its officials with personal information on the organization's putative enemies when the story broke in San Francisco in December, 1992. The organization was the Anti-Defamation League.
with so little time left. Half the
For the Mascarpone Frosting-
traffic, the citizens live in
We thank you for your confidence in our mission, your faith in the humans behind it and your belief in the transformational possibilities of United Classrooms. We thank you for deciding to commit your resources to a growing program that seeks to revolutionize the way that kids collaborate. It is difficult for us to express the value of every single donation.
And this is why it was chosen by Nicole Murphy, head of In Fabula-Divinos:
3) When I was working at a shop in town, I had brought a lunchbox of pasta with me, but had forgotten a fork. So I popped to Wilkinsons to get a fork and picked up a pack of PLASTIC forks, knives and spoons. I went to pay at the till and was told by the cashier that I had to be OVER 21 to buy these PLASTIC knives. I had to swap the packet for one that contained only forks despite the fact that plastic forks are actually much sharper than plastic knives!!
It better be.
As far as the hummers, it is migration time again, when they go through here to their northern summer homes. The photo is pretty dark, but it was dusk and it's the best lighting I could manage.
How can you look at me as if I was just another one of your deals?
A page on housing announces that the developer has "agreed to build between 600 and 1,000 affordable units on or off-site for sale to low- and middle-income first time homeowners" but there's no mention of that in the documents produced by the Empire State Development Corporation.
A bit of research later: Apparently the UK still uses miles for distance, and "m" as an abbreviation. And it's illegal to use "km" for distance! The mind boggles!
the mounting pain
Will I start reading Edward Abbey and Cormac McCarthy?
Thank you to those who messaged me/left comments saying they missed my blog posts and asking me if I was alright. It was touching to know that people enjoyed reading my blog so much. I hope all my favourite readers and bloggers have been doing great. I certainly missed reading the classics and genres I so adore and blogging about it, but I'm very thankful for everything I have been learning during this break.
I thought this article was interesting and something I think I have written in the past. Well almost. I don’t agree with the bit about not having conversations online and her ideas about “slow” conversation in person vs online mediums. Obviously she hasn’t spent a lot of time using IMs.
"I have a question about Austin's classes. Austin seems to think that he's in regular reading and writing and regular geography."
Level 4: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 7%.
Indeed, the figures will pale into insignificance when you consider the crimes solved and prevented by using intelligence.
Then Liberty's face lit up, "That's why they're this little, Mommy!" She showed me with her fingers how tall they were, and I couldn't hold it in. I laughed, and we all started laughing together.
And we shall play a game of chess,
Gunther lean back and put his arms akimbo. “Fuck no, man.” He cocked his head. In a hushed voice, he asked, “What do you want to know?”
On the other hand, paedophiles are perhaps the one sure-fire way to get the rabid right wing press to give a hoot about inequality. This pervert dumping could therefore be a progressive development.
salt, pepper, and seasoned salt to taste
you held: pans, scissors, my hands,
Today was my first day of school at Central City High, and I loved it. I rose at 5:30a.m., showered, and ate a bowl of Cocoa Puffs. When I first got up, though, I drank an entire cup of cranberry juice, which I’ll be sure not to do again s it caused my stomach considerable distress. We have six, no, seven periods here, a big change from Beautiful Town, where we had only five. The classes were really short, only about fifty minutes each. I’d only just become acclimated to one when another would begin!
One day when I was in high school I started doodling and suddenly I had created something like this. At one time I designed a back tattoo piece that would run from the back of my neck to my tail bone which had meaning to me, every line and stroke was an emotion, a part of the journey. I put it in a safe place and never saw it again. Once I realised I couldn’t find it, or more that it may have been removed from my room, I quit doodling. I think I quit writing around the same time. I started drawing again only recently. It probably doesn’t mean much to anyone but, you know, it’s a thing I do.
“Yeah, Daddy,” she went on. “Money is nice but I’d rather have you.”
Thinking about this question, I was able to come up with one very good example--and it brought me to tears all over again. The day my grandpa past away. I was always very close to him, so when my grandma called my mom in the middle of an August night to tell her he had had a brain aneurysm and was in the hospital my world crashed down around me. He was always my favorite person. When my mom came to tell me that we had to pack and leave for Iowa quickly, I didn't waste anytime. We got everything packed, got in the car, and my mom drove--fast. He was in one of five hospitals in Des Moines, Iowa and each had a different exit. Because this was before the days of internet map guidance and GPS, we had to get off the interstate at each exit to see if it was the right hospital. As it turned out, my grandpa was in the last and furthest hospital. When we finally arrived, my grandma greeted us, crying, telling us he had passed away just minutes before we arrived. My heart broke, but I know that he did not want us to see him suffer. Eleven years later, the pain is still as raw as it was that day.
big dog. big poop.
portion
It look like the clerical collar is becoming a thing of the past. I see where, Pastor Ed Young have launched PastorFashion.com as a way to set a trend in today's pulpit. With the launch of the new site,the controversial pastor is hoping to motivate and empower today's church leaders in how to have swagger. Pastor Young say this is a site where pastors can go to get tips on looking their best.
Anyway, the premise of the books, from what I can gather, is that the rapture comes and carries away the pious, and the rest are left to fend off minions of Satan, or something along those lines. So, of course, some enterprising and righteous soul came up with this fabulous idea - a videogame, wherein you, the Christian hero, pump Jesus into these liberal gay demon bastards using a submachine gun.
The beer I chose to review is one of their latest seasonal offerings, the Beachcomber Summer ale. This beer is styled after a German weissbier and pours to the colour of a golden west coast sunrise. Its unfiltered so its opaque as well. The pour leaves a wonderful fluffy white head atop the beer. When you bring it to your face you are hit with the wheat beer scent. Banana, spice and wheat all attack your olfactory. It tastes like every good wheat beer should, minimal bitterness, a bit of spice and a crisp finish. It’s served from their 341ml bottles at a 5.3% ABV. This beer, when poured right, makes for a very nice session beer. A great quaffer if you will. It does appear to be a bit of a polarizing beer though. I really like it, but my wife & Frank (freelance leapbeer acquisitionist) didn’t like it. It really is a love it or hate it beer. It is also of note that this beer pack had a small card explaining the tasting notes of this beer, which is a nice touch.
"Hey, Bubba, Big Jim, Duke and Slim -- I went to the gun shop for more ammo. I'll be back in an hour. Don't mess with the pit bulls: they attacked the mailman this morning and messed him up real bad. I don' think Killer took part in it but it was hard to tell from all the blood.
Taking the suggestions provided by a nursing advisor, I will be working towards getting my Associates in Nursing. I had an appointment at the community college and discovered that I only have a few more classes to take prior to submitting my application for the program next year. Because I am choosing to take the journey rather slowly, I will have plenty of time to take most of these classes one at a time. My goal is to submit my application during the Fall, 2013 semester for the Spring, 2014 program. Until then, I will be taking as many of the science classes now so, when it comes time, that part will be done during the nursing classes themselves.
Briggs's youthful readers have to be sturdy of psyche. Her tale of the Each Uisge, the Scottish water horse, ends with the livers of seven little girls washing up on the shore.
He knows how to use everything on his computer, massages his own aching feet, and can always find his car keys.
I have a layout to share that I made for the April 1st challenge at Once Upon A...Sketch. There's a beautiful sketch, and the journaling prompt is "Home." I started sifting through a pile of pictures that I've had sitting on my desk, and this one stood out to me. I have scrapped this one (or one very similar) before, but I felt this perfectly portrayed my idea of "home." We have moved 3 times in the last 2.5 years, and we do not own our home, so it really isn't ours. But I have learned that we adapt, and make wherever it is we settle, feel like home, because we are together and we are happy, and that is what "home" is, to me.
BrooklynSpeaks, a coalition that said the plan should be changed substantially or rejected, stated: "We believe the incoming Spitzer administration must seize the opportunity in the new year to fix the project. The plan, particularly its second phase, must be changed to address its overwhelming scale, superblock design, lack of a transportation plan, and public process that has alienated rather than involved New Yorkers. "
I’m just going to say it. The people at Apple, Inc. are marketing geniuses…es….ess. (How do you pluralize that?) There was a time…before my time…yeah…that’s it…when the Mac had nothing on IBM. People looked at the Mac as inferior. All the cool kids had IBM (or IBM compatibles…Gateway, Dell, etc) and the rest…well, they had Macs.
of student film projects and Iceland tourism videos in coming years.
It was raining again this morning. I'm running out of ideas for the kids, so when Virginia Mom suggested we meet up at the doll museum with a few other ladies, I went for it. It's definitely scraping the bottom of the barrel when I take Lucien ("What's a Barbie, Mommy, OOH, can I touch her boobies?") and Coco ("stop lookin' at me like that, punk, or Ima hit you with this Barbie") to the doll museum.
simmer for 2 to 3 minutes.
Simply, payday advances might be obtainable, immediate, and handy lending options which have been appropriate adequate in meeting any limited-time economic crisis, and this can be accredited within just hours, very. This mortgage is the response to an critical will need have a tendency to transpires in the heart of the thirty day period-just when there is no need anything remaining from the prior wage any more.
In the second verse, we hear bell synth play in the quieter sections of the song through the right channel, which causes a growing, melodic line in the measures after the bells demise that start on the left hand side of the mix and makes it’s way toward the other side as the rest of the verse goes on. It then explodes into one of the most important pieces to end the second verse and make way for another, brighter layer of instrumentation that appears during the second chorus of the song and if you’ve followed this complex session..you would’ve guessed that it outputs through the left speaker.
“In Oslo (Norway), all sexual assaults involving rape in the past year has been committed by males of non-western (non-white Muslim?) background; this was the conclusion of a Police report published today. This means that every single rape assault in the last five years, where the rapist could be identified, he was a man of foreign origin.”
Feivel's Flying Horses by Heidi Smith Hyde with illustrations by Johanna van der Sterre
I’m saying put it on silent but still take it with you. When a phone rings, you have the choice to answer it, it doesn’t answer itself. If you don’t want to talk…. Don’t!
I took a photograph of a Great Blue Heron cruising over the clear waters of lake. It did appear in a prior post of mine, Audubon Inspired Photos.
When I meet a shrink that shares that perspective, I’ll let them help me out. In the mean time…no dice.
A few parsley leaves
I was on standby for months, for the entire next year. I recognized the aggression in "my boys" and the need for an adrenaline rush. I chided them after motorcycle accidents and roadhouse brawls. I preached a good sermon about constructive versus deconstructive behavior, baby.
And this dead man the guards they all stood there in fright
Wooo hooo, I got the media chest instead of the tall one ! I can’t wait till they deliver.
“Dark cemetery grave dirt. A pitcher full. I wonder how much that is?”
"Right then, we're going to sell it to X-Factor so they can cover it."
Honey roast ham
APRIL 2012 – JESSICA SIMPSON
Hi! Lori here from ScrappinMyStressAway and I am so excited to show you a Graduation Card I made. This card design can work for many different cards as well.
Now I get to see the other wild side, that being Chicago. I haven’t heard any trucking horror stories out if there like you do from New York so maybe it won’t be all bad. I might even get to sample the cuisine while I’m there, who knows?
I hope that those who have family members who serve in our forces are reunited safe and sound very soon.
DON’T: Shout across the office to your colleagues, if you need them urgently get up and walk over to their desk. If you act like this your more impolite colleagues will think it is okay to shout at you for whatever they need.
“At least we can let doctors know and your mom know that, you know what? Maybe this isn’t going to help. Maybe you’re better off not having the surgery, but taking the painkiller,” responded Obama
For the last 15 years I carried around a bicycle lock in my shop work bag. Why? Because I knew one day I would need that chain. Well, the day finally arrived yesterday when I bought a brand new bike.
Finally, just when I had walked through so many overpriced antique shops I wanted to quit, we stopped at a light store. By this point I was researching new chandeliers and had given up on the whole antique thing all together. So we stopped at the light store.
Anyway, we were definitely super appreciative for the break, and I'm sure it's good for Henry to get used to hanging out with people that aren't me. He sometimes has a bit of a whinge when I pass him over to anyone else, but it's not really affecting our daily life in any negative way... Yet.
Earth’s spin axis, in addition to being tilted twenty-three and a half degrees, wobbles. This change in position causes the equinoctial points to regress by one degree every seventy-two years; it changes the viewpoint of one zodiacal constellation every two-thousand-one-hundred-sixty years, making one complete revolution every twenty-five-thousand-nine-hundred-twenty years.
This and Bad Teacher both made me laugh once. Not each; they shared just the one laugh between them. Although, I’m not sure, it could’ve been a hiccup. Or a long, drawn-out boredom sigh. Natalie Portman proved that Black Swan may very well have been a brilliant fluke; James Franco bizarrely replicated his Pineapple Express persona... but in chainmail, and without the charm; Danny McBride came off least inept, but he misfired eight jokes in every ten. (I loved "No! Not triangle face," however.) David Gordon Green showed refreshing comic chops and did a cheeky about-turn with Pineapple, but now he’s just exposing to us to his rotten comedy cavities. He’s laughing at us, not with us, surely?
If you go back a year in my blog, back to April of 2011, of 2010 even, you’ll know this is almost an annual thing. But this time, I’m not kidding (the other times I wasn’t either, but this feels more serious). I lost my job (over a month ago now, I think), I’m in dire straits when it comes to paying bills, I’m about to lose my place to live (school is ending), and although I have a slight summer plan, I have no way to execute it. I’m fighting with everyone I love, and I’m constantly irritated. I spend hours upon hours in my room, trying to get away from people, and when someone intrudes on this solitude, I get anxious and angry.
JEREMY WINS!! WOOT!!!
- L'Oreal Telescopic mascara, Infallible lip: CAD10.99
Sir Adrian said: ‘The private rental sector has gone through a period of rapid growth, and it’s crucial that the government does all it can to ensure that demand continues to be met. I aim to help remove barriers to investment, contributing to the continuing health of a sector that millions of people rely on.’
I'm most familiar with the electronics industry, so let me give you a story from my world. Most people have heard about Silicon Valley, which certainly was, and may even still be, the innovation capital of the world. A typical scenario might be like this. In satellite communications, there is a couple, of large companies who dominate the industry. Like all large companies, they have a large set of policy and procedure manuals that show everything that must be done for any situation that comes up. Perhaps a new market is perceived; the company must conduct a study to see if there's enough money to be made to pursue the market. They must do a developmental budget, have decision agreement ("buy-in") from many levels of management, and so on. Perhaps a previous customer had sued them over delivery of a product that they thought didn't meet the contract promises, for example, so they may require marketing surveys to understand just what the market wants.
‘It’s difficult’. Having been here a while now I know when to leave things alone and to wait a few days before asking again.
The ninth and current HMS Severn is a River class offshore patrol vessel of the British Royal Navy. Named after the River Severn, the ship is the first to bear the name in 56-years.
6. Priorities
I am also excited by the fact that Mr Hotness himself, David Beckham will be coming down under with LA Galaxy to play against Melbourne Victory in November! I'll be first in line for tickets to that game!
Did you know it is World Zombie Day? Did you know there was such a thing? Well. There is. And it's today. So I hope your zombie day was a happy one.
Bronzing Beauty from Belles N' Whistles, Portebello Road paper from K&Company, Rhinestones from K&Company, MS daisy border punch, copics, SU topnote die cut, Prima Flowers, Stickles, ribbon, Blue Moon charm.
pink flower headband
For Immediate Release--
I won't specifically recommend a software package here, but you can check out sites like http://www.consumersearch.com/parental-control-software for a comparison. You will want to look at much more than the price in any comparison (there are free options too). Ease and flexibility of configuring is important. Granularity of categories can be important too. It will be much easier to be specific in what you want to block and allow using software that has 80 categories as opposed to 10 (a small number of categories with sub-categories is even better). Once you've configured it, be sure to log in as a non-administrator and try out your settings, try "bad sites" to make sure they are blocked.
Frank Van Riper and Judith Goodman for photographing the event.
We will be announcing our winners sometime this week, so watch out for our special posting.
bookmarking me for tomorrow.
Hair: Fri.day – Tatum – Passionate Red
I’m not going to hide behind jokes and sarcasm (well, actually I probably will do that)
Many women using mental health services are likely to have experienced sexual or physical abuse at some time in their lives. Research in 2004 showed that domestic violence cost the health service £1.4 billion.Violent experiences can clearly have very damaging long-term consequences for women including physical and mental health problems. With regard to violence in the community, sexual harassment, for example, can not only be humiliating, it may constitute a health and safety problem.
Laud the glorious Conception
Have you been coming up with new ideas for your business for 2012? Our first tip of the year is to write down your ideas when you think of them. Candy makers live fast-paced lives, moving from chocolate tempering to supply ordering to payroll, oftentimes all within the first hour of the day. If you don't write down what you're thinking, there is a pretty good chance you'll forget it.
At first, JJS is enchanted and impressed by the passion and devotion of the “Christians” he encounters at the Bible study: they are serious, smart, and sincere. But he eventually reads some other books and has a theodicy issue: he writes, “The hell stuff: I never made peace with it” (29). He concludes:
Rnd 3) ch2, 2dc in first st, dc in next st, * 2dc in next st, dc in next st, repeat from * around, sl st to top of first st
2 cups fresh white bread crumbs
you probably remember last week when DFW was hit with 17 tornadoes.
On to the swimming pool for some exercise after a long day’s driving. After dropping the kid off in the hotel room with a gourmet meal and her declaration, “This is the life!”, I headed downstairs to find the hubby. We scarfed down a Frybread Chicken Taco, played penny slots because we aren’t gamblers and headed to the bar for a drink before calling it a night.
“Why has she given me all this extra work to do with the rose?” he thought as he copied each petal carefully. “It does add to the composition, though”. As he was drawing the thorns on the stem, he thought about how much a rose is like a woman; beautiful to look at, but hurtful if not handled correctly.
Maybe, but we will never see high enough level to worry about it.
When you are all
90) My dad was an engineer, mechanic, and all-around handyman type, and I always wanted to learn. Whenever I tried to get him to teach me things, he would tell me to go help my mother, and then he would make my brother come out to help. I finally learned to just not talk, stay on the sidelines, and learn by observing. I don't know why my dad was like that with me, as I was his favorite kid, and he definitely didn't think that chores or tasks fell along male/female lines. Years later, I'm still puzzling over that one.
+ a long overdue book recommendation - nicholas & alexandra by robert k. massie. a must for any Romanov-obsessed bona fide russophile, enchanted with the opulent splendour of the tsarist court (like yours truly) and a truly compelling read for everyone else. it is an amazing account of what led to the revolution, rich with details of the daily life of the Imperial family, breathing life into empty-sounding names. a fascinating, if rather disturbing reminder that one person or an unfortunate coincidence can shape the future of the whole world. books like that make me want to never bother with fiction again.
Tomorrow and Tuesday (May 7th & 8th), A Circle in the Woods will once again be free on Amazon.
Curry Leaves: 1 spring
I enjoy reading. I enjoy writing. I enjoy reading what I write. But if it isn’t flowing, stressing over it will not make it come any faster. I need to give myself permission to step back, re-charge my batteries, and allow the process to take me over again.
a. God
So if your friends are planning a bridal shower, you must checkout invitations by Felix Doolittle, and forward them the link. (By the way, his wedding invitations and thank you notes are fabulous too.)
In such a scenario, no company owner will ignore the need for insurance. Not getting the organization covered by insurance is considered the most irresponsible act businesses may commit for their organizations. Simultaneously, they need to circumvent getting covered in the wrong method. It is quite important to be covered by insurance using the appropriate deal and understand the suitable insurance level.
Let me know if The Husband Project is working for you. Is it hard for you to come up with ideas or is it easy? Does your husband notice? (Not mine, but it's kind of neat because I feel like I have my own little secret - I wonder when will he catch on?) Does him noticing (or not noticing) make you want to try harder or just give up? Well, don't give up. This is just the beginning.
Blue Jays, you betcha! '10 Topps Toppstown insert TTT9. The Russell Martin is a '11 Heritage Chrome towards the insanity set, one step closer to the magic number of 1500.
and if we they fly we will run
This is serious business! (And pay no attention to those voices behind the camera!)
So there I was, minding my own business. Peacefully lying on the couch with a flame shooting out of my ear (ear candling - it's amazing). Ava chose that moment to say what quite possibly is the funniest thing she has EVER said...well this week anyway. Now, Ava rambles. She asks me at least 500 questions a day. I think she says "mom" or "mama" at least 1000 times a day. Around 8 or so if she hasn't met her quota, she usually starts saying it 5 or 6 times in a row before asking or telling me what is weighing on her little 4 year old mind. But, I digress. As I was lying with a candle stuck in my ear...Jill sitting next to me to ensure that my hair did not catch on fire (or the couch for that matter), Ava was in the midst if a litany of questions and observations. Thrown in was, "Mom, where's your fivehead?" Of course, I was confused. "Huh?" She then pats the top of her head and says, "Is this my fivehead?" Still confused, "Huh??" She explains, "Well, this is your fourhead...." (pointing, of course, to her forehead.) Unfortunately, I was unable to laugh very hard at that point because: (1) I try not to laugh at her because I don't want to embarrass her and make her not want to come to me with her questions and (2) I was afraid that if my head was shaking, my hair would catch on fire.
Excellent performance; Good screen; 16GB of RAM; Connectivity; Blu-ray drive; Price
Powder the top of the molded button.
alongbine: Yes you did, but I doubt that it will make a difference when I tell her. ha ha ha ha
“Oh yeah, that bastard.” She laid the mirror on the bed, and then purposely stood in a position that put her lady lumps right in my face. I had no choice but to look .They were her only redeeming quality.
The space inside the fireplace was just big enough to hold me, if I curled up tight: pressing legs tightly to my torso, burying my face in my knees.
Shouting at your husband in front of his friends is typical of a woman who is not in love. True African love means asking no questions and smiling even when things are wrong. Even where you are more intelligent than your lover, act like you do not know anything. Being a fool to give your husband greater glory is love beyond measure.
“That town was really easy to manage for the next few years,” Armendariz added.
9. I Live My Life
The parents lamented on the amount of trophies that were piling up at their house and nine year olds with black belts!! Sure, there are a lot of levels of black belts in tae kwon do, but seriously, hearing a nine year old boasting about being a black belt is rather obnoxious.All of this is okay, if that's what you're looking for, but know and understand the difference.
After a year of anticipation, my trip to India is over. While I have been to India many times, this was a special journey for me because I had a chance to show India to my friends. I ended the trip in Chennai in the company of my family–my husband’s sisters and kids.
Pour milk onto a plate with lips or very shallow bowl. place 3-4 drops, each a different color, of food coloring close together in the center of the plate. Then, put a q-tip into the center. What happens?
As I've mentioned, I recently returned from 2 1/2 weeks in South America. Peru and Bolivia to be exact. The main reason for going was a humanitarian expedition to Bolivia for a week. A few of those going decided to go to Peru the week before the expedition since we were going to be so close. Five of us met in Lima to begin our week of adventure...
There is a lot more to this story but I am exhausted from the extreme lows and highs today. I won't be able to share specific details about what we find out but I will update what I can in general terms. Wish us all luck and pray if that's your thing.
Whut? I didn't know he was starting to learn his colors. I guess we need to become better friends with this book.
Friend 2 and I: You won’t like it the first time.
Examples behind my reasoning:
More singles live in New York, and more life with fellow adults, thus leading to the now-typical post-college mutliple-roommate situation, where clusters of unrelated people, each with their own income, compete with nuclear families for larger apartments.
of one's dedication to a cause greater than oneself or
Despite the stepping down of Mubarak as Egypt’s ruler, the Egyptian revolution has still not accomplished weeding out the political corruption and putting civilians in power. The Muslim Brotherhood and SCAF remain in control of the government, refusing to allocate power to civilian authority. Come June, there have been promises that the government will be turned over, creating a more democratic structure. However, while many are optimistic for this future, SCAF and the Muslim Brotherhood have retained power despite past promises to step down. The revolution itself has impacted relations with other countries who have provided aid to Egypt and who hope to provide aid in the future in order to maintain some influence over its political development. Particularly, the United States has been a large contributor to the Egyptian government, including the Mubarak regime. The Egyptian revolution, though it has succeeded in removing Mubarak from power, has impacted the local, regional, and global levels in numerous ways, including a rise in crime, residual and new political corruption, and international relations.
Love U Mom!!
Brown nosers!
Before he was sent to trial, Thomson composed a written martyrs’ testimony as did not know ‘when I may be taken and murdered’, i.e. executed.
Everyone is using the hashtag #SpringHorrorRAT on Twitter to talk it up. If you are on Twitter, join in the conversation and have a spooky good time.
Morgan’s parents were devastated… and determined. Two years after their precious daughter died, Steven Adams and Joan Slaughter joined the Oncology Advisory Board at The Children’s Hospital in Denver to learn more about research and treatment options. They wanted to give directly to an incredible team of doctors in Denver who would put the funds immediately into leading-edge research and treatments. Joan and Steven asked a small group of friends to help host a fundraiser. On a cold night in February, 2001, artma (art for Morgan Adams) artmaonline.org was born. Hundreds of regional and national artists donated and hundreds of art-lovers showed up. The night was nothing short of magical, and the Morgan Adams Foundation was officially launched. www.morganadamsfoundation.org artma became a bi-annual event, and in 2003 they added a second benefit event, the Morgan Adams Concours d’Elegance (a fancy car and airplane show that has been very successful). Last year, the Morgan Adams Foundation celebrated its $1 million milestone in donations to Pediatric Oncology Research.
And that's when I realized that I had become a stalker...but not just a stalker. I had somehow unknowingly, unwittingly, unintentionally transcended mere stalking and made an entire new art form out of it. And I had nothing but the Huntington County School Corporation to thank for it. It was almost like I was beyond a stalker...like a ninja stalker or something. Yeah, I like that. Ninja stalker.
Unfortunately, they only allow pictures of the outside. The doors inside are all painted in gold leaf, which is both intimidating and helps illuminate the palace. The wooden floors of the palace are called “nightingale floors”. When a plank is stepped on, a small wooden piece squeaks against the frame. Thus the guards only had to sit and listen at night.
Whether you float in the water or burn in the desert, fantasy awaits! After all, life is not about finding yourself, it is about creating yourself. Put reality on hold for a weekend, day or even a moment to rejuvenate your spirit.
There was a stream crossing where the ancient Apian Way bisected the region of Macedonia. There Lydia, who worked with fine cloth and purple dye, would gather with others. On that shore, Paul witnessed to Lydia who became Paul’s first convert on European soil.
gracefully jumping...
Death Cab for Cutie: Codes and Keys
--I thought to myself, "Sweeeet ride!"
Hugging you
I've read it several times now and would buy it if it were licensed and available. It's an investment in time and less pure enjoyment than thought-provoking. Which makes it a pretty remarkable manga whatever the genre.
Invite your neighbors to the park and bring cupcakes. Kids having fun + little work = happy birthday girl and happy mama.
Let me first say... For me, the SOUR beers tasted out of pace compared to the assigned Saison yeast profiles. Not totally a bad thing, but I really wanted to taste a spectrum of beers JUST brewed with this years themed yeast.
One tinkled onto the desk. It was the size of a pigeon’s egg.
The post about Instant Space project manager Max Humphrey's early influences is on the way. When I asked different designers and artists to share childhood memories of color, several of them, including Max, mentioned a sort of epiphany when they realized that colors can't clash.
Sometimes the end can lead to great beginnings.
I’m drawn to one doll particularly, Katie, though the hazel eyed Hayden’s eyes are also cute. It’s just the pout that does it – I don’t like it. Reminds me too much of those duck faces and I can’t have my brother take up duck hunt on her.
The competitive Farm to School Grant program was created through the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act (HHFKA) of 2010, or the Child Nutrition Act reauthorization. In 2009 and 2010, CFSC, with the National Farm to School Network and National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition, worked tirelessly to win $40 million in mandatory funding for the new grants program. Beginning October 1, 2012, $5 million will be made available to USDA per year to fulfill the mandate of the HHFKA. USDA plans for the remaining $1.5 million this year are still under development.
Of course, there are things about this movie that I could still nitpick about, but the bottom line is that it's real and it's happening, and next summer can't come fast enough. Of course, whether we'll be able to see it in 3D is another story...
**I’m talking to the couple who actually brought the baby last night, although that wasn’t half as annoying as the girls behind me who wouldn’t shut up about the baby, who was far better behaved. Though I still don’t approve—it’s a loud movie.
Still you can't help but want to love him and cuddle him and squeeze him...like I said about though...just don't squeeze too hard...you don't know what might...um...what you might unleash.
My fiance was just not there for me………. its no excuse i know but thats just how it was…………………………….
You don't have to miss out when love is lost
This experience had the dual impact of illustrating how vulnerable Egypt could be to successive low flows in the absence of the High Dam, but also the importance of a more integrated basin-wide management regime for Egypt’s water security. Successive low-flow years would require more than one massive structure to help achieve greater water security in the future; upstream augmentation of flows would also be important.
July 10 Charlotte, NC Time Warner Cable Arena
“I heard where Aryc and Darky were going to meet so I made sure that I got there first and hid.” She explained where the location was and how she waited in a tree. “Just listen to the tape, Kenny.”
Erm… Gobsmacked. Speechless. Confused.
I Don’t Care What You Put in My Way. I’m Not Giving Up!
Film: Fuji Generic ISO 200
Colgate Save $.50/1 kids toothpaste (4/14)
I always come up with kitchy lil’ names for my yearly b’earthday celebrations…and this year, I jokingly called it my “Thirty-Sexy” birthday. As most of you who follow my posts know – I haven’t felt very sexy about this New Body. And until fairly recently, I was having a very hard time accepting this new form.
AP have a unique design of caliper for many Formulii, with their RadiCal (Radical Caliper) design. This being the way the inner and outer sections join via the complex bridge structure, to make it as stiff as possible. We can see the caliper is bridged in two places and a radial brace is also used. Keeping his area open is important for cooling the brake disc.
I’m no Freudian scholar but I know one thing for certain. The one woman whose love and admiration he wanted most, he could never please or satisfy. His mother did one huge psycho-whack job on his head. Oedipus had nothing on Daddy.
The first class folk were dumbstruck at this crazy ringer’s feat
I honestly fear that I suffer from it. All of the symptoms and signs are problems that I endure. My dad has an undiagnosed, severe case of bipolar. All of my relatives on my dad’s side have a history of mental illness. So it is perfectly plausible that I’m not clinically normal.
14-What would you wear to a fancy dress party?
Plastic free living is a huge overstatement right now. I use plastic every day, in all kinds of ways, though I've really cut back since I decided to give up single use plastics for Lent. I have lots of updates for you, but I'll start with food storage, since it's probably the easiest way to make a big impact in your day to day plastic consumption.
1/4 cup packed light brown sugar
I think the power has been drained out of a lot of female heroes. Sleeping Beauty for example. Totally, and literally, passive. She does NOTHING. Snow White again, after all the warnings she STILL eats the apple and has to be saved by the prince. Cinderella is another. Her only real ability is to look good in a dress. Good grief! Those are not the sort of heroines I’m interested in.
It’s always been a big dream of mine to travel abroad and study, (specifically England, I’m an anglophile what else can I do?) , but at the same time, in scared that if I go I won’t want to leave. It’s only recently that I’ve started to notice how beautiful my country is. And then I get all nostalgic and think “oh my god I’m going to miss this so much, I won’t see my friends or family oh no oh nO HELP I DON’T WANT TO GO“
We’re also promised that further details of the upcoming companion will be revealed soon!
III. Third is the song No Banker Left Behind by American slide guitar virtuoso, taken from his politically engaged and critically acclaimed album Pull Up Some Dust and Sit Down (2011).
OK before I start talking, about this movie, I just explain why this review was late, between me being at work, and my lazy ass watching non-stop One Piece, I just never got around to writing the review. So I’m sorry for the delay.
1 orange - zested, zest cut into 1.5 inch strips
Some people love leet and text in nothing but. Others hate it and see it as the beginning of the end for proper written English. I think leet is just fun.
A note about the beans: I’m usually not persnickety about canned vs. dry beans, but you want dry beans here so that they soak up all the flavor of the sauce. Also, the beans cook a long time and they’ll get mushy if you start with canned. Dry beans can be found in the ethnic/bean aisle of your local grocery store, and they are surprisingly affordable when bought in bulk at Whole Foods. Before soaking, sort through your beans, and remove any blemished ones or ones that look icky. If you’ve never done this before, here’s a guide:
IMPORTANT! Go to the link above where you will find out more about CISPA. Basically, since SOPA didn’t get passed, CISPA is going to the Senate. CISPA will allow for the government and any company to simply take your personal information (including texts, emails, etc.)
A year later and I'm dolled up in my gothy hippy gear and perched on a bench in the Leeds Warehouse. It's 1988, Friday night, and the speakers are pumping out indie rock and acid house. Unbeknownst to my retro rock chums, who contemptuously frowned upon any new emerging musical genre, dance became my secret guilty pleasure. I've always been a rhythm girl at heart preferring the actual music to lyrical content so it was only a matter of time before I threw off my guitar heels and strapped on my dancing trainers.
Double sided tape
When JP. Morgan learned of the true capabilities of Wardenclyffe, the ability to harness an almost infinite amount of power and freely broadcast it wirelessly to anyone who had the proper antenna (with no way to monitor energy consumption) he immediately canceled all of Tesla's funding.
Alterations: French seams (as I mentioned) since the material was sheer and ultra-ravelly. I narrowed the collar and the sleeve cuffs a bit, more-or-less successfully. I attached the ruffles differently; I was going to just shorten them (since I think they look too long in the original) but I wound up finishing both edges and sewing the gathering seam about 1 cm in from one side.
Nayuleska's reasons for loving Niffy...she gets as hyper as I do on coffee, she loves cakes & sweets as much as I do. She is a mastermind for tricks, which are really clever and funny in this & previous books.
Lead you to think 'tis not for man
And miles to go before I sleep,
This is going on my best books of 2007 list.
from all pests.
what is the mean of this song? Clint Black Leaving here a better man What do you say when it’s overI don’t know if I should say anything at allOne day we’re rollin’ in the cloverNext thing you know we take the fallStill, I think about the years since I first met youAnd the way it might have been without you hereAnd I don’t know if words from me can still upset youBut I’ve just gotta make this memory stand clearI know I’m leavin’ here a better manFor knowin’ you this wayThings I couldn’t do before, now I think I canAnd I’m leavin here a better manI guess I always knew I couldn’t hold youBut I’d never be the one to set you freeJust like some old nursery rhyme your mama told youYou still believe in some old meant-to-beStill I’m leavin’ here a better manFor knowin’ you this wayThings I couldn’t do before, now I think I canAnd I’m leavin’ here a better manYes I’m leavin’ here a better manFor knowin’ you this wayThings I couldn’t do before, now I know I canAnd I’m leavin’ here a better manYes I’m leavin’ here a better man
” Is sugar-coating dishonest to you?”
Adam Bede
The mayor of the village had been kind enough to invite her into his home, and Iona had enjoyed getting to know his daughter, a somewhat flighty little thing. He had sent word to Dublin about her whereabouts and she expected her father would arrive any day to spirit her away into the life she had tried to escape.
of course I said yes.
somewhere filled a third of the way already with Quarters.
For almost two years now, I have been a priest; for almost two years, I have been a junior shepherd, under the Chief Shepherd; and the part of his flock that I have been asked to care for and tend is this parish; it is you! You personally are Christ’s own special lamb; and he has asked me—another lamb—to help to take care of you for a little while.
I can’t imagine it. The ratings were awful and The CW actually tried to promote this sucker. They need to find something else to bridge the gap between adults and teens. This was not it.
I decided I really want to establish those 5 files - first narrow it down to 5 topics, and then get busy making them fat!
This poem came from a quote I read: A mountain climber was once asked, why did he climb mountains. His answer was, “Because they’re there.” The reply was: “That’s the exact reason everyone goes around them!”
Photoshop's Warp Text tool allows you to wrap or bend text around an object in your image to make attention-grabbing, personalized banners or headlines. You can also warp text in both horizontal and/or vertical directions to give your text an individual look and feel.
Here are the supplies I used for the trim and doors:
Once the tablet is discovered in the Middle East, the oldest and most powerful gods begin a battle for its possession, with the human population caught in the middle. Morpho, her family, and her new friend must decide, do they escape from the horrifying demoness or fight for their own destiny. How far will Pazuzu go to save his daughter from a hellish fate? Will his banishment from Heaven so many millennia ago end up being a curse...or a blessing?
For nearly every story, the relationships and give and take between characters are how the story is pushed forward, how the characters learn and grow, how the characters reveal who they really are, warts and all.
· Discover environmental science through food production.
Simple Green and Snickers *N* Cream is giving away one of each of these two cleaners!
I'm just after reading through my posts from late November to the one after I was discharged. Frightening as I can remember sitting there writing those words, I remember how badly I wanted to be dead. What I hadn't written though was that I had actually planned my suicide for December 10th. And the dress I was going to wear is still hanging up on the wall as a reminder. Scary stuff. And I am so very grateful to M and to Amanda who refused to give up on me. I am also grateful for your comments from the other side!
(Gypsy used to design - not used to cut w/ imagine - still need update)
There’s your set up. Streep is one hell of an actress (for certain that is NOT a newsworthy statement). She does this role seemingly so well, and so easily, that you’re brimming with hate, you can’t wait for Andy to quit. You hope she’ll move on – to save her dignity, to save her relationship with her live-in boyfriend Nate (Adrian Grenier of Entourage fame), and to find a job as a journalist which was what she wanted all along.
He’s one of 4 children and at one time his parents were fostering 3 children on top of that he stated “It was a madhouse” they have fostered 50 children over the past 20 years ! He described the experience as “humbling” and “rewarding” but said “giving the kids back it was very hard “
Did You Miss Me?
“Don’t worry Taeyeonnie, i can take care of myself.” I replied her.
LESSON #4. Passions aren’t necessarily permanent. Oh, I do so love this one, because it makes me have to consciously check myself quite frequently. Stop me if this seems familiar (well actually don’t stop me, I hate being interrupted – just chuckle and nod.) You signed your daughter up for piano lessons, and she instantly took to them. She has learned quickly, and plays and practices so often that you fear she may be becoming obsessed. But she does seem to love it, and says that she loves it, and it’s what she wants to do forever. Her teacher suggests that she take more private lessons and get a better piano, and your daughter loves the idea. So many months and thousands of dollars later, she suddenly loses interest. She doesn’t want to play; she doesn’t want to go to lessons; and she doesn’t want to practice. In fact, she now watches Pokemon videos most of the day. And chances are, you ARE PISSED. You spent time, and money, and effort, and she said she wanted to do it, and why can’t she keep her commitment, dammit!!! Well, it’s not that she cannot keep her commitment – she would just rather do something else. And yet you may be angry, and disappointed . . . but please take pause. Something else caught her eye, a new pursuit, and new interest, a new PASSION. She has been encouraged to explore her passions, and she is doing just that. It may not be what we would prefer or choose, but it’s not OUR choice – it’s hers. Everything in life comes and goes – interests, passions, beliefs, friends, ideals, goals, dreams – and they will go when they go, regardless of the time or money we have spent acquiring them in the first place. My own passion for hockey and passion for dam building have come and gone for the most part, to the point where I can drop them for months and then return with gusto when I am ready – or not return at all, depending on my passion. Passions like piano, or golf, or other things that require practice to be good at, will also come and go. But part of the deal is that you cannot force someone to continue a passion, because to do so moves a passion into a resented obligation, thereby removing much of the joy and freedom of learning that accompanies it. Trust that just because they drop a passion now doesn’t mean that they will fail to develop skills like perseverance in the future. As a parent in these situations, I think you have a choice – you can force them to continue and thereby risk teaching them what passions ARE NOT, or you can take these opportunities to help your child through a decision making process that focuses on joy and desire. Remember the second part of the unschooling philosophy I mentioned earlier – providing children with the freedom to learn what, when, and how they want. For me, my passion to teach has never waned . . .it has morphed significantly in response to my own desires, dreams, and circumstances, and it has sometimes taken a back seat . . . but it has never disappeared. But what if it had disappeared? Would that mean that my life is over, meaningless, wasted? Of course not . . . it simply means that I have either chosen to focus on a different passion, or am maybe taking a little break. I try to look at changing passions, either at home, or at work, as opportunities to connect with my children or co-workers in different ways, as expansive rather than restrictive.
The team opens the month with Chicago followed by Miami, Atlanta, the Lakers, San Antonio and the Clippers. The month also ends with a matchup against Kevin Durant and the Oklahoma City Thunder. The Sixers will have to take advantage of the teams that they are clearly more talented than. To finish north of .500 during February, the team cannot afford to give any games away.
What has been achieved?
against love
A Merry Life: Sweet and comforting vanilla beans infused with cream, star anise, pink pepperberry, and tarnished ever-so-slightly by worn leather boots, chimney smoke, and tobacco tar.
"Listen to me, you gooey son of a bitch. You're gonna tell us what you're building here, or I'm gonna wash your mouth out with soap." Hee.
This might be what I need to get me back in line
Luke: Yes Mommy, they clean dirty cars off with their big hoses.
Here are some pictures I took on our field trip to the nursery today. I love taking my camera there.....they do so much better with the flowers than we'll ever do and it's just a feast for the eyes!! The colors are amazing and so enjoyable, and so is the aroma! This year I wasn't able to enjoy that, as I'm still all congested with my allergies, but I loved the visual part!!
Just my luck it won't work. Just like with my luck the work laptop has decided to start playing up last weekend. Turns out it's the explorer process which hangs, but oh so annoying when you have to restart it several times in order to get all your programs to run properly.
The kingdom that suffered in the economic sector as well as in the job market, is hoping to regain the lost glory. The real estate market was one of the most affected during the year-long protests by the kingdom’s majority Shia section. Some of the key areas, including capital Manama, is among the badly hit. Flat and commercial rents were slashed 50 percent: Landlords were forced to reduce the rents to avoid further losses on the buildings and the car parks, on which they were already paying taxes.
While the busy world nods indulgently, I do just as I please quite really. I get away with it most oftenly, chuckling to myself quite innardly.
Lemme say the best loves in my world are also intense friendships. Even that, you will find, is far too rare for my liking. Powerful trust and comfort comes rarely on the open sea. But real love is based on more than what the adult world will offer both of us……So I ask you all to bring you’re A game to the table. Cause I want you well fed when I take your hand, put you in bed and snuggle up behind you in perfect comfort…..my arm wrapped around you …….making you safe and secure for the night.
Now that I have my internet back, I have quite a bit of typing and photo editing to do. Stay tuned!
It is like PR in showbusiness and the media.
embellishments I have to meet it and then see how I can use them.
When I began work, early last year, on the novella that would eventually become Improper Relations, I was hoping to push myself. Throw out the rule book. Write a story that stretched—even demolished—the limits I’d been setting for myself as a writer.
'Her finely touched spirit had still its fine issues, though they were not widely visible. Her full nature, like that river of which Cyrus broke the strength, spent itself in channels which had no great name on the earth. But the effect of her being on those around her was incalculably diffusive: for the growing good of the world is partly dependent on unhistoric acts; and that things are not so ill with you and me as they might have been, is half owing to the number who lived faithfully a hidden life, and rest in unvisited tombs.'
01-Dennis Walks-Don't Play That Song
I used an embossing pen to go over some of the sections on top and bottom papers and embossed with black embossing powder.
Take a moment and read this article as well, it makes some nice, not-in-your-face points, and has big print so you know it's not going to bore you to death with too many convoluted details: "Get Rid of Chemical Fabric Softeners - Protect Yourself And the Environment." What you may like about what they have to say here, is that you can still get soft clothes, but there are some viable, environmentally friendly alternatives. Come on, don't skip over the link--really, I'm a lazy reader myself, and didn't find it long-winded.
I stopped asking, distracted by the automated blood pressure cuff cutting off the circulation in my arm. My hand would curl into a ball while everyone just stared. I took it off, threw it on the floor and explained they would have to take my blood pressure the old fashioned way. (I'm not a good patient.) It was about this time our friendly nurse, Ann, clammed up. She wouldn't even look make eye contact with me.
6. Using a mop or rotary floor machine and the stripping pad, continue the stripping operation by infilling and overlapping passes.
The season is less than two weeks away, preseason practice is a happening thing, injuries are commonplace and predictions and hopes are on the rise, so you know what that means for the Mumme Poll, right?
So far, so bad, fair enough.
2 Gator Country 6:17
* legalization of illegal immigrants combined with visa reform
Do you consider the effects of colour when choosing colours for your jewellery?
I hope that you, the reader, will share your thoughts about this book with me. Please drop me a line at: ljhadaway@hotmail.com
PTC Thermisters are switching type and their resistance suddenly rises at some critical temperature. The PTC Thermister is made up of doped polycrystalline Ceramic containing Barium titanate and other compounds. The dielectric constant of PTC Thermister varies with the temperature. Below the Curie point temperature, the high dielectric constant prevents the formation of potential barrier between the crystal grains of the material which keeps the Thermister at low resistance. When the Curie point reaches, the dielectric constant drops and a potential barrier develops at the boundary of crystals. This increases the resistance sharply. But if the temperature is too high, sometimes the PTC Thermister reverts to NTC character.
The way I see it is that in my lifetime there is no way I could ever possibly run out of writing prompts. If I find myself saying that I cannot think of anything to write about, what I really should be admitting is that I'm too lazy or not motivated to write at this moment. Everything is a potential prompt for writing. You just have to use your imagination and ask some questions.
* 1 cup quick cooking oats
This is Izzy's first road trip with the family and she was a real trooper on the way down, although the traveling did get a little wearisome on the way.
You made me didn’t you?
It is clear even in paragraph 30 of the DOJ’s own complaint that Amazon was engaging in predatory pricing — i.e. by selling e-books at $9.99, Amazon was selling them below cost.
Chaz Hansen after winning the LCAAA, raised his record at 1st singles to 11-0 on the season. He was also The Chronicle Telegram’s Player of the Week!! Congratulations Chaz!
"Just been to a Health and Safety lecture," she said, "Riveting, it was, absolutely riveting." Her face said differently.
Lovelock also declared in the interview that “as an independent and a loner,” he did not mind saying, “All right, I made a mistake,” adding that university or government scientists might fear that admission of such a mistake could jeopardize their funding.
The C3 Website has a photo of Steven Furtick with a quote next to his face. How can Furtick supposedly state “There is a lost, hurting, broken dying, desperate, sorry world without Christ”, when he himself abuses Christians, sensors the gospel and elevates himself to some type of messianic figure?
Reason of watching:I just watch this movie because I was bored with my study.
Nick Drake--Fly
30 min Protein Rest Add 14.63 qt of water at 119.1 F 113.0 F
And if the name wasn’t tearing apart the bellies of cars, it was instead emptying the bank accounts of New Yorkers with blue and white bills being slid through a mail slot.
Get back home. Open front door. Big brassiere brochure on the mat. Run upstairs.
MTL asked #2 son to trim my vanilla scented clematis - uinknown to me.
Buying a house together has definitely been a learning experience. One thing I learned about the boyfriend is that he needs to write things down and make lists in order to get things done. For example, he has to sit down with a spread sheet and go over every expense/savings in order to determine how much he has left over at the end of the month. I handle these things a little bit differently. I like to pay for what needs to be paid for and whatever is left over I either put some into savings or spend. Simple. Easy. And no complicated spread sheets required. Part of my mentality comes from the fact that I have lived on my own before and have had bills to pay since I was old enough to open my own bank account.
Ephesians 2:14-18
Cell phones and computers have helped expose some of the recent uprising in Egypt and Syria, spread rumors about Charlie Sheen, and the latest baseball scores. The subject that produced a record setting 5,106 tweets per second (TechNewsCast 2011) was the rumor from Keith Urbahn, White House staff, when he tweeted “So I’m told by a reputable person they have killed Osama Bin Laden. Hot damn.” In less than 30 minutes, hundreds of thousands of tweeters spread the message around the virtual global network. Crowds began to gather in solidarity to celebrate a victory before any formal announcement. A new connection was being made; a shared emotion of victory brought an opportunity for a new collective consciousness. The sociologists suggest we need “an open society based on trust in which people are free to exercise their capacities for improvisation, altruism, and solidarity.” (Solnit 2009) The death of bin Laden brought crowds together in the streets, cheering with jubilation, but how many will stay informed when the media moves onto a new story? The social media sent the excitement around the world and began entwining small strands of hope together. Who will continue weaving the conversation? Can social media create a community strong enough to change the collective consciousness?
And I wont let this suffer,
-CJ
The photographer, a single mother herself, fired away at Boykin and her red-eyed offspring as they discussed which picture did Tony justice. He looked, from the images, like a tall and healthy man, with a playful look on his face.
So, I scrub my face with PanOxyl. I use topical benzoyl peroxide and salicylic acid. I eat cookies. (Not relevant.) I visit the dermatologist's office a couple of times a year, and primarily see the physician's assistant, Mike. He's a nice guy, usually helpful, very smart, with dermis as smooth as glass. (Grrrr.)
She chuckled unpleasantly. “I suppose that with us living in such close proximity, last night was inevitable. But don’t worry about it happening again, Nick. When you get home this evening, I won’t be here.”
a street of wooden walls and empty windows,
1 tablespoon rice flour
Glenn
This article appeared in the week my youngest daughter started infant school. I’d been looking forward to it immensely, because I’d spent the last three years working from home and looking after two young children. Working from home meant I didn’t have the social aspects of life that working in an office could bring and being a single parent of two young children meant that nights out were rare. I’d suffered depression of varying degrees, particularly since the birth of my second daughter, and had been happy to stay at home with my girls. But I saw my youngest daughter starting school as an opportunity to meet some new people, make some new friends and the start of a new chapter in my life.
I pray for someone here tonight; in every facet of your life, you will become a star.
At the moment we are focusing on providing miniature flowers made from genuine mulberry paper for crafts use - although we have a small selection of non -paper crafts too. Why mulberry paper? Because they are robust, realistic look and last longer than ordinary paper and it provide a sustainable income for people in the cottage industry. In due course we will be introducing more of other craft materials which is not related to mulberry paper.
His name is Danny.
The common clichés are the likes of “look on the bright side; every cloud has a silver lining; think positive.” But without Jesus Christ, that is impossible. The god of this world is a destroyer, seeking to ruin God’s creation as well as negate the power of the Almighty. For the unbeliever, there is no bright side but as Hebrews 10:27has it, “A certain fearful looking for of judgment and fiery indignation, which shall devour the adversaries.”
And whilst this has been a pretty challenging week on the health front, I've been determined not to let that spoil the lovely memories of time spent with family and celebrating being a mum last weekend. And the phrase above is so apt...rather than wallow in 'woe is me' with how sick I've been, it is SO true that there is ALWAYS something you can be thankful for. So here's my thankfulness for the week:
Flat water… Hmmm. Let me see…
One favor for a friend is one thing. For example, if your a knitter and your friend’s hat is starting to fray. Go ahead and fix it for her. When she brings you a box full of hats that need fixed, tell her you charge by the hour. Period.
Still by the end of the demo, I went home with an uncarved sample block with the intention of using it one day. In the meantime, I turned my detailed designs into magnesium plates. Then got braver and tried out the polymer plates a few months later. I never looked back at the lino block because the impressions I got from my plates were clean, crisp and deep.
ME: Lady… I don’t know what kind of weird kink you’re into, but…
The Angels were trailing 5-2 going into the 8th, when Palmer caved and the Halos scored 5:
From the authors of Four Paws from Heaven (over 100,000 copies sold) comes a new collection of devotional tales. In these heartwarming stories, the authors share wisdom gleaned from years of training, guiding, and loving the canines in their lives. Readers will discover powerful spiritual insights, including:
And I also made this mini 6-inch ice-cream cake for my friend Diana last February. It was a chocolate cake again, but I can't remember what ice-cream flavor I made. I think it was my plain coffee ice-cream?
So I stood holding my first authentic piece of Korean memory, watching it come so close yet stayed so far away, like those childhood jump ropes, flying close, then looping away, never quite reaching me. I looked around the crowded shopping arcade, pressed amongst my own people for the first time, utterly alone.
That the people who make you laugh are more beautiful than beautiful people. That you laugh more than you cry. That crying is good for you. That the people you hate wish you would stop and you do too.
But I still don't get it.
Other resolutions... practise the guitar. Lovely Husband bought me a guitar for Christmas! Yay! And despite the trauma of having to cut my left fingernails down in order to play it, I am really enjoying it. My repertoire consists of 'He's Got The Whole World in his Hands' (a mighty two chords to learn) and... Well, that's about it, so far. Still, if the writing all goes pear-shaped, it could be my next career move, busking on the streets of Britain.
Punctuate Appropriately
I have already acknowledged that we cannot, or at least do not, for reasons before accounted for, brew Porter so well here as they do in London; but I dare venture to say, there are many persons who make such Porter as might please any English palate; and a dose of patriotism mixed with it will make it also agreeable to the Scots. Out of a great number of eminent Porter brewers, I shall beg leave to mention the following:— Mr George Miller, St Ann’s yards; Mr James Hotchkiss, Grass-market; Mr Archibald Campbell, Cowgate; Messrs Gardener and Co, Goosedub; the Industrious Company, Edinburgh; and Messrs Cundell and Son, and Mr Matthew Comb at Leith. I have formerly hinted, that the Porter drunk in our taverns and public-houses is not genuine London Porter, but adulterated with small beer. —This fact has been declared by Londoners themselves, and others well acquainted with its true taste. In short, there is hardly a tavern or public house in Edinburgh or Leith, where London Porter, as they call it, is kept, but at least one third of the bottle is small beer, though you pay fourpence and sixpence a bottle for this precious stuff. … Whereas, good Scots Porter, without any adulteration, can be had at threepence a bottle, and excellent strong ale at the same price, at any public house in the town, both of which are better worth the money than the mixed trash drunk by hundreds of dozens in a day, in and about this metropolis. Following his argument that Scottish brewers, blessed with lower malt duty and cheaper coal, should be able to compete easily with imported English beer were it not for the fashion for London Porter, he concludes:
However it was baseball that the boy with an incomplete right arm loved. In high school he foiled all attempts to exploit his single handed method by fielding bunts without a trouble. He continued to strike people out and fire no-hitters.
“When I heard there would be an apprentice shaman I was so- excited!” that voice hisses at him from across the room. “You haven’t any idea how boring this town has been. Two-house villages are so easy. You should have seen the look on her face when I revealed–”
Labor is destined to lose the next election. But it might radically remake the political landscape as it tries to save itself.
What if we all care about our children
a slap on the wrist
The candid photos by Swedish photographer, Christer Strömholm are at once sad, beautiful and full of hope. In 1959 he moved to the Parisian neighborhood of Pigalle. Christer lived amongst the transsexuals of Place Blanche and was a trusted confident. The mostly night time shots were originally published as Les Amies de Place Blanche, (girlfriends of Place Blanche) in 1983. A new edition has been released with additional photos and reminisances by some of the subjects.
having two final exams this week
Got a small list of phrases that I’m sure will get you in tons of trouble with a police officer if you get pulled over! I’m sure if you catch a nice officer these would really be hilarious though!
Magical thinking rejects the discipline of labor, instead it believes that individual or group success derives from their 'specialness' and that a failure to achieve that merited success is due to being obstructed or conspired against by the underhanded people who cunningly go out and work for a living instead of wallowing in the warm tub of their own specialness.
for my mother and aunt, i made some 30" long, elfish stockings with green polka dot batik fabric and stuffed them with treats.
Club Members (pay in full by the 5 May 2012) only pay R1500
** I forgot that I added chicken to this salad. I just chopped up some chicken breast and cooked it on the stove in olive oil, onion, garlic and some mexican seasonings... red pepper flakes, chili powder, whatever you have on hand.
It wasn’t the actual footballer, you understand. That would have been illegal and...well...weird.
1. Far from wanting to reveal eight things about herself, The Bitch would still be anonymous if Blogger hadn't undone her (for The Bitch's anonymity was in part an attempt to underline her view that in our present cultural climate words and ideas are subverted to image and personality).
The same applies to our life. The blue circle represents what we have in life. In both pictures, the size of the circle is the same, but we often torture ourselves by always comparing what we have with those who have more. Our lives became unhappy, because we feel that we have so little!
While most of our modeling influence comes from people in our immediate environment, yes, we do model on people we know indirectly, through media images. This is especially true if our immediate environment is something we dislike. If you’re struggling to make ends meet, or live in a dangerous community, you’re going to be considerably more influenced by people outside of that than people who have what you already have–and don’t want. We’re all generally aspirational, but people in the trenches are more so than most, and thus more likely to idolize the lifestyles of the rich and famous, so to speak.
The contagious excitement and pure joy of the customers each night; the stimulation of working with people from so many diverse cultures, languages and nationalities; the giddiness of living the Cirque magic and dream day in and day out made everything else I’d ever done pale in comparison. That, and using my French every night to converse with my supervisors, made for the ideal job.
Some of you are tired, you're battle weary...wishing, waiting for that breakthrough. Wanting your marriage to be like hers, and hers and his.
Same Spent Fuel Pool Designs at Dozens of U.S. Nuclear Sites
I think I must need a break. I didn't know I needed one. I got busy and I took one, quite on accident. But it felt so liberating. I haven't blogged, or facebooked, or tweeted for a bit more than a week. Instead, I've rollerskated, scootered, jogged, shot a few free throws, and played tennis with two little people that are getting rather big while I've had my nose in the computer. I've written a couple of letters (real paper and pen letters) and read more than a few books (current obsession-Emerson's essays). I've graded term papers and written letters or recommendation for several of my stellar students. (Here's hoping they get into grad school-they all deserve it.) I got caught up in the beauty and sweetness of the Royal Wedding. I've done the NYT crossword puzzle every day, and get this-my Quiet Man has done it with me with his own copy. That hasn't happened since we were dating, so you know, Kate and William don't have the monopoly on burnin' love, baby. (By the way, I can still smoke him on crossword puzzles,and he can still smoke me on pretty much everything else in the world, so not much has changed with 16 years of matrimony.) I called my sister Leslie three times this week. That's a record. I shed a suprising amount of tears when the Office said good-bye to Michael Scott. What a great boss he turned out to be, as Jim mentioned. And I mopped, dusted, and pretty much sanitized my house. The closets are next. I'm after you, hoardish, gypsy, cluttery clutter. You can run but you can't hide.This has turned out to be a pretty good break.
Lord, help us to live holy,
“Are you Shannon Brown?” one of the officers asks as he gets out of the car.
8th annual Oregon Garden Brewfest
I find this story very sad, as a member of my family could have been famous but also the fact that painting was something which he wanted to, but he had to give it up and pursue a career that he didn't want to do. I find it a shame that his talent had gone to waste and nobody knew how good his paintings were.
This week has been pretty exciting, as I made good progress watching Shugo Chara Season 1. Season 1 is a misnomer, because there are 51 episodes, and the way chapter 26 ends and 27 starts with a new opening tune it might as well be 2 individual seasons. But it isn't, so it remains season 1 for all 51 episodes.
but it would be reasonably close to the kids.
The show obviously has a very upmarket audience, as although America got a lot of mentions, it wasn’t the main focus; the spotlight was on Greece, and its obviously unrepayable debt. What kept me hanging in on the show after the first few seconds of ads was that one of the invitees in the studio quickly said, “Greece’s debt is unrepayable. Any third grade kid could work this out”. As nobody in real authority anywhere in the EU or the US Federal Reserve will admit to this blatant truth, the guy got my respect immediately.
These cameras do a great job and have 5 star ratings but I've always had trouble getting beyond their geek factor. I just couldn't ever see myself with one mounted on my helmet. Not to worry. I came across a guy on a cycling forum I post to who takes some really nice video with the same camera but he uses a handlebar mount rather than the helmet mount. This I can do.
I’m fairly certain that the Apprentice candidate’s creations won’t become widely accepted appendages to our national language, but with obscure words like “schooligan” and “Chindonesia” now formally recognised by Collins, you never know!
How could you not like this? I've heard some concerns that Sierra Nevada will steamroller smaller craft brewers in the area, even in the wider mid-Atlantic. No, I don't think so, not any more than Sam Adams or Yuengling* have, though there was some of that at the very beginning. Sierra Nevada has clearly learned that if they want to keep growing -- and doing good! --
Confronting Ikeda at an SGI meeting, the rogue Fulford Clone attempted to terminate the tycoon with a handful of plastic umbrellas used in cocktails from bars. The clone was screaming phrases such as “Time to storm the Bastille!” and “Give the people back that money!” and what sounded like “Viva les Clones!”
We use the term Tribe because it suggest the type of new society now emerging within the industrial nations. In America of course the word has associations with the American Indians which we like . This new subculture is in fact more similar to that ancient and successful tribe, the European Gypsies-- a group without nation or territory which maintains its own values, its language and religion, no matter what country it may be in. The Tribe proposes a totally different style: based on community houses, villages and ashrams; tribe-run farms or workshops or companies; large open families; pilgrimages and wanderings from center to center. A synthesis of Gandhian
And straight up honest moment, this isn’t always the case for my life. Yes, I’m a youth pastor. Yes, I’m human. I stumble. I get distracted. I make my own plans. Sometimes… I make quick decisions without asking for God’s guidance.
Below you can see some screenshots of the mobile version.
1 mugs
–WHITE-FACED IBIS, between Decker and Rosemary, near Brooks, Dottie Torkelson.
What is it like to be a bit deaf? Firstly, it is normal – for me. We all take our sensory perception – good or bad – for granted. Compared with a dog, even the most sharp-eared of us have hearing loss. Compared with the 80-mile stare of a vulture, the best of us are partially sighted. (OK, human beings are not like animals, not least because of our extraordinary capacity for imaginative identification. You are perhaps doing it right now: what is it like to hear through someone else’s ears?) And mystics through the ages have tried to point out that sense data is not the same as what we have come to think of, purely out of habit, as reality. In The God Delusion (London: Bantam Press, 2006, pp. 405–6) Richard Dawkins goes for a strikingly odd metaphor that defines the limits of human perception as what we can see through the opening of a burqa. Science, he says, opens up the window so wide ‘the imprisoning black garment drops away almost completely, exposing our senses to airy and exhilarating freedom.’ In Cambridge we have the excellent and PR-savvy ‘edutainers’ the Naked Scientists, but they wisely conduct their exciting and explosive experiments wearing fully protective if admittedly non-Islamic clothing.
I really love the two zip pockets at the top of the bag, these are perfect to hold my normal handbag stuff and hide the snacks. These pockets are not the full depth of the bag which means you don't lose your stuff in the bottom of an endless pocket - this is what usually happens to me. This also gives more room in the large centre section.
Plus, I want to be able to fly(in a plane) of course. I am afraid to fly, big time. But, I am also afraid about not being able to sit in the seat. The bulk of my family lives in England, and my brother moved to Ohio. I would like someday to visit both.
Use a rolling pin to flatten one disk and put that on a greased pie pan. I've used a cake pan as well. Add cooled cherry filling (recipe below) and top with other rolled out disk. Crimp edges.
2. When you do fall in love with one or more people a week do you or someone else have to remind you that the person you are in love with is a character in a book?
One of the most important and simple generalizations is that any result like Chernobyl is very unlikely here -- an ongoing, open fire to loft radionuclides seems ruled out. Still, on a smaller scale, fires that did happen, such as in the building of reactor #4, likely did loft some radioactive material. Further, some lofting happens without smoke or ash simply due to the effects of hot air rising. But without ongoing fire and lofting ash flakes, emitted (with steam) heavier particles will tend to fall sooner (on average) and thus travel less than at Chernobyl. Thus, while some will travel far, that amount will be less than at Chernobyl. The degree of propagation is still significant near the plant and for tens of kilometers, dependent on wind, and quite random. We'd expect to see some areas in the exclusion zone with more contamination, while many areas would have relatively little.
"I put it down and I felt it was still heavy. So I backwashed it and all this debris went into my mouth," says the 19 year old. "Then I looked in the can and I saw the tip of the tail and I vomited everywhere."
Nicola
I think this is a most lovely time of year, when we remember to look in the faces of the ones we love, and share in their delight, when we make memories that become suffused with love and tenderness as the years go by.
--Why did that relationship end that way?
The article is to my mind not unreasonable and quotes Dominic Wyse from the Institute of Education. However, there is one major misconception at the heart of the article: that is, this test is going to be testing 'reading'.
"What about on a K-mart receipt? You ever see that?"
We are breathing our holiest prayer.
I hope to see lots of my blogging buddies over there joining in with the challenges :) We have some great sponsors over there and there is sooo much inspiration from the fab design team.
I can do infinite mental trips, when I'm sad. I've a whole alternative happy world in my mind.
“Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched.”
"I think we are sending a very wrong message to the world. If Africa doesn't care about Africa, how do you expect other countries and other continents to care about this continent? We need to be more proactive. We spend too much time in meetings and discussions."
Once I was showered and dressed (knocking one of drips out of my hand in process and spilling blood EVERYWHERE), I walked to a chair and had my first go at feeding Amber properly and unassisted since she was born. This combined with the shower and I was a new person. Amazing how the little things like being able to leave your bed and look after your new baby for yourself and make things so much better.
Now before anyone get into a twist about this, I am glad he told me. We have such open communication where we are right now, that I don’t want Dave to censor anything he feels he needs to share with me. Afterward he held me as I cried a bit, was probably shocked more than anything else, about what I’d just heard, reminding me that he never acted on his thoughts, assuring me that he was still here and that he wasn’t going anywhere. He loves me and loves the life we have now, and said he’s thankful that he was right about the beautiful woman he knew was underneath all the garbage, was now showing herself
Anyway, since then we had to wait until the area dried out so the next stage could begin. Here's the first load of fill that arrived last weekend. Now that pile is only half the size it was when the whole load first arrived. By the time I'd taken this shot, darling husband had already spread almost half of it. It's amazing just how much fill is needed for a job like this.
8) Her Majesty took a dump in the bath tonight. (No pictures, I promise.)
There is also some Stickles stardust on his hat and scarf.
Golden carpets swell
I was on the verge of collapse due to some health problem and was extremely depressed due to it all. Nothing seemed to take away my hidden fears and life came to a complete stand still. I knew all those who loved me were trying patiently to cope with my outbursts and continuous aches, pains and emotional problems. It was a trying experience for everyone.
In Texas, the Open Beaches Act requires owners to move their houses when erosion brings the beach to their foundations. After Hurricane Alicia, in 1983, about 100 houses in Galveston had to be moved, Dr. Leatherman said.
I finally got rid of the old plastic planter I had drug from our last home 7 1/2 years ago. You know the fake terra cotta kind? And since it wasn't new when we moved it was more like 10 or 12 years old... I think the fake terra cotta has gotten a lot better looking in the last decade.
Place parchment paper on cookie sheets, and measure 1/4 cup of dough per cookie, carefully placing the portions on the paper to allow for spreading. Flatten each mound slightly.
Now I have a new camera with a short zoom lens which as you can see does not really get you up close and personal with skittish wildlife so I thought I would just keep moving forward quietly and see how close I could get. Here are the results of my efforts.
TM 11 - BubbleBeam
Now, in the interests of keeping this blog family friendly, I will say that sixteen is kind of young to be going to bars. And in the interests of 'keeping it real' and appearing to be 'down with the kids', I will add that of course we were ALL sneaking off to bars at the age of 16, trying out our fake IDs. Ah, those were the days...
What, that my leg is too long?
My inspiration to finish running a 5K came from a man holding a cardboard sign.
I’ve sat and struggled, trying to find just the right information to link to, or just the right thing to say I read today, that will somehow raise my “Worthiness” as I write a few words about this man who left us far too soon. But there are no stories to share from the internet, that tell the story as strongly as the feelings I have, so for me it’s just this simple:
When you're done making your ball, weave the ends in with a wool needle. I used an old pair of tights to felt my dryer balls. I put a ball into one of the feet, tied it with a scrap of acrylic yarn then added the next ball. I made five in one sitting before my hand started hurting and I gave in and chucked them in the wash. I put them on a 2hr, 60 degree wash with the nappies and then put them in the dryer on full heat for 1hr.
The situation is ridiculous. A foreign imam says that women must be mistreated, and the only complaint comes from Platform for Catalonia. I say something as logical as that natives must come first and the mainstream media don’t stop insulting me and calling me xenophobic, racist, undemocratic and other nonsense. This is further evidence that many have lost their common sense.
The coolest moment for me though was camel pose, second set. Instead of facing the front mirror she had us face the back wall to start. In the full expression, we ended up looking at our own posture in the front mirror... upside down with our smiling happy faces. It was incredible!!! Such an exhilarating moment for me. I looked at myself in the posture and just thought wow, look at my body! It's amazing! Beautiful, strong, powerful. Not the kind of thoughts I think about myself without yoga! But I gained so much respect for myself in that moment. I realized that in spite of its flaws or pain or whatever else, my body is powerful and capable and full of potential. Anyway, it was a really cool moment for me and a great
April 5th to 15th, Balmain Easter Fair
Steve Jobs Garage, 2066 Crist Drive, Los Altos, CA
Slight pause before I hear more, “Who says you have to do it all? And why do you have to do it alone?”
Great beer from a PA brewery.
But I wander in the places,
Despite Barcelona’s 4-1 win over Malaga, Jose Mourinho’s men hold a seven-point lead with two games to go.
I may not always love you
7. What college/university are you hoping to attend?
As Baaklini puts it,
21. crowd
It has triggered urgent talks this week at the Ministry of Justice where it is believed that Steve Wagstaffe, the director of public sector prisons, refused to overturn the decision.
(not to mention HEAVY) so it sits up on the top
Dustin scrambled down from his perch on the bleacher row just ahead of where Jordan and Jess sat. “Hope you’ve got a condom,” he said. “You’re so getting laid tonight.”
Stick together in your neighborhood groups. If you don’t have one, create one. There are like-minded people all around you. Continue to educate yourselves in the classics of great literature, and great thinkers. We are busy people. We do not believe that government can fix our problems, and we want to focus on our families, our businesses, and our lives. But make no mistake, if we do not stay focused in this critical time of alignment, our families that matter so much to us, will no longer be free.
In an exclusive interview with TheWrap, Julia-Levy claimed that his privately-financed documentary, which begins production this week in Mexico, will drop a series of bombshells that look to the future and draw connections between the Mayans and extra-terrestrials.
I hear His voice more now. We talk more frequently. I have more discernment and awareness of God, myself and others. I feel more pain and I am more alive. I am challenged to communicate my heart and fears and to talk about the gray in-betweens in relationship. It’s scary. But within the context of trusting relationship, it’s beautiful and intimate. I’m just touching the edge of communication and mutuality with God and others, but there’s something here I will explore for the rest of my life. Thank you, Japan, for giving so much to me.
A few weeks ago, I participated in a group break over at Cardboard Connections (you didn't think I only hosted group breaks did you)?! Anyhow, I chose the Reds (of course) and ended up with a small pile...but since there were four Barry Larkin cards in the group break, I'm still happy with it!
12. What is your favorite place to go?
Release Date: September 23rd , 2008
Source: The Times of India
At the end of the planning time we get to see the first rough draft of a few of the skit days (what's done in the opening of club)...see below.
Though the food was invariably notably inferior to that on offer at both the Posh Pub and in some cases the Bog Standard Pub,they were unfailingly,consistently mobbed.
Tea-break over and the the battle resumes.
Add in quinoa and bring back to a boil. Once it is boiling place a cover over the sauce pan and reduce heat. Cook the quinoa for about 15 minutes or until it is tender.
Have melted long and lost their hold.
"If I had NOT been in jail, I would have been with you."
Way to go, Obama. Disappointment after disappointment after disappointment. I hate being right.
I don’t really have an answer. I’ve heard it said that the atmosphere of French cinema is one of a sort of lazy, baked-in misogyny. But I don’t know if that’s accurate or furthermore if it applies to the directors and time presented in these movies. I do know that outside of this, these movies have some of my favorite actresses of all time doing some of the greatest roles in all of film, so I’d hesitate to lambaste the whole thing as a bunch of dimwitted male interpretations of the emerging concepts of feminism. But at the same time, I think casually saying it’s all fine and okay is also weird.
You are going to do it one day aren’t you? Why deprive charities that are so cash-strapped of a donation that costs you nothing at all?
2 colors or prints of fabric
It truly was a wonderful Mother's Day. I didn't spend a majority of it with my kids, but I spent a good portion of Friday and most of Saturday with them.
Jack says, “well, I have one in mind,
serves 3 to 4 as a one dish meal
10. King Con Man
I hope everyone had a fantastical NEW YEARS EVE and has a fabulous upcoming NEW YEAR! George's AWESOME blogs will continue in a few days. I'm currently on vacation.
So if you see him, love on him a little ;). Who are they to decide what is cool anyway????
6 mini marshmallow or 1 tbsp cool whip
It’s real bad news for cattle producers and those of us who maintain that we didn’t climb to the top of the food chain to eat broccoli.
Ok so let’s get down to it.
Nich received the top two of these books below, from me.
We also worked on saying it while marching, while hopping on one foot, while clapping, while spinning around and around, etc. That was especially helpful as we worked on learning the reference (which isn't required until their second year). Here he is saying it on his bed.
I had a song in my head the other day so like any good computer lover who didnt have the song readily available, I youtubed it. I didnt know who sang it, so I just clicked on a link that looked right and ended up with a cover that sang the song as a duet. I'd initially been thinking of it because reading the lyrics had me waxing poetic about Peter (and the fact that we are coming upon 14 years- where has that time gone????)
animal fiber.
Now – The delay of Isaac’s birth was intended both to necessitate and to nurture the faith of Abraham and Sarah. God was not trying to torture and frustrate Abraham and Sarah. If God delays a miracle in any way, it only means He wants to develop our spiritual walk. God was not only providing a son, he was creating a “Father of many nations.” Creating a son was easy. Developing a Father of Nations was the difficult part.
Thanks to either my legendary puppy eyes, or my giant karma account I got to see records without any ID or vetting of any kind… and proceeded to my search.
and my cloak was just as heavy on my back
Real finish their championship-winning campaign at the Bernabeu next weekend against Mallorca needing a win to set a new Liga record of 100 points in a single season, while Granada visit Madrid to face Rayo Vallecano in a direct scrap for survival.
Annabelle and Daisy’s venture into t-ball was, all in all, a lot of fun.
However I believe that Eddy also has some meetings in Keswick with former United Utilities employees who will give him a briefing on procedures at the dams and on the responsibilities and consequences of opening the sluice gates.
#3 Winning Moves
Last night we heard Thomas Schreiner for the plenary session, today after lunch it is Frank Theilman, and tomorrow morning we get N. T. Wright and a panel discussion. I plan to make a few comments about each plenary session.
Much love and respect all.
7/9 Clarity
Stretch marks? No
Finally, I applied the dolphin trainer’s simple teaching to the living of life. What if our thoughts about ourselves (as well as others) were trained into 100% Positive Expectation? What if we didn’t look at what we did ‘wrong’ but instead said to ourselves ‘come this way, come this way, that’s it!’
‘I really didn’t mean to frighten you.’ I ventured a smile. ‘My son isn’t very well and I’m just -’
Apparently "supergraphics" were a thing in 1971. And, apparently, men didn't know anything about them. In case you are not privy to the art and beauty of supergraphics, this ad for Lucite Wall Paint in Better Homes and Gardens explains:
Later in the week, I think Thursday I looked at the wedding budget again and saw that we still needed about +R6000. At the same thime I realsied that the money I was planning to save from my April Salary would actually be needed in our May budget as a married couple! I felt for the first time that I could ask God for the finances and almost test Him. I had never asked before because I felt that I couldn’t rely on Him for finances. I have always had to work and save for everything, things don’t just fall in my lap! I prayed a simple prayer on the way home and ask God for the remaining funds needed for our wedding budget! And then left it at that. Yesterday we were handed an envelope at church, when we got home and opened it I told my mom and Stefan about the prayer that I had prayed and what I was trusting God for! We counted the money and it amounted to R5000! I was so overwhelmed! We are trusting that this amount will cover all the final payments necessary as He doesn’t make calculations mistakes! If He says He will provide then He does! There might even be change! I couldn’t contain my tears of joy and excitment and amazement that the God of the universe orchistrated funds for our wedding! How amazing to know that He blesses our marriage and even provides for it!
What we had that night with Ajay, was a recent Especially Selected and one from ten years ago. You can notice the difference in the band between the old one on the left and the new cigar on the right hand side of the picture
POP – all the helium escaped from a big gaping hole and I plummeted to the ground.
The last of Claypool’s resolve bled dry; with a trembling hand, he slowly reached up and humbly plucked a straw from Emerson’s hand.
The prize is a free voucher from Rudi's Bakery and a lunch box.
I pressed the button to lower my window and handed him a five dollar bill. He took the money and said something to me, but I couldn’t hear him over the traffic sounds. He smiled though, and put the five in his front pants pocket. I looked up to see if the light was green and saw a city policemen walking toward the old man. I pointed out my window at the officer so the older man wouldn’t be surprised. I rolled up my window and started to pull away, the light had turned green.
Emerson nonchalantly shrugged. “Don’t mean shit to me, Captain. Let’s just get this over with.”
would you like a taste baby
The lies he kept, he kept it all from me
#165 Adrian Beltre (Dodgers)
Despite all technology has brought.
For two years, Ian bugged us about coming back out for a visit. Keith and I finally managed to go in 2008 for another long weekend. The first thing Ian said to us was "where's your kids?", at which point I laughed, because this was the first break I'd had since the last time we out in CA.
tortilla
McGrew does not have a criminal record in South Carolina, according to the State Law Enforcement Division.
your old Wolf and your many fans worldwide
Sometimes we crave for past times because it calms us down. Studies have discovered that people who squeeze a day at the spa on their busy weekly schedule are more likely to have lower blood pressure than those who do not seek their guilty pleasures. Caffeine helps prevent the onset of skin cancer by preventing DNA breakdown.
-Murphy
Here’s the original that was black and grey without any movement. I wanted to practice animating a bitmap using Flash 5. The process involved thinking of each object as a layer. I had to ask myself several questions about what I wanted to accomplish. Did I want the image of the book to change size and color? What type of movement did I want to occur? As I went throughout the tutorials I made note of the instructors presentation style. I noted whether there were assumptions made about the student’s (me) level of knowledge or previous experience. I believe at times there were little things that weren’t illustrated in the video that may have been a blur to me but obvious to others. Those little things i.e. where to click to deactivate a selection drove me crazy. My frustration in some areas lead to a to the following conclusion. I may not be able to cover every item in an instructional video. This hold true for all teaching whether on line or in person. I can however provide a method that would allow students to use the experiences of others and tip sheets that to accompany my lessons.
We will be meeting Tuesday, September 9 @ 6:30 pm.
Leave a comment on this post letting me know which dress you like best. Here’s the link to their DRESSES.
Aidan Coleman
He presumed from this statement that the first print run would therefore consist of 500 copies of his book.
Step fully into your power and realize that as you hold the vibrations of this awareness you offer it to all those that you encounter each moment of your day. You actually trigger others to remember who they are and you trigger their realization of their multidimensional genius. You are supporting the true evolution of consciousness within others. See them as beings of light like yourself. Imagine sending them a thought of peace and well-being. Consciously practice your telepathy. Trust us, you are using your telepathy at all times, you are just unconscious to the fact. However as the veil between the dimensions becomes more transparent, as you accept your partnership with your multidimensional self, you will realize how much you actually impact others and your world.
2 socks that match orphans in my older daughter’s drawers
great question. First baby boy (Little E).. the nurse picked his name. Ha, true story. We couldn’t agree on a name and every time a nurse would come in to check on us once he was born, they would ask if he has a name yet and we would say no. Finally the nurse said, how about “this name or this name” once she said his name, it was like yep, we like it. Haha. Second baby boy, baby G, husband really was set on a three letter name (since his name is three letters) but I did not like the name he wanted.. typical ;) haha. So I just added a few more letters to the three letter name he wanted so he can call him the name he wants still, but I can call him by his full name. Win for each, I guess you could say.
They ought to be used to it!
Starting Saturday, motorists driving within the city limits must use a hands-free device if they want to talk on their phones, though officers will be accommodating at first, Police Chief Kurt Heuer said.
First, you need to mix up the dry rub. The recipe for the rub is way more than you'll need, so have a good airtight container ready to store the rest for future use. My recipe is based on Hugh's Dry Rub Recipe, with minimal additions or substitutions. Here's mine:
I picked up these crates from Michaels at $13/ea...
One of the strangest experiences for any person living abroad must be visiting the doctor's office in his or her new country. Anyone who knows me knows that I have an irrational fear of doctors and will only visit one if I'm on my death bed. Thus, I have never done anything more than the required residency doctor visit (which takes place at a hospital). Until this week that is.
Last weekend would have been his 60th birthday. He died way too early, in 2001.
This capacity for self-delusion is seen in the U.S. State Department’s assertion that the war on terror is over as it shifts its attention to Asia. This is the same administration that renamed the war on terror an “overseas contingency operation.”
Lesson 1 focused on your story, lesson 2 dealt with what you believe.
Anyway, they said they would continue to look at the fault (in case it was anything else) and would also check with Audi whether the instrument cluster had been replaced by a previous owner (I was told that there new computer system didn't have any historical records so all the previous details about this car were lost - like the fact that a few months earlier the cambelt had been replaced by them!). I said that was fine but that they should bear in mind that I wouldn't be happy paying £900, I believe it should be free for a known fault, and that I was having surgery the following week so would not be contactable nor in a state to approve any expensive work.
Another Studio J "scrap-lift" from my Washington vacation. I didn't have the My Stickease for the Grace papers, so I stamped a few images instead using one of the first stamp sets I purchased from CTMH, All My Love. It may be old, but it still works great! Looking at the layout now, I think I need to add some faux stitching around the edges. It's a little plain as is. What do you think?
I thought to myself, “Why in the world would you compromise your core beliefs just to convert to a religion you absolutely 100% do not believe in?” The thing is, I’m just not that kind of person; even in the tough times, I remain true to my core beliefs and do not go against them. I couldn’t even if I tried!
Well time to go---will write more this week.
And the souvenir (I forgotten what’s is called :P)
By Tricia Baehr
How many kits do I need?
There is no set price for the boxes, which are located around Edinburgh.
PETALING JAYA: It is essential for Malaysia to develop its creative industries to build more global brands, Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak said yesterday.
Beyond our desires, beyond our limits–
Although Circus Aotearoa isn't quite in the same stratosphere, it was still a great trip out for us all including Nana and Poppa who were down for the weekend.
The ball was this past weekend. And I'm angry. I'm angry that I didn't get to be there, with him...like I'd planned for such a long time. It was something I'd looked forward to all of deployment. Dressing up, and feeling beautiful. Celebrating my huband being home. Being in the company of such brave men, and amazing wives.
The family gathered quickly at the news of the lady’s death. They grieved and cried as they tried to discover what had happened. She was not sick, nor old, but the family knew of something else. She had gone to the village witchdoctor many times and when the witchdoctor professed Christ, the demons were expelled. They believed that the demons, in revenge, killed this lady.
Actually, the mobile version offers all the features that the "desktop" version has, such as blog, image galleries, contact and RSS. The interface is quite self-explanatory, give it a try if you have an IPhone/iTouch!
I don’t think the nations in South America and Central America necessarily want us to come down there and dictate which government they should have. And yet, I believe with friendship and trade, you can have a lot of influence, and I strongly believe that it’s time we have friendship and trade with Cuba.
One may have logged onto the website to pray for outstanding prayer requests. Lord, thank You for answering each prayer request according to Your perfect will, in Jesus’ name. Amen.
Next month I'll do better.
into the milk and swirl it around with a toothpick.
9. This is what I want for Christmas - cooking classes at Caveau! $95 includes a cooking class to learn how to prepare three different courses which you get to eat at the end!
Random observations from the game:
Relationships 101 – Brutalized by a Spouse, Surviving Ritual Child Sex Abuse
Then one amazing thing happened. I grabbed a Waterman with some Sailor Black ink and BAM! This paper held up to my heavy handed inky doodles. Like…really held up. No idea this paper would be this good. It does not bleed. At all. I can’t believe the versatility.
Because she limited herself to crossword puzzles, that gave me reason to explore alternate-type puzzles that remained unsolved in some of her books. She had no clue that any of this would have such an effect on my life. Neither did I.
Mitt Romney Takes Credit for Auto Bailout He Opposed “The Man Who Saved The Auto Industry” “Ryan Budget May Cut Economic Data” Obama Anti-Business? Record Corporate Profits Suggest Otherwise BREAKING NEWS: Obama is for Same-Sex Marriage Same-Sex Marriage: Ain’t It the Truth! BARACK OBAMA MAKES CONTRAST WITH MITT ROMNEY ON GAY CIVIL RIGHTS ABC NEWS: OBAMA VIDEO ON GAY MARRIAGE North Carolina: Our President Is a Great Man Who Might Energize Your State! America was established to be a nation of equal rights. Equal Rights for ALL is the order of the day! How could one vote for a candidate for President who would discriminate against minority Americans in the 21st Century?
And so I will choose for life a non negotiable of staying in a city, with my sirens and street parking and $400,000 for a one bedroom??? And let's not forget traffic and is it legal for corner stores to mark up Laughing Cow/Yellow Tail/Playtex by 50%?
One of the foundations of my personal spiritual belief is that we are all One. What that means is that we were all made by the same Creator; we share the same DNA; we are all the stuff of star-dust. Civil societies must operate in a cooperative collective, or they don’t survive. To be healthy, they cannot function with an “us” and “them” mentality. Last week I got to see that I too cherish my opinions. I judged the heck out of the woman who messaged me privately and I didn’t like the way it felt in my nervous system. I felt proud of the way the public conversation went, and recognized that the discourse would be good modeling for some of our leaders who are at each others throats because of their precious opinions.
“University Philippines Diliman may not be at par with NUS, but because we can speak English and think better than your university graduates (plus we only get meager salaries from multinationals….), they chose to hire us.”
(Note: For more information on the 12Gbps SAS interface, see the Denali Memory Report blog post from last month: “Cadence adds 12Gbps SAS and NVM Express verification IP to its VIP catalog”)
So what made Aaron and his sons good enough for God? It was not the symbol, but the reality in Christ. The bull by itself meant nothing to God. As God said in Isaiah 1:11, “I have no pleasure in the blood of bulls and lambs and goats.” Aaron and his sons were good enough for God only because connected them to Christ, the sacrifice God would make to take their sins away.
Millions are spoken every day?
ThunderCats Magazine – The Details
What do they look like eh! Mark has the red hair Jamie the blonde and I think they were both suffering from the excesses of the night before.
Meanwhile, once I got all of the children in the group started, I stopped ONE of them and asked that child to practice saying the letters on his or her RAN board with me. When that child finished, I went on to the next child and did the same thing, and so on. It’s a method that has worked for me fairly well, year after year. I also send a copy of these RAN boards home with each child so that they can work on them at home, and I update them regularly as well.
The answer: she doesn’t have to. (what did big dresses and jilbabs have to do with this, anyway?)
1) Outward appearance - right conversation,
was young and full of the first joy of life and action, and I think I got some of it into my pages. When I wrote the last line, I remember that I cried: 'Well, I'll never beat that' and threw the inky pen at the opposite wall." “
BubTar started tennis lessons this month. The school district offers a program where elementary kids go to the local high schools and learn a little tennis from the coaches and students, probably with the hope they will want to join the program when they get to high school. Oliver! was at this campus and BubTar's student instructor was in the play with him AND remembered him. He loved that. He isn't a very sporty kid, but so far, he likes tennis.
keeping everything very neutral and serene.
Be different from the world. Thank God for what you go through. Out of your mess will come a message to bless others.
Remember when Ibbitson wrote this about Harper and others in relation to electoral fraud in the last federal election?
How stupid is it not to use coal when the U.S. is the Saudi Arabia of coal?
DATE: Friday, June 22, 2012
And in this Trinity none is afore, or after other: none is greater, or less than another;
If it was just me, that would be fine, but I had a whole squad I was leading. I led 7 other people off the right path. A drill sergeant found us on the edge of the woods we were training and asked us if we knew what we were doing. She asked who was in charge and I reluctantly admitted it had been my turn. She took the compass and map from me and handed it over to another private. She looked at the rest of my squad and clearly said, “Never let Blair lead you with the compass again. If she is put in charge, help her fake it, otherwise you will all get lost again. Blair, always make sure you are with someone who knows how to read a compass.” Luckily this was just training, and luckily there were members of our squad who knew what to do to get us back on the right path and lead us to the next destination. (Later I found out that I was one of the worst privates to try to use a compass. I understood the concept on paper; I just couldn’t apply it.)
As for “everyday” use of light — Mother, let’s say love here. In your world love is boundless, yet that isn’t recognized even though the word is so commonly used that you could say it’s abused, like “I love artichokes” or “I love that song.” So first I’m going to say what love is not.
I certainly laughed during this film, I wouldn’t recommend not watching it, but I wouldn’t go out of my way to do so. Watch it on a movie night with your family, it will be worth the laugh.
The two congressmen also warned that such an action could turn into a back-door bailout for banks holding second liens on enterprise-owned or guaranteed properties.
Fresh coconut grates - 1/4 cup
Creating a beautiful birthday cake and helping make birthday dinner.
a good movie on rainy days with the kids
The risk of having an IQ lower than 70, the official demarcation for being classified as "retarded," increases by an astonishing 400 percentamong children of cousin marriages. (Similar effects were seen in the Pharaonic dynasties in ancient Egypt and in the British royal family, where inbreeding was the norm for a significant period of time.)
I am of course lying.
This made the grain of the wood pop through and gave the bunny
I will post pictures of some of the lovely creations later on after I have given them, don't you worry...and I will even include a tutorial!
A deep, low chuckle escaped Christian’s lips. He began kissing her with renewed passion, both of them glad to finally be back in each others arms. Nipping at her neck as he made love to her, Christian’s fangs didn’t pierce her skin. His nips were teasing, her fingers digging into the skin on his back as she tried to push his face closer to her neck so he would bite her.
salt & pepper to taste
no matter how often I stumble,
There was all that ghastly nonsense with babies, too. They were expected to come forth with the regularity of a harvest, the fruits of plantings provoked more by a father’s pleasure than a mother’s desire to continue her beloved miscreant’s line. Horrible, horrible, Mary-Emma thought as she imagined great globes of muslin-swathed bellies emptying their contents into the world amid a violent stew of noise and mess. No, no man would do that to her. She was not to be used in that fashion. She was not to be used at all.
Thank You for joining me for Tea Time Tuesday
Well, it could, you think to yourself, if your best friends from home were here too. You wonder what they’re up to right now. Dad would have found the building really interesting and Mum, well Mum would have definitely laughed when she heard what your crazy neighbour said this morning about… oh, what was it? You don’t even remember anymore, it was hilarious at the time though, just like when you all took that family trip to…
Pas de parents: Parents are not expected to stay, nor are you invited to. You arrive at the designated hour -- invariably at the child's home -- and drop off your little one. This is true whether you "know" the parents or not. You might exchange brief pleasantries with the parents whose names you may (or more likely may not) know. "La maman de Cole" or Luc or Pierre, usually suffices. (More on that later)
Next time I make it I’m going to try to get a lemon cheesecake flavor so I’m going to do less vanilla and more lemon juice. The original recipe had twice as much agave so if you like it extra sweet try that. You can also smash strawberries on top instead of raspberries (which I’ve also tried and is very yummy). You can add a little cocoa powder in to give a chocolate taste. It’s a very adaptable recipe!
I missed several beats. But I’m going on.
There have been so many mysteries to study and to ponder: UFOs; the Kennedy assassinations; mysterious places such as the pyramids and Stonehenge; ancient, lost, and forgotten civilizations; the origins of mythology; historical truth; the war on gold; alchemy; who our true leaders are.
How are we renewed? The Holy Ghost does us so. He is the one who applies the shed blood of Jesus Christ to our account by His baptism.
*** This giveaway is open for all, so yes, even international followers/ subscribers.
I always like making up my own recipes and messing with the rules of a style. It makes life interesting, and I've made many a fine beer, this way. Yum, yum...can't wait!
From the mean and the variance values, the normal and severe cluster cannot be distinguished from each other while the mild cluster value slightly overlaps with the two (Fig 3).
I'm dying to know...has anyone used these? Are they really as easy as they sound? If so, this is a strong contender for personalizing Knox's playroom...I just need to pick one! I'm really loving the koi fish above, this awesome castle graphic and these balloons which you can customize the color of.
When presented with a question of what art is, neo-soul recording artist D’Angelo once implied that all we know about art is contained in those three words. He saw ‘art’ as the bridge that allowed the ordinary – ‘thou’ – to connect with the Divine – ‘God’. In framing his response as such, then, D’Angelo suggests that all the pursuit of art really is, is our eternal struggle to mimic that which we envision as existing on a higher plane of existence than we.
But the most accurate way to find out is by using a utility like Geekbench that will indicate whether it’s the iPad 2,4, Shimpi said.
Paper - brown, pink
The rain dance hasn’t worked so far, still no rain. So, I dumped the end of a bag of potato chips out on my balcony for the birds, that usually brings the rain.
Once upon a time, I used
What are examples of countries or city tourism offices using social media to answer questions?
'A violet in the youth of primy Nature
“Now more than ever, as the role of memory in our culture erodes at a faster pace than ever before, we need to cultivate our ability to remember. Our memories make us who we are.”
The Four String Quartets
Iris, for what it is worth, seems to have genuine gratitude to be here. This cat seriously will stand up on her hind legs to hug me. It's violently cute.
Now, you could certainly say I’m biased towards males. I try not to be; but even if I am, who isn’t biased towards his own gender? And for that matter, who isn’t biased? No one, that’s who.
So as most of you know, my daughter Emily is my preemie. She is still on the small side even at almost two years of age. Her upper half is right with a child her age. It is just her legs and waist that are behind. She has just recently started walking and she does talk but not in the way that most children her age do. I do work with her several times a day to try and get her to talk more. It is a slow process. Here is a list of words that she can say right now: here, thank you, yeah, kk(katelynn), mary, mommy, daddy, stop, just, be, nice, and McDonald. It is really cute to hear her say McDonald cause she says it in a sing song type of voice.
However the Minutes of that meeting are preserved for posterity in the University Archives at Mona. Some of the names of the persons present – the “Founding Fathers” of the University are immortalized in present day “Uwee” such as in Sherlock Hall, Cave Hill, the Philip Sherlock Centre Mona, (named after Sir Philip Sherlock, later Vice Chancellor); Irvine Hall, Mona, (named after Sir James Irvine, Chairman of the Committee which recommended the establishment of the University); Taylor Hall, Mona, (named after Sir Thomas Taylor the first Principal and the chair of the Provisional Council).
Some feel like its a waste of time, others think it is good practice.
There have been threats written on the bathroom walls at several of the schools around the suburbs. Although I'm 99% sure these threats were written by some punk who thinks he's really funny, I wasn't willing to chance my kids' lives on that 1% chance the threats were serious. Sooo, I kept my oldest kids home from school today. Savannah went shopping with friends and enjoyed her morning. Austin made the little ones breakfast while I took the middle ones to school. Then he put a movie on for the kids to watch while I read mail, did some laundry, and washed dishes. When the movie was done, Austin got out the vacuum and went to town cleaning the family room floor. I didn't even have to ask him to do it!
Some, however, are thrilled beyond imagining, having themselves long suspected that they might have encountered this very project – a room at the Tokyo airport, or deep inside an outer London convention center – but they had simply filed it away as faulty memories.
This brings to mind the work of Carsten Höller, implying a project someday in which the Turbine Hall in London's Tate Modern could be transformed into the world's largest artificial cave system, or perhaps even a future speleo-superpark in a place like Dubai, where literally acres of tunnels sprawl across the landscape, inside and outside, aboveground and below ground, in unpredictably claustrophobic rearrangeable prefab whorls.
17If I kept my food for myself, and did not give some of it to the child with no father;
Vickie Guerrero lays a big fat kiss on Matt Striker. She said if HHH loses tonight, she wants to be the new COO.
The video below shows the results... but first I would like to offer some thoughts.
Bandung’s topography, with its surrounding volcanic mountain range, inspired the response to sculpt the urban ground plane into a landform of ‘cliffs’ and ‘valleys’, and a central atrium riverbed around which the hotel public spaces are organised. The landscaped ground plane is folded into a massive stone canyon wall facing the lobby, its carved texture inspired by a geometric Javanese batik pattern. As it extends upwards, it wraps up to the reception, ballroom, business center and spa and culminates in the rooftop leisure retreat. The dramatic unfolding of spaces throughout the architecture, landscape and interior design offers a holistic multisensory experience imbued with the spirit of Bandung.
Getting a job in France is no simple task, even if you have a work visa. For expats it means finding someone willing to overlook your French language flaws, cultural faux-pas, and most importantly, the fact that you aren't French, and trust that despite all these 'drawbacks', you just might be competent one day (after months of their condescending tutelage).
3) The ANC was seen as one of the factions in the fratricidal war on Inkatha. Whether this war was encouraged by the Apartheid regime or not, the fact is that the West saw horrible black-on-black violence. Internal warfare is, as everyone knows, terrible publicity for a liberation movement. "If they can't help fighting each other, how could they run a country?"
One thing I know was that Mary needed to hear someone say that it's ok not to forgive and that forgiveness isn't something you just choose and move on.
PERFECTIONISM makes us ‘not fun to be with’ because we give little encouragement for improvements or positive steps made by others;”
Pa got up and went to work.
Application Process: The employer must fill out and sign the labor certification form (Form ETA 9089) and submit it in duplicate to USCIS along with the I-140 and all supporting documentation. Whether the foreign national should apply for EB-2 or EB-3 will depend on the foreign national’s qualifications and other considerations such as visa availability.
The Justin Bieber video has only 32% likes, however, and the Kony video has 94% likes, but adding comments is disabled on the latter video.
So, don’t be a loner. Be in a great team and learn to share and help.
However, eInk does have its benefits. I’ll admit that I ran out and got the Kobo last December fearing that the technology may actually disappear very soon, as eReader brands transition to LCD-screen tablets. What I love about eInk is that it does not have the glare of an LCD screen at all. I work in front of a computer for 8 hours a day, so I’m happy to pull up a light, 6-inch-screen eReader when I want to read a book in the evening. Because it has no fancy software to run, it also has a really long battery life. It feels closer to reading a book than browsing a website, which is comforting and great for reading books, but terrible for reading newspapers or magazines. Magazines usually have either great pictures or charts, etc, which lose their appealing glossy looks in an eReader. Because of the small size of most e-Readers, you have to read one newspaper article at a time, turn pages a lot and you can’t see what’s around it, the way you would in either a real paper or a newspaper website.
Why shouldn’t we be told humans produce a small fraction of the CO2 that goes into the atmosphere each year, compared with volcanoes, bacteria, animals, rotting vegetation and the oceans?
Are you familiar with the Hero-gram? It often becomes popular around the time of big events like the Olympics, the World Cup and the Aryan Purity Games and allows young whipper-snappers to send messages of support to their sporting heroes. My concept takes that idea and turns it around and shakes it vigorously and kills a dog and makes it better than the original concept. I call it Zero-grams. It gives people a chance to send messages not to heroes, but to losers and nobodies and foreigners. So, for instance, if you’re cut off in traffic by an Asian woman, instead of getting angry, you just open up the Zero-gram app on your phone (while you’re still driving, if you like – this isn’t Communist Russia, after all) type in your message – “You add no value to society apart from insurance premiums” for instance – and then using a series of algorithms and Google privacy short-cuts and maybe some magic or something (I haven’t really got to the ins and outs yet), the app sends that message to your target in the form of a text message.
I’m beginning to get that same sort of feeling about this whole self publishing world a lot of writers, myself included, have been occupying. Now, I’m only about 16 months into this self publishing thing, but it’s already getting quite tiresome.
I have pictures for you and stories, and recipes, but they will have to wait. Send healing thoughts my way. I need this toe to get better in five days or else they'll have to escort me to the departure gate.
Tile installation: $477
Allegra, you are our little superstar and we love you beyond words!
HE WILL REMOVE UNGODLINESS FROM JACOB.” “THIS IS MY COVENANT WITH THEM,
Entries should be submitted as typed Microsoft word or PDF documents. There should be a title page with the following information:
for the colour to retain it's title as grey, because these will all produce cool tones.
Kill him instead,
With mixer still running, add 1 cup liquid. Increase speed to medium-high and beat until light and fluffy, about 45 seconds. With mixer still running, add remaining 1 cup liquid in steady stream (this should take about 15 seconds). Stop mixer and scrape down bowl with rubber spatula, then beat at medium-high speed to combine, about 15 seconds. (Batter will be thick.).
That being said, the fact that people were actually working on a Saturday probably means that they hope to welcome diners soon.
I really like simple cookie recipes - if a recipe is more involved it has to be worth it and these weren't. I'd rather spend the time making a real Tiramisu.
But, once a year, Burlington would pull the stick out of its collective ass and throw a party.
'That's all vaa-ry well, sir,' retorted the malcontent; 'but trade is trade. Look here; if a cove--'
I had a quick taste of it for which I had to put down my Mexican Logger. Let me tell you, there's a difference on your palette between a 4.2 percent ABV beer and an 8.7 percent ABV beer. The Pils was hot!
Today, though, she was less obvious about it. She’d been quiet since Haywire showed up. She paid more attention outside of the base than inside. She sat there, looking over her shoulder, watching the sparks fly up from the dying battle a few hundred yards away.
To make the sauce combine the yogurt, tahini, lemon juice, salt and garlic, combining with a whisk or a fork.
Enjoy discussing what your preschooler learned today. Share your own ideas only after he or she has shared his or her.
But maybe something eternal could. Maybe it’s an eternal thing that we lose and need.
By following a few simple guidelines, I am better able to "balance the home in homeschool" and ensure that the freedoms afforded while homeschooling will lead to giving what is best to my children. And doesn't every parent want what is best for their child?
All 36 colours are available (as well as the clear embossing ink) - so rush in quick to get them at this great price!
Anyway, as a self-protective measure, I figured I should go remove my previous blog’s blog posts. Partly is to let go of that blog, and focus on this one, another… well, I’ll just remain silent about it.
Now then, if we put our scientific hats on, we can easily see how different animals on earth have taken on specialized bodies that allow them to exist in different environments. Fish live in water, birds live in the air and other animals live on land. This organic pattern also holds true for life in the spiritual world, which the human race has special access to after death. The spiritual bodies we have created during our lives, and which are formed by our souls, have become suited to living in various spiritual environments outside of time and space, according to our ruling love and its derivative passions.
Close: Wednesday
I grew up in a home on a hill with a little house in the backyard. Many hours of play were spent in this little yellow house, which was once (long ago) a chicken coop- to our childish delight!
While interrogating “Tommy Hansen,” he began to sing a song from Cabaret and then self-terminated.
31. The first American film to show a toilet flushing on screen was Psycho.
The night version... slightly richer and I wear this over the Vital Light Serum. A delicious texture that doesn't feel too greasy or make the eyes puffy... An all round winner for me... Thank you Tish...
Source: UCB Department of Nuclear Engineering
You and I know
Perhaps you recall that at Occidental College – coincident with his grand political plan to fulfill Malcolm’s Dreams – “Barack Obama” insisted that “Barry” be ditched for Barack? A brilliant strategic move indeed. Barry sounds far too close to Bâri′. What if somebody, anybody, from his past, or from the present, or worst of all, in the future, caught on?
(Revelation 22:8-9), and many others. Some of the angels described in the Bible
They are all decked out in "get wet" gear.
Or you are a beautiful song?
08/10/2010 SELL 0.01 xauusd 1203.05 08/11/2010 1200.04 +3.01
The falafel I'm sharing with you today are made using chickpeas and stays crunchy for long time. Enjoy it!
Speaking of the romance, OH MY OH MY OH MY OH MY. Clare pulled my heart in, like, ten trillion and two different directions. My mental tug-of-war went a little something like this:
WITH the Confederations Cup in full swing, South Africa risks coming up short both on and off the pitch.
New Holland's The Poet (Oatmeal Stout)
She credits her education in personal training with giving her the wherewithal to surmount such a daunting set of challenges. “If I hadn’t continued my cardio, resistance, and flexibility training throughout my second pregnancy, then I would not have had the energy or motivation to juggle it all! But I was able to complete all the required reading and studying and complete the exam to send it in two weeks before my second child was born!”
Got that? The anecdote was "useful" and apparently he believes that it would be dishonest to actually tell the truth.
They took them in, shackled their brown hands, threaded out their thick hair, and told them “We will now turn you into soldiers, fighting against hope, warring against life. You have two choices: death or death.” They stared at the hours, then removed their eyes, hanging each upon its nail. Then they waited and waited for the funeral of memory to start. They set the light on fire and recited myths, fairytales, and stories about their fathers, their stupid fathers, who were once heroes and are now nothing but cowards.
9. "Everything Will Be Alright"
a slim fellow who carried steel with my boys,
Key Lesson: Jesus respects honesty in people – even if they challenge Him
sparrows on a
See, on holidays and even on weekend getaways, I like to do things. Things like bushwalking, exploring, swimming, eating and drinking. Most of these things are best enjoyed in a sundress.
But there is a greater and more immediate danger: Even if Spain and Italy are fundamentally sound, there may not be two years to find out. The level of Greek interest rates shows that markets believe that Greece will default very soon. And even before that default occurs, interest rates on Spanish or Italian debt could rise sharply, putting these countries on a financially impossible path. The eurozone’s politicians may learn the hard way that trying to fool markets is a dangerous strategy.
Sure, there’s been a lot of school work, but we’ve all had bits of free time in between. If we spent a bit of time now and then on this project, we could have had a chapter out by now!
Los Angeles Daily News
The toy guitars sold very well, and it didn’t take long before the makers of traditional insturments took notice. They started making kids guitars themselves. These were of a much higher quality than toy guitars, but they were also less expensive than their full-sized adult counterparts. While not all parents could afford them, it did allow real guitars to get into the hands of more kids than before.
A button cover kit, decorators needle and upholstery thread. It was around $13 (after a coupon) for these.
Mango cheesecake, pavlova cheesecake, tiramisu, raspberry cheesecake, pavlova with mango and cherries and plum pudding…
I was 20. I'd not long split up with someone and I was feeling fairly sorry for myself, unattractive, unloved, slightly unhinged.
I feel so super tired and lazy today. I’m a bit worried that I’ll give in to my laziness once I get home and skip out on my workout today. I have to get motivated and stay on track….leave work, get home, let dogs out, dress for workout, get my water, hit play. “Nobody regrets working out. They just regret NOT working out”.
The Upsetters - Bad Luck
Thankfully it is much better this morning and I can actually turn my head and breathe without pain.... AH... nothing like health!
Honestly, i couldn't bear the thinking of letting Gabriel at home. But i pushed myself to do so. Of course we sent him to his grandma. Hubby already planned this on and I don't want to let him down, plus I also want to watch 'The Avengers' movie.. :P
St. Michan’s is of note to us because Sherri’s Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Grandfather, Robert Donnelly was baptized here in the late 1700′s. While we were inside we were able to see the baptismal font that he was baptized in.
Lonsberry is probably best known for his time with the Broad Street Bullies Flyers teams of the mid-'70s. At this point you may be asking, "this is the best pack you opened?". It gets better, trust me...
With today's post, you may be wondering if you've already 'been here.' I assure you, this is not the Twilight Zone! In fact, we are doing a 'Re-Hop' on these fabulous Eyes of Beauty and Dreams Collection for Susana Loves Stamps!!! We just LOVE them so much, we wanted to share them again : D
So, it started with some digging in the ol' stash pile (that is not getting smaller!) where I found a papier mache heart ornament that's been there a while and some scraps of felt from a project three years ago.
So today when I go back into the studio. (After another cup of coffee)
“Oh shit!” So I ate a bit of placenta, and there were no more gushes, and I started to perk right up. Then I remembered the chocolate. “Hey, we have chocolate!”
I've taken a blogging break the past couple weeks. I went back to work this week, only part time, but I really needed to finish up my "maternity leave to do list." Sick, I know! But we had so many things that had to be done during the day and while someone was at the house or stuff that I've been meaning to get to for some time like having our tubs fixed and cleaning out the toys in the basement. I'm also really big about schedules. I have to keep to somewhat of a set schedule, at least during the week when I'm working, or I'll go mad. There is just no way to get everything done unless you do a little bit each day. Obviously since our family has grown, so has our daily "to do list" like extra laundry and dirty dishes and it's also impossible to go shopping with Luke and Brooke, so that has had to change as well.
On the roadsides, the author continues, there were people waving hands with banners and message boards like “Welcome back,” “Thank you,” “Let’s Keep it up, Tohoku,” and “Let’s stay connected.” Passengers in the train waved back, the train operator also replied with a whistle, and the conductors waved hands from open windows!
Stay present in the present
Thank You for your kind comments yesterday!
But how?
Your dark smiling eyes full of contentment and love
- I haven't been offered a new book deal (yet)
She took out her rage on the helpless creature after hearing that her brother had killed hers by kicking an exercise ball in which it was playing last June.
My target is 2 stone, so I’d like to be closer to my target before we do fly out.
But for being an honest person, I’m considered: hateful, a rebel, a troublemaker and a bitch. Or worse of all “too sensitive.”
Lets skip the process (until I have the words to share) and get to the exiting part… those spiral thingies!!
I am not sure what kept me going back to sushi, but there was this inexplicable pull towards it, even though it repulsed me. I think it was my third or forth try, years later in fact, that something just clicked. Suddenly, I loved it. I tasted all the flavours separately, but understood their perfect synergy. The delightful balance of textures made sense. I could finally appreciate the inherent beauty of their design and delicate aesthetic. It was the 'ah-ha' moment in that relationship for sure.
For dinner we prepared red snapper from Timbers Fish Market breaded with Panko crumbs and served with a Baby Green Salad.
“Mirrors have come to mean much more than the original 'looking glass.' They are now a part of the decorative scheme of a modern home. By using them, there are no dark, gloomy corners, no drab caverns for halls. There can be a feeling of freedom, light, air, space.”
When the river calls to me in this way, I want so badly to get in. I want to spend all of the warm and sunny days heeding this call, and the other days watching from the river’s side, listening and learning.
If you can't tell, I'm dumping a ton of beers I've kept notes on into the blog, so I can track what I've had better. Most Rogue beers would deserve a more detailed post, but unfortunately this one doesn't so I don't feel too bad including it in the dump.
There are three main traits that I look for when developing a relationship — credibility, integrity and authenticity.
The reason this golden apple knows so much about music is that she works for MTV, or maybe, she works at MTV because she knows so much about music...
Today was busy, had to drop a deposit in for our new snake, go to the Asian Market, Tesco, the butchers, and we still didn't even get everything done!T^T Buhh.
Have a swell weekend!!
When is the best time to transplant roses? This is one of the most common questions asked by novice gardeners and one of the most popular topics discussed by dedicated Rosarians. There are no right or wrong answers and any experience gardener will have his or her own rules regarding this based on experience.
Italians call Mickey Mouse Topolino.
Inspired by the fact that "caverns have been used as wine cellars, data centres and car parks in Finland and other countries," Hong Kong's Secretary of Development, Carrie Lam, has "called Hong Kong’s rock formations a 'unique geological asset' and urged the city to take caverns into consideration."
Perhaps Faulkner wasn’t chasing after an active ten-month-old at the time, but I do think he is right. Sometimes, I am sitting there playing Draw Something or Scramble with Friends, and I think, “What am I doing?” I know I should be using that energy to write, so I pull out my laptop and try to get something on the page, even if it’s just a few sentences.
06-28 Manchester, England – Manchester Apollo
Of course many interviewees will ask for a list of questions before hand, or you might decide to provide one to help them prepare. Whether or not this is a good idea depends on the situation. For example, if you will be asking technical questions which might need a researched answer, then it helps to give the subject some warning. On the other hand, if you are looking for spontaneous answers then it’s best to wait until the interview.
Absolut Berri Acai - 40%
- Lil Nette
I enjoyed our little visit, as always-
And when they rolled
I suppose it could be worse. She could have spelled it with a K.
I wrote early in the year about my daily art project for 2012: every day I hand-stitch a design onto a four-inch square of solid-color cotton. A third of the way through the year already, and I'm pleased to report that I'm still having fun (the most important thing in a daily project, because it would be grim to have to slog through 240 days of something you don't enjoy, and equally grim to abandon your resolution).
Friday: Reader question about being too matchy.
Tip: Think about using textures, plaid, checks, stripes, argyle, stamped images and sentiments also brads, grommetts, twine, string, burlap, then add the colour - think yellows, oranges, pinks, purples, reds, pastels, and finally add in your neutral. Be creative and have fun!
I don't care much about the themes of your novel. I care if it's enticing.
In the scale of embarrassing place names, Crapstone ranks pretty high. But Britain is full of them. Some are mostly amusing, like Ugley, Essex; East Breast, in western Scotland; North Piddle, in Worcestershire; and Spanker Lane, in Derbyshire.
i don’t like this feeling
They did the whole shoot in her (and Nora's) room, and let me tell you, the room is small. Furniture was moved into the hall and into my office, cribs were moved around, shelves were redecorated, and lights were put up in her room and outside her window. I'm sure the neighbors were wondering what on Earth was going on.
While some people have their imperfections, and when put together still look stunning, mine just make me look imperfect.
As an admittedly rabid fan of Futurama, I have always wanted to do a bit of a tongue-in-cheek piece on the 'Stop-and-Drop' Suicide Booths in the cartoon series. I think we don't treat death with sufficient humour - and the few that do, probably do it more for the ripples of muffled indignant gasps than as a real opener to discourse on the topic.
Bake 15 to 17 minutes or until golden brown.
Columbia University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer.
The thing is, athletes and sportsmen are usually so dedicated to their sport that the rest of their life has been slightly ignored, and if you ban these people from something they’ve spent years of their life training for, what do you leave them with?
Let’s set the stage. The subject: white male or female; protestant; 50+ years old; politically conservative; middle class; regular church attendant. The circumstance: Aaron happens into a conversation with this individual that starts innocently enough but quickly becomes more serious. The topic: the condition of our country. The subject’s conclusion: our country is in terrible condition and needs to go back to how it used to be. The result: Aaron tries to make vaguely general nods of the head or other types of polite acknowledgements without agreeing with his conversational partner and attempts to change the subject.
This is said to be the sublime abiding.
For those who participated, how was your A-Z Challenge experience? Are you planning to do it again next year? If so, have any theme ideas hit you already, if you use themes*?
Well, now that the whole argument is hinged on two facets: that “capital-punishment-is-not-a-deterrent” and that even the “state-does-not-have-the-right-to-take-life-of-a-killer” – the privilege lies with the God solely! – let us overhaul the whole criminal justice system. Let us dismantle the entire judicial infrastructure and demolish the prisons. Let us retire all judges and lawyers and do away with the police. Why waste valuable time and money and efforts on something as wasteful as maintaining the functioning of this interconnected mechanism when the “ultimate outcome” is not going to be achieved?
Walking back over the road to The Trout Fly, feeling quite refreshed, I joined the rest of my friends, who had just got seated for breakfast.
Anyway I’m enjoying wheeling along the beach despite the headwind, lots of sun, lots of boats and then all of a sudden – probably a mile and a half or so down the road one of these little guys trots across the road, over the sidewalk, onto the beach and then scampers into the water!! You’re right, I could not believe that happened right in front of me and I didn’t have a camera!!! Everyone on the beach and the sidewalk was laughing as he scampered past us apparently without a care in the world ; )
The critics say: “If Deschanel’s occasionally off-putting intonation isn’t too much for you, this sweet romp through a warm, largely carefree universe should nestle naturally into your listening rotation.” – Now Toronto
Hope for the best. Prepare for the worst.
*silver brads
What do you do when your "look" is perceived to be a hindrance and closes of access..There are Black and White cases (no pun intended) as in the case of Trayvon Martin ... but what if you could not get served, or were refused entry into a club based on your "look". What if t were your skin color; Your sexuality.
For the time being, at least.
(My email responses may be delayed due to timezone differences.)
‘Yeah.’
I am probably the only person in the world who hasn't seen the tv show. I have heard of it though and knew what it was about. I am one of these sad folk that would rather try out the books first. It may just be the tiredness talking at this point but it annoyed me quite a bit. First of all Dexter doesn't just come across as your cold serial killer. He is supposed to be soulless and dead inside. Instead he comes across as smug and arrogant. There is a very tiny part of him that worries about what his father would have thought. Without that he probably would go ahead and kill everyone. Then there is his sister Deborah who relies so heavily on Dexter to help her. Surely at some point she would have to stand on her two feet? She just doesn't seem to have what it takes to get very far in her chosen career other than ambition. In all honesty she doesn't seem all to bright.
-Liability issues if the child gets into trouble
Imagine someone having spent a lifetime robbing a country blind; or actually having blood on their hands from all the dirty deeds you have done.
DH has signed ex Doncaster Rovers, Charlton Athletic and Newport fullback Paul Robson ahead of the Carshalton Cup cruncher. Paul, 28 adept at left or right back, has played for Crystal Palace Baltimore, a feeder club for the real Crystal Palace FC, who he also spent time at Selhurst Park with and Long Island Rough riders; during a 6 year spell in the USA. He returned to the UK with Newport County this summer but a change of management saw him swept away with the new broom. This spells bad news for any chance of a first outing for Blackburn Rovers Matt Pearson and confirms that Tony Sinclair is likely to be out for a while.
With Skin Color: Farmer
My forum for writing just disappeared when I took early retirement on April 13 – a Friday, no less. So I decided to create my own forum through a blog. I’ll probably cover my life as a retiree and where I’m headed with free-lance writing and photography. And since I love journalism and newspapers – I’ve spent 34 years in the industry – I’ll add my two cents worth when it comes to the direction the industry is taking. The one thing I know now is that I want to continue to receive a newspaper. I like the way it feels and the way it smells. I want to be able to fold it and cut stories out.
Head to heels, your baby now measures about 13 1/2 inches. Her weight — a pound and a half — isn't much more than an average rutabaga, but she's beginning to exchange her long, lean look for some baby fat. As she does, her wrinkled skin will begin to smooth out and she'll start to look more and more like a newborn. She's also growing more hair — and if you could see it, you'd now be able to discern its color and texture.
It’s impossible to find the cd players. You can find a whole square-mile of cds, but nothing to put them in and walk around with. Sure, you can get a big ass state-of-the-art, surround sound, 3000-disc changer equiped, forty-two speaker stereo system, but you can’t find a portable cd player. I finally folded and bought an MP3 player. It’s fine and dandy and can hold every song ever made in the history of music. It has a battery life of twenty three and a half minutes, but that’s a small price to pay to carry the entire world’s music library with you wherever you go.
The first thing you should know is that "Bombay's Republic" is a delightful story, a story that, for me, fit all the requirements for that old cliché: a pleasure to read. I say that because this is not always true of Caine Prize nominees, or, to be honest, nominees for all sorts of literary awards — there can be, with some nominees, a certain sense of ... dutifulness. Stories dutifully written and dutifully read.
5. How tidy are you?
Coming to us from Belgium, Stella Artois is a very typical North and Western European Lager. It has many similarities to Heineken, Becks, Carlsberg etc. I have this feeling that all Lagers that come in a green bottle have the same sort of skunkiness to its taste.
They fight us with Judaism, so we should fight them with Islam. They fight us with the Torah, so we should fight them with the Koran. If they say “the Temple,” we should say “the Al-Aqsa Mosque.” If they say: “We glorify the Sabbath,” we should say: “We glorify the Friday.” This is how it should be. Religion must lead the war. This is the only way we can win.
even before I do.
As much as I advocate for taking back traditionally feminine dressing as an empowering form of sartorial expression, there is something very appealing to me about androgynous clothing and adapting men's wear for women. However, I have a lot of trouble making this Annie Hall-type style work, namely because, well, my body literally gets in the way. As a woman who has trouble even wearing regular button downs without lots of adjustments or massive gapping problems, attempts to make vests or ties work on me usually fall flat (or rather, fail to fall flat).
As always we have yummy prizes for 2 lucky winners who will be chosen at random and announced next Saturday...thanks again to our generous sponsors
Watermelon: Everyone has experienced the stuffed feeling that comes from this colorful fruit. The water invades the space that your stomach leaves open for food, thus making you less likely to pig out. Apples and pears produce a similar result, too.
totally different way of looking at it!"
And our fondest memory of them all?
I painted the closets a lime green color, installed shelving and organized their toys in bins. You can read more about that in this post. I painted the walls a fun Crayola Collection color called Shy Turquoise, it's kind of bright but I love it with the flooring. One closet is for the bubs and the three girls all have the other closet.
the challenges will be met,
- I say: That baby head looks like it’s made out of chocolate. Mmm, chocolate….
I’ll give credit where credit is due. The above pictures, along with the commentaries, were take directly from a blog called Refuting a Book of Lies: Forbidden Family.
Facebook time: About the same-- check it a couple times a week. It's not an important part of my life.
I've taken two classes at a community college, and got A's in both of them.
One problem with our human government regulating rodent reproductive habitats is that rodents don't follow human rules. For one thing, they practice a rodent version of polygamy, as one researcher explains,
Volpi A, Pica F, Cauletti M, Pana A, Rocchi G. Cytomegalovirus infection in day care centers in Rome, Italy: viral excretion in children and occupational risk among workers. J Med Virol 1988; 26:119-25.
I rubbed a spoon on the back of the flower to curl it a bit, for more of a dimensional effect. I added a single pink rhinestone in the middle, and kept the ribbon simple too.
Dave looks up at me and pushes his mad curls from out of his eyes.
Square and straddles out across 42nd Street, turns into a wall and sucks in Manhattan Island. Our hero, named Rael, crawls out of the subways of New York and is sucked
I found this while at work at the library. I stopped to flip through a Post Secret book (love them) and found this note inside. It will be okay, Kelly, you can make Reality as wonderful as your Dreams.
Physical Inspection Tools During the physical search the TSCM Technicians will use miscellaneous tools and test sets to assist with locating and identifying eavesdropping devices. This is the most important, most laborious and least glamorous part of a TSCM sweep. During the physical inspection the following tools and devices will typically be used:
The tasks were divided into weekly themes as follows:
By chance, I was walking past Jones Bootmaker, a store that I did not normally shop in, and noticed that they had exactly the shoe trees I was interested in at half price, £17.50. I went in to enquire and the shop assistant, who had a silver tongue, pointed out that they only had 2 left in my size so I might wish to take them both. I agreed.
But the challenge to my mind was to capture the sense of internal debate that Paul has in his own head. He clearly wasn’t one to meander through life – and he certainly wasn’t one to deny reality. What is so instructive and pastoral about this section is the way we get to listen into his mental processes a little. And it seems to me that it is primarily a see-saw between present reality and future hope – which shifts into a distinction between living by what we can see with the eyes of the body alone, and living by what we can see with the eyes of faith in Christ. The key is that it is not wishful thinking because of Christ.
That’s right, now you have to prioritise your own injuries. 999 is only for the most serious eventualities such as nuclear holocaust, outbreak of intergalactic war, or if someone throws a soft fruit at Prince Phillip. 111 is better if you have a nosebleed that won’t stop, or a bruise on your knee in the shape of Italy. Considering that we already have a general helpline for health issues called NHS Direct, it is becoming a bit too confusing as to which number is the best to use in a given situation. You’ll find yourself flailing at your phone with whatever limbs you have left, hoping to get through to the right place.
Even if you could coax these men out of their jungle lairs and get them to the negotiating table, there is very little to offer them. They don't want ministries or tracts of land to govern. Their armies are often traumatized children, with experience and skills (if you can call them that) totally unsuited for civilian life. All they want is cash, guns, and a license to rampage. And they've already got all three. How do you negotiate with that?
for his Mardi Gras half marathon! I feel for him because our weekly forecast is rain, rain and more RAIN but he's a tough guy and he'll still rock that half...I'm sure of it :-)
Later, maybe good night.
The total for 3 gifts was $2.66 each. not too shabby!!
In the current system one is actually able to earn a college scholarship based on their ability in a particular sport. This obviously is not fair and equal for all and still is a point which cater mostly to the rich as it is mostly the rich who have the money to register their children into sports due to the high costs of this and even more cost to further to develop the Childs skills with special training camps to ensure that they will have the edge over the other kids in the sport and will be more likely “make it” to the big leagues for be selected from School Scholarship. There are the few exceptions to the rule where you have the odd kid who excels at a particular sport coming from a less privileged background and thus for him/her this may be their only access to education which is quite a risky path we have currently carved out in our system for some individuals to actually stand an equal chance in this world, as one slip, one unexpected injury could spell the downfall for that individual and have a massive impact on the rest of their life. In an Equal Money System Education will simply be a birth-right for all and no more just a option for those with Money. No more requiring individuals to walk such a tightrope which at the moment is what it is like to actually have a decent life in this world. What a Circus we have made out of this world.
(Works best with Insomnia app, which keeps your wifi up even when the phone is locked.)
Enter Friend 2. Upon hearing of our search, she offered to let me have a vintage dining set that had belonged to her husband’s mother. Yes, let me have. As in—for free. She knew it was for another friend of mine, and that they had no money. So out of the goodness of her heart, she donated to our “cause.”
But mostly it's about us on the inside, while they, our dimly heard, unseen friends, are on the outside. We know they're there, we hear them, they knock on the box, beating it like a drum, or they shake it, saying, "Earthquake!" We're in here, in here together, and all of that going on out there is another world where they understand nothing about making eye-contact in the dark, or the warmth of our bodies pressed together, the intimacy of being in a box together with the lid shut.
Mind, Matter and Waste
Knees, why have you failed me?
Not two minutes later, I saw my husband walking in the door to the apartment with a gorgeous bouquet of red roses and a shopping bag. He gave me the roses, a hat which I saw in a store window the day before which I had admired earlier that week, along with a beautiful red necklace from the local jeweler. I was not surprised as he has always been very thoughtful and terribly good to me.
So he is a slacker and yet he kills a hard working family man? He most definitely should be charged with First Degree Murder. Entitlement is the word for many young employees today. Many of them feel like they can arrive for work when they want to, leave when they want to, take as many breaks as they want to and the boss better not correct them.
“So one elephant having a trunk was odd; but all elephants having trunks looked like a plot.”
Flacco took it one step further Tuesday, telling WNST 1570 in Baltimore on Tuesday that he believes he’s the “best” quarterback in the NFL.
The families of former premiers Mahathir Mohamad and Abdullah Badawi are both involved in the sector through Kencana and Scomi respectively. Is it now the turn of the Najibs to eye a slice of the Petronas pie?
Pull ups – 10 x 3 sets
Rolling with the adventure, I took the time to wander down Main Street into Chinatown… see the East Van sights as the city was waking up and found a coffee shop.
No, your eye's are not deceiving you! I have a post for you today! I feel like I am finally back in the swing of things. It's been a very very long 6 months, from leaving Germany, finding a job for Rodney, finding a house, getting settled in, and FINALLY feeling like stamping again!
Are you drinking tonight or am I? (I have very strict rules for designated driver status)
Wanted to lean, wanted much to be
N. Nicknames: Boo
Two and a half years ago, I was waiting for my cert, studying, reading, learning everything I could about programming and biomechanics and movements; I was observing, reading, and talking to people. Learning. CrossFit was more than a change in diet and exercise for me. It was my Golden Ticket. I desperately needed..not wanted…this to be something that people wanted to do. In that desperation, I also wanted to be able to give something to every individual who came into my gym. I wanted them to be empowered. To feel whole. To feel like they belonged. I wanted them to have everything that I…at that time…was lacking.
Entangled Monsters
Now I've opened my little book shop, and you who live outside of Sweden have finally a change to get your own copy. Here are the facts (updated 12-04-24, I had wrong info about the freight costs):
to sit and sweat away
2. I’ve been having more fun painting on the iPad!
Knowing she would return, sorry for time they lost.
If your parish had a full-time staff person whose only job was to answer questions about the faith from people too shy to darken the door of a church, don’t you think a little contribution towards that person’s puny salary would be in order?
This is the room-- see the three places the exact same toile was used? This kind of pattern matching was common in Paris, and it somehow manages not to look like a Bed-in-a-Bag.
CH: I'm going to tell you a story. I was into rock-and-roll; I had long hair and played the drums. I hated tango, I didn't like it one bit, I couldn't even listen to it. But when I went to take a class with Ricardo Barrios and Victoria Vieyra, I embraced my dance partner for the first time and I got goose bumps. I said, "there's something going on here..." and I never stopped. That magical moment was my beginning. On the other hand, a few years ago I went to the "La Trastienda" milonga organized by Horacio Godoy. I walked in and I saw you. I wanted to dance with you but second-guessed myself. I went back and forth until I asked you. I remember we were talking, then we embraced each other and in that moment I felt 40 years of tango. In the embrace, do you understand? We hadn't taken a single step! It was simply from the way in which you held me. For me that was the most powerful moment of the tanda. Then we danced for a long time. It was great, we did all sort of things, I enjoyed myself. But the moment of that embrace, like the one of my first class and some others, have marked me in regards to my relationship with the dance. I'm talking about the intimacy of the embrace. With very few people have I been able to feel the same way, much has been lost.
As sweet music flows from the lyre.
God is a person — namely, our Father. Prayer is a deeply personal, intimate CONVERSATION with our Father — not some *magical incantation* or religious babbling.
support, faith and respect.
The Cubans “always said they just wanted someone to talk to,” Cason said. “But I always asked why not the USINT? That’s why we were there, to talk to them.”
Personally I find fresh air hardly refreshing, but today it smells like freedom. I had a dream yesterday, where I found something amazing. But I didn’t know what it was I was looking at.
The reality in all this is that we are fighting a war with an ideology, a religion that believes in lying and deceit to achieve it’s goals. And our president has done much to hide or disguise that fact. All references to “radical Islam” Muslim terrorists, and anything else that identifies violent acts as being motivated by the Islamic religious belief has been ordered purged from all official government communication. Meantime the Obama administration is funneling not just millions but billions of dollars into the hands of these radicals through all kinds of back doors and under many guises.
This article was written by Stephen King about the fact that he believes the rich should be taxed more, particularly as many rich people find themselves paying less taxes than the middle class.
What are your plans for New Years Eve? While I love a good party, I prefer New Years Eve gatherings to be somewhat intimate. I don't know if I'm just getting sentimental in my old age but the beginning of a New Year is a big deal to me. I love making resolutions/goals. I love celebrating the year past & looking forward to the year ahead. I guess that's why I prefer a smaller gathering.
How sweet is that? If you're married, what was your proposal story?
to touch the world in such a blaze,
The noises of nature in Washington Park was eventually drowned out by an animal drowning on Friday. Willie Karidis of Milwaukee's Urban Ecology Center left the building and headed to the nearby lagoon. As the animal struggled for its life, Karidis noticed that struggle may have already spanned years. Karidis tried to save the female pit bull, but her abuse was too great. The dog named Lucy had to be put down, a casualty of dog fighting.
6. Guitar Red - Disco From A Space Show
Did you know that arson is the leading cause of fires in the United States, resulting in more than $1 billion in property loss each year?
The opposition PKR party, which recently uncovered the fact that Najib paid RM 94 million to FBC Media over 3 years, are also making clear they are concerned about the costs of this latest round of foreign PR services. The expenditure by the Prime Minister’s Private Office has rocketed by 400% at a time of growing public deficits.
It’s CycloMAYnia and National Bike Month is officially here in the US! With longer, milder days in the northern hemisphere, it’s time to recognize bicycling for the multitude of benefits it provides – improving our health, economy, and environment.
* Your coolest ghost pic is framed and hanging in the hallway with your family photos.
I am going to guess if she had realized that her urethra was not the correct choice ahead of time she would have picked a different utensil.
Maybe it’s the full moon veiled by a gauze of smoggish haze. Or that my monthly ‘friend’ is creeping up on me (sorry guys). Or that I can’t up my score on Bejeweled Blitz.
What I love about David's Bridal is that all of the dresses are affordable. Bridal gowns range in price from $299 to $1600 and carry gowns from size 0 to 26. There's a very good chance a bride-to-be could find her dream wedding dress at David's Bridal, try it on and take it home that same day.
Including this.
Highlights included a 2 year old keg of Lambrucha (yum,
The 3rd or Inner Eye – A metaphysical opening which refers to the 6th chakra (brow), that leads to higher consciousness. A new age symbol of enlightenment.
It urged lifting the ban on cell-phone roaming between India and Pakistan — probably the only two neighbouring countries in the world that disallow this facility — and on video up-linking from India to Pakistan.
It was pirate weekend in Yorktown Virginia and the annual book sale at our public library. Add in my niece singing the lead role in an opera, church, and a birthday party and you had a full weekend.
Port Elizabeth could soon be known as Nelson Mandela! That's right folks - the Black masses of the Eastern Cape are starting to re-write our White history and are going to rename all the cities and towns in the region with their unpronounceable gibberish names. If they had designed, built and founded this area then maybe this wouldn't be so hard to swallow - but they did nothing but be parasites on the white tax money, sucking the teat dry and now they get to run this area into the ground and, to add insult to injury, rename the whole area to boot. No money to keep their people out of poverty and to stop the crime, but they can find the millions that it will cost to rename a whole region!
vomit in huge sprays across stall-doors
Our visit to the ChocoMuseo was great for another reason. In our workshop group were six other people – five Australians and one Brazilian. We had a great time with these folks and after the workshop, they invited us out to dinner with them at this crazy-good restaurant near our hotel called Fallen Angel. Since traveling is just about the best way to meet new and interesting people, we were happy to go.
What makes a person "honest" in this hobby? I think honesty comes into play when you start interacting with fellow hobbyists (be it collectors, buyers, dealers, or the fellow next to you at the show). How you present yourself, what you say, how you act and how (if it gets to this point) you deal/trade with others have a direct impact on how you are perceived in terms of "honest/dishonest".
Sadly, it was at the O2, great idea for a venue but sadly lacking in atmosphere, you wander from a nice indoor street to a concrete waiting pen. By the time we got in, we did feel that instead of being wristbanded they could have cut the middle out and just tagged us though the ear. Also the music venue is sponsered by Stella 4% so no concert beer for me, not a problem but the Cidre which was also being served was unbelieveably chemically smelling that you knew if the person next to you had been drinking it. ﻿
I look forward to inspiring you, meeting you and helping you to project your dreams into reality.
I will check facebook 900 times during the course of my workday, read a bunch of blogs, and stalk people on Google+, then at the end of the day, I will scramble to get things done and stress myself out.
We must be beating our chests, though, because women in our day and age, continue to grab the headlines.Malaysian women are becoming more and more famous by the day. Those simple, ordinary, hardworking women…are just ordinary, and their achievements are not news, not sexy enough, you can say.
Keeping it together was pretty difficult as my blood oozed everywhere and the other driver walked out of his car unscathed.
I actually intended to make a vegan shrimp recipe tonight - and didn't have enough in my freezer! One can only dream of the days that grocery stores carry these cruelty-free shrimp as readily (or more readily!) than once-live shrimp. Luckily, I had plenty in my fridge and pantry to throw together this dish. Almost the epitome of ease, it simplifies normally labor-intensive risotto by baking in the oven.
Photographic evidence
“Oh. Hello.” Mattie pulled the curve of her mouth upward attempting to feign a genuine smile for courteous sake of bus ride etiquette then closed her eyes as she pulled her hand from his trying to return to her day dream and recapture the best moments of her pain. ‘Shoulda been an actress.’ She admired her lifetime of refining the art of faking smiles through the abuses of unwanted introductions, conversation, and time passing pleasantries but Mattie did not take the bus to make friends with her fellow travelers, she rode the long
And ducks may founder and die
SFMOMA followed their show on the Stein family collections with a huge, boring exhibit of black on black "drawings" by Richard Serra. The main thing on view in that exhibit was ego.
Saucy Sal - A Sailor's Tale
Thank you and have a great Monday!
I have my workout for tomorrow already. Very basic exercises, squats, push ups (fingers crossed) tricep extensions and crunches. This is a challenge I found on the website so I'll do as many reps as I can tomorrow in my 50 secs and write that number down and then after 30 days of exercising, I'll come back and re-do these exercises and compare my reps to the first day. So check out the website and let me know what you think! Do you think you would be interested in workouts like these? Do you have a workout that is just awesome and working for you? Hope everyone has a great night!
Well, it is Monday again and that means it is time for another fabulous challenge at Ooh La La Creations. Firstly, please let me say a big thank you for all the entries that we had for the last challenge. Please stop by the Ooh La La Challenge Blog to see who our lucky winners were. Remember, there is no Random Org here, the Design Team take it in turns to pick their favourite and two runners up - so if you won it's because we loved your creation!!
The politically nurtured lumpenproletariat is too powerful to be touched by the police. On the contrary, whenever necessary they take up the role of the police with greater effect and lesser legal hassles. For example, they severely beat up mediapersons doing their work on 28 February, the day of all-India industrial strike, in Gangulybagan area of Kolkata. They also disrupted a protest demonstration organised by a civil rights body a few days later at the Hazra Crossing in the city. In both cases the police force did nothing to restrain the assailants and at Hazra they arrested some of the activists instead. Such extra-legal methods of gagging the press and curbing political democracy surely had the blessings of the highest authority; in fact the same purpose was later sought to be served by administrative measures like banning the entry of leading newspapers in government-aided libraries and booking some of the protesters against eviction in Nonadanga under draconian laws and very serious charges.
But when a sperm-donor and egg-recipient (aka: biological father and biological mother) formally disown their own child, and in her early teenage years, there is no longer any family to keep together.
For those who want to cook pineapple jam instead of using store bought jam, here are the tips I have gathered from my own experience. Below is a list of pros and cons of cooking your own jam.
There are unlimited opportunities for failure once you start down this route. JK Rowling – what a loser. She never won the Carnegie did she? Philip Pullman? Totally outsold and eclipsed (clever, huh) by Stephenie Meyer - but who'd want Stephenie's reviews?
"You haven't got it in you Mod whippet! You'll always fall at the final hurdle. You got no soul!"
I’ll share a couple of links to places I’ve found that could use a few good hooks and you can check ‘em out! Make sure when searching that the organization stands for the things you believe in and find things that will truly help the cause. Well, you know the drill! Make sure they’re legit! Also, before you start your projects find out if there are certain sizes or items that they are most in need of, and be sure that you know if they are requesting you use certain brands of yarn; such as if you make chemo caps or baby blankets. They might want extra soft material to snuggle in or hats that can be worn year round!
I find myself in the stunning surroundings of West Brewing in Glasgow's East End for what sounds like a rather interesting, innovative and unique beer event that is taking place here as part of the Social Media Week Glasgow.
They give you free candy on a FREE tour!!!
Original Air Date: Mar 30, 2012
1) Preheat oven to 350 and set out one frozen pie crust.
To handle the massive imaging data load, that’s why.
You can never have too much white serveware in my opinion.
I'm assuming I ain't gettin' the 590 this Christmas because none of the gifts are big enough (although one is big enough for shotgun shells...but it's not so fun without the shotgun. However, remember that Lone Ranger episode where he had bullets but no gun and he used some rocks to fire a bullet off and get the bad guy)?
This has very little to do with the many unique features of this administration. It is typical of any administration under siege, and it is as understandable and inevitable as it is unfortunate and even dangerous. I know it well, having seen it with my own eyes during the Iran-Contra siege of the Reagan White House 25 years ago, when the president’s men and women concentrated all their energies and all their passions on “saving” the president from what many of them believed was the return of Watergate. I don’t know if the Obama faithful have an historical template for the current crisis, but their behavior, like Obama’s, is altogether familiar. The White House is hermetically sealed to reality and the president simply repeats his mantras and tries to look unconcerned, even confident and feisty.
Last stop on the fish train: Con Dao island. If anybody here watched the most recent season of French Survivor, called Koh-Lanta, it took place in Con Dao. I'm not here to tell you about that time we had to eat spiders and centipedes because we were stranded in the middle of the jungle, though. I'll keep that for another time--or maybe you'll never hear about it again.
That’s when the wheels came off. Due to a complicated set of circumstances that I won’t explain here, the kids and I were initially refused entry to the UK. We were allowed to see N for 24 hours and we had to go back to the US. It took me three weeks to sort things out and get back here.
It makes me think I should let them loose a bit more often.
My father passed away and suddenly there was a vacuum in her life. Tired and broken from the struggles of life she intended to live quietly in some old age home but we insisted that she start her life afresh.
Do unison activists in england, wales and northern ireland have something to learn from our colleagues in scotland?
* a bag of cough drops
Went to see kira’s people. Nice night out. Meeting with them tomorrow for a meal and a chat.
You think you can kow tim the situation by outsourcing the fiery rhetoric and bloody threats to the fighter cocks like Perkasa’s Brahem Ali and KJ? That’s a mistake.
More surprisingly, the meet and greet was good, and it included some interesting folks.
The luck of the Irish. Might be the time to head out and kiss that Blarney Stone.
Apparently, he was having tremors in his arms and legs. He had been drinking.
Greetings can sometimes throw me off- like when someone asks, "How you going?" How am I going? By train? Oh... "I'm going good." I'm sure hearing "How you doing?" could be just as strange to Aussies.
Liam
Is it your husband who woke up wanting to leave home and never return?
I finally released it from its bonds on Wednesday, but since the decorations are in the basement and I can't yet manage the basement stairs, it remains undecorated. But we kinda like it that way. We can just say we were going for that "natural" look this year... going green and all.
This bridge was built by
While I often walk these beaches with my wife and my Zen master, Derry, I also spend a great deal of time walking alone. Some might find this a lonely enterprise, but I do not. Indeed, I find myself in complete agreement with that fine writer and lover of the sea, Anne Morrow Lindbergh, who once said:
350And drink the falling tears each other sheds;
Goose: That's a tall glass of water.
of triumph and recompense
sweet
Anyway, the journey home reminded me just how much I hate Dalgety Bay. Possibly the most pointless station on the Edinburgh to Dundee line. Even more pointless than Springfield and that's saying something. The station just slows you down, it's so close to Inverkeithing that the time between stations is around two minutes and Dalgety Bay itself is a reasonable walk south from the station.
The final touch was topping the cupcakes with Elmo toppers that I had made previously by piping them with royal icing on waxed paper - the same method I used for the Superman cupcakes for my son's birthday.
Juno then disappeared, leaving poor Psyche alone and no choice but to make her way over to the nearest temple to Venus. When she entered it, Venus was already there and ready to make Psyche go through hell to get to her beloved son.
Joanne Kraft is a sought-after speaker who loves to encourage women. She has been published in Today’s Christian Woman, In Touch, ParentLife, Kyria and P31 Woman magazine. A leader of Inspire Christian Writers, she serves as a marriage study group leader, and works as a 911 dispatcher in Sacramento County, California. Kraft is married and has four children.
spirit.
So Zaath threw his now-completely-useless flute to the “orties” and started twisting sounds with his laptop, as well as pushing faders up and down.
I was irritated, aggravated, down-right annoyed that I wasn’t going to be able to go to church.
The reality? The routes pass in front of some of the most expensive hotels in London to allow those who have bought premium packages to be taken, bascially at our expense, straight to the venues in air conditioned limousines. Anyone caught using these lanes for any other purpose, maybe like work or education God forbid, will be caught (doubtless by a CCTV system that can't identify murderers), fined 200 pounds and probably CS gassed in the face as potential terrorists for good measure.
1 teaspoon dried dill
Regardless of the regime the aircraft flew for, it was an important piece of technology and in its time a true flying wonder. Given there are so few survivors it is fantastic that Legend Flyers have returned a number of reproductions of this famous fighter into the sky. Let’s hope some wealthy investors request more in the near future!
Perhaps Dewey’s leaders thought that better press could solve the firm’s crisis. But that approach reverses the relationship between public relations and crisis management, which is simple: manage a crisis properly and the resulting story will write itself.
These are the thoughts running through my head lately since the knitting and spinning bug is keeping me looking forward to new fiber projects.
This week I am going to mix things up a bit. I am finding menu planning to be a bit too stressful and I tend to waste too much when I plan a week in advance. Yesterday I cleaned out the refridgorator and made a couple dishes to have for this week. Once everything is eaten up then I will sit down and plan a couple more dishes to make. This seems to work best for us. I have things in the freezer and pantry for breakfast and lunches. This is so much easier for me right now. My brain just can't think too far ahead.LOL
Yes, in response. I put those words in bold print because when I first read them, I realized just how white-centered the novel and movie are. I think that had it not been for the movie, especially Gregory Peck's depiction of Atticus Finch, the novel would not have the status it has today. Peck's Finch, in his upright disdain for racism, fully embodied a particularly white and male aspiration of liberal nobility. But he does it all on his own; it's white individualism all over again. And, ironically, non-white people are part of that portrait, but only as props, as accouterments that flesh out the portrait. Any black unrest and activism that would no doubt have inspired and aided any such white crusader is entirely erased.
John 6:53-56
Over Christmas my dad was telling some stories from a life pretty much spent on or around the sea. My father was with the Merchant Navy for around 16 years (from the age of 16 until 32), starting off as a galley boy. The Merchant Navy consisted of various private shipping companies, but my father worked pretty much exclusively for the Cunard line.
Jim starts this chapter with "Yoda", his secret Chinese army intelligence benefactor, telling Jim he had arranged a trip for him to learn an important lesson. "Dr. Garrow," explained Yoda's two associates, "we are going to show you something which may shock you, but it will give you an understanding of what we Chinese think and where we come from.” Jim goes on to matter-of-factually state that "We headed for Yunnan province, about two hours from the city of Kunming." Jim presents this as a "day trip", which struck me as odd given that Kunming is over a thousand kilometers from Chongqing. Distance aside, Jim recounts how he was brought to a Buddhist temple outside Kunming, and given over to two monks who escorted Jim on a walk.
Anyway, yesterday followed the usual running day routine-
they were hung very low!!
Serve immediately.
‘Tis not easy to catch me”
I remember driving home that afternoon with my head in a fog, and when I got home I just hugged Jenny and held her for the longest time and promised her that everything would be okay. She needed to hear me say that. I needed to hear me say that too. I'm not sure whether or not either of us believed it, but we both needed to hear me say it. It was the day before Laura's second birthday, and we were both wondering what kind of world lay in store for her.
As under a green sea, I saw him drowning.
“There is little doubt that rising human consumption of materials is our most seminal environmental challenge,” Ali writes, but he also acknowledges the way in which our lust for material goods—treasure, as he puts it—has shaped human civilization since long before the gold rush. Rather than attempting to reverse this long history of resource use, Ali proposes that we employ our awareness of it to look for creative ways forward.
And for he did the rest in wisdom far exceed,
Mainstream archeology hasn’t been exactly welcoming. Mr. Freeman says journals have rejected his papers and conferences have denied him a platform. Although he hasn’t read Canada’s Stonehenge, University of Alberta archeologist Jack Ives is familiar with Mr. Freeman’s theories. He says recent research suggests some astronomical knowledge developed in Central and South America flowed north to the plains, where it was adapted by people for their own purposes. “There is some basis for thinking there was sophisticated astronomical knowledge,” says Mr. Ives. But what exactly is manifested in the medicine wheels? “They may certainly reflect solstices and equinoxes. How much more sophisticated beyond that has been a subject of debate.” But Mr. Ives points out the terrain in question is an ancient glacial moraine, full of naturally occurring rocks. “You have to be very careful about what you line up.”
The Stars” in the gathering night.
Now here are a couple of things we talk about A LOT around these parts, even just last month, but their importance really can't be overstated, so humor me. Today, I received an email from the National Marrow Donor Program, marking my third year on the Be The Match registry. In 2009, I donated blood (for the first time ever) and joined the registry following a dear family friend's lymphoma diagnosis. I never could have imagined that a year later, I would be encouraging all of you to donate blood in honor of Georgia. It really is such an easy thing to do, and so, as always, we hope you'll consider becoming regular blood donors and joining the bone marrow registry. You could save a life in 2012 - how's that for a New Year's goal?!
I've done my best to regain the ten pounds I lost last week. Not really, but my body is much happier there. I expect that's where it will eventually settle.
What object would you prefer not to live without?
But what of the results? Does the international success tell us that the locals have dropped their game, or that we are resting on our laurels? Hardly. When you consider the volume of beer presented and the high standard of craft brewing around the world right now, Australia’s modest population should be very proud of our place on the world stage. Couple this with the fact that more and more international brewing heavy-weights are sending beers to our awards and you can see that the overall quality is extremely impressive. Again, for the nerds, I’ll list some facts and figures and results. For now, it’s just about the occasion.
The above scenario is typically a weekly occurrence and happens to everybody. All the time. Quite how Chinese supermarkets turn a profit is a mystery. And nobody complains. Harmony would somehow fall apart if people complained at such idiotic practices. So, basically, when in China accept that your dinner plans probably won’t work out every day. (Like when you plan an Indian meal around an imported packet of spices… BASTARDS!!! Ange)
Sinn Fein said any change in procedures must have Executive approval and no approval had been given.
Is your ceiling on the verge of collapse, and you want to prevent fallen sheetrock from gnawing into the small of your back at 3 in the morning? Better see a drywall contractor.
Come enjoy happy hour on the Market for a great cause, while getting food and drink discounts, not to mention the music will be provided by your Club Bully DJ rDOT.
We hear the troops will be staying longer than expected.
Today, about 100 feet south of the first phone, I found a Samsung T-Mobile flip phone whose owner was obviously Spanish-speaking. I called one of the most frequently called numbers, which turned out to the be owner's wife. The three recent semesters of non-credit Spanish came in useful when we made the exchange at a fast food restaurant close to my office. She and her husband both worked at IHOP. Apparently he had left the phone on the roof of his car when he drove to work.
Their new film The Yes Men Fix the World gives us a front row seat at several of these jaw-dropping, hilarious stunts, and takes us behind the scenes to show how they are planned. At a 2005 Dow Chemical conference, the two give a presentation on “acceptable risk”, symbolizing actual harm to other human beings that’s profitable (hence acceptable) with a Golden Skeleton. At a petroleum conference in Canada, they share candles supposedly made from the boiled off fat of a victim of climate change named Reggie Watts: a new, cutting edge “bio-fuel” with more than a little in common with Soylent Green. At another event, they pass themselves off as representatives of Haliburton, introducing a preposterous new invention called “Survivaballs”, hazmat suits to be permanently worn by the rich and powerful after they destroy the earth. After this and several other of such presentations, the speakers are generally approached by approving audience members with words of encouragement, or at best, mild suggestions for improvement. The grand-daddy of the Yes Men stunts occurred when Andy Bichlbaum went on the BBC in 2004 and announced that Dow Chemical (which had recently acquired Union Carbide) was finally going to make equitable restitution to the residents of Bhopal, India for the 1984 industrial disaster, which took thousands of lives, and destroyed tens of thousands more.
The Ho Ho Ho set is a sleek collection with designs reminiscent of candy cane lane. The Snowmates set is sure to delight you just like winter’s first snowfall. And inspired by the holiday jingle “O Christmas Tree,” the O’Tannenbaum collection adds harmony to your tabletop. The evergreen accents are perfect for adding color to your meal, while invoking a sense of Christmas cheer.
This read wasn't a complete bust for me though, because Burns' art is an incredible, inky, dark work of beauty. I really enjoyed the experience of turning each page to see what artistic wonders could be found. Rarely was I disappointed. The nature of Black Hole's plot requires that Burns draws everything from the mundane to the insane and he does both incredibly well. I only wish there had been a great story to go with the art.
I know your patterns
Monty Cuthbert (Lib Dem) 1764
This is what should be done
After Buffalo Exchange last Saturday, I popped in Sweet Action ice cream, conveniently situated directly across the street from BE, and binged on a double scoop in a cake cone. I have forgotten what the bottom scoop was now, because the top one was so incredible- Shanahan’s Whiskey Brittle- YUM!
Organization’s Mission: Plus One Foundation assists children and adults with a neurological injury, disorder, or disease to achieve goals, expand opportunities and ‘feed the soul’ through activities that offer education, rehabilitation and training.
I know some who have seen great fissures in the earth, rent cave mouths and slit rock, wherein lies the entrance to the path to Hell. I spoke to a man from the North of England some years gone, who told me he had seen such an entrance with his very eyes. I understood from him that the gateway to Hell is somewhere outside Bolton.
(can you find Mark Aitken – ME!)
This giveaway is INTERNATIONAL- Naughty Monkey will choose the winner on May 5th. Good luck girls!
09 - Honest With Me
After all that, D came out of school well, bounding into me, hair still wet from swimming. She was far more interested in getting home than discussing her day so I’m presuming no “boy who picks on her” issues.
By the one who's strong can right your wrongs
I’m laughing because the first thing (or person) I thought of was Bernadette Mayer. I first met Bernadette when I took one of her workshops at the confluence of two creeks in East Nassau—I think that was her last workshop, in fact. Quickly, I learned that being around Bernadette made me feel like I feel when I’m around my women cousins—i.e. conspiratorial. There are eight women first cousins on my Dad’s side. When I get around them, especially the second oldest after me, we tend to do a 12-year-old regress. I feel this way with Bernadette, but it’s with an edge. I wish I had more time to conspire with women poets. I love, too, that the roots of this word—like inspire, conspire—contain breath. The breath is in the line. I have a piece in my first book, Our Parenthetical Ontology—“What’s the difference between aspiration and ambition? One lets you breathe.”
To make them look a little different from the mini cupcakes, I did a basket weave piping with cream cheese frosting, and then piped Hello Kitty on top in pink (the exact opposite from the Hello Kitty birthday cupcakes I did before).
Kiss Meets The Phantom Of The Park: Power from Maximum Horror revisits this camp classic, and makes it sound so deliciously dreadful that even this decidedly non-KISS fan wants to check it out.
This little painting is in response to the Daily Paintworks Challenge, part one: Using Ultramarine Blue, Burnt Umber and White, paint Abraham Lincoln in a neutral gray. I don't remember ever painting this way before, although I've read about it. Great exercise. Click here to see the many paintings submitted to this challenge: Daily Paintworks Lincoln Challenge.
St. Peter smiled and said to the zebra, "Well, then, there you are. You are white with black stripes.
Requirement number two: You must have an eBook Reader. I don't care if it's a Sony, iPad, Kindle, or Nook, but you have to have one of them or you won't be able to read the manuscripts I send.
Frederic Vidal“
- Promod
'I'm dying...' I said.
Monday morning brought breakfast at the Serena Inn and my flight to Dar followed by the short flight to Mafia (and the discovery that Flightlink are starting a Zanzibar-Mafia flight this season!!)
4 cups 2% reduced-fat milk
David uses speed-networking to break the ice – you have a few minutes with 3 random people, usually those fairly near you. Although you may not learn much (it’s far too short), it’s a good way for getting everyone into a ‘participative’ frame of mind.
Bam: Sorry fans the 144 or Bust part 2 which was going to be called Reservoir Gods, (Suns of Thunder). that is on a tape in one of my vaults on an island in the Pacific.... one thing for sure it was going to be a beast of an album but it just didn’t happen. The BB project is a completely different
It is interesting that of all the traps that the scribes and Pharisees could have come up with to set for Jesus this is the one they chose. This was not the work of a rocket scientist nor a well thought out plan. Perhaps this reveals their desperation or their ignorance or maybe it is a testament to the fact that their eyes were so blind they could not see the flaw in their plan much less the flaws in themselves.
Anything
Philip Glass’ symphonic music has grown commonplace on ballet programs, yet more often than not contemporary choreographers will concoct dense, breathless and safe movement phrases to accompany Glass’ launching and looping scores. Maybe you’ll see costumes that express ‘creativity,’ but for the most part the dance feels to be trying to normalize the music, even after all these years. There is a tamped down effect and it’s rarely fun stuff.
We don’t know down the road what will happen and can we cope with sudden changes which under nature’s systems takes generations to accomplish while giving time for the new speciment and its surrounding to adjust or die off?Perhaps its only right we are now trying concretize going into other planets just incase things go wrong here on earth.
MARY AND MAX (2009)
But with Platt in place, who needed annexation? Over the next two decades, the United States repeatedly dispatched Marines based at Guantánamo to protect its interests in Cuba and block land redistribution. Between 1900 and 1920, some 44,000 Americans flocked to Cuba, boosting capital investment on the island to just over $1 billion from roughly $80 million and prompting one journalist to remark that “little by little, the whole island is passing into the hands of American citizens.”
As with the so called anti-Apartheid movement in South Africa the Mau Mau killed, maimed and tortured many hundreds and possibly thousands more Africans than they did whites. Estimates vary as to how many of the peaceful majority of black Africans were killed by the mau mau between the official figure of 1,800 and up to 30,000, most of the killings being marked by the extreme levels of violence and cruelty involved. In particular the wives and children of non mau mau linked Kikuyu who were serving in the army or police force were targeted and slaughtered in significant numbers.
“The internal and international criminal gang will either be forced to work or simply exterminated.”
“Particularly in Syria, may there be an end to bloodshed and an immediate commitment to the path of respect, dialogue and reconciliation, as called for by the international community.”
15. Some things you can just photograph with your mind… just enjoy them
- 2 cloves of garlic, roughly chopped
Boots: Madden Girl
The expedition began in June when Lt. Gov. and veteran soldier Pedro de Villasur was appointed by New Mexico Gov. Antonio Valverde to lead a Spanish army into central Nebraska to investigate French ambitions in territory that Spain claimed. The expedition 600 miles away included more than 40 soldiers and more than 60 Indian allies. Villasur, 34 of his soldiers, and 11 Pueblo scouts were killed in an attack by Pawnee Indians – who were allied with the French – after they crossed onto the North Platte River in August of that year. The Spanish called the North Platte the Rio de San Lorenzo, and they called the South Platte the Rio Jesus María.
She's looking out for us.
The main highlight of the film is the ending. The best way to describe the ending is it is jaw dropping and quite surprising. It is definitely one of the best endings I've seen in a film. After I finished watching this film, I could not stop thinking about it which shows how powerful it is and how touched I was by it.
The Saaka Vratha is the first of the four and in this, the following foods are prohibited ,both as an offering to God and to be consumed on daily basis...
First off -- apologies for the lack of updates and general slowness; I've spent all this past week attending and in transit to conferences with my day beginning promptly at 5am and ending at 9pm, which is an exercise that requires Zen-like endurance (such is the scholarly life!). All yesterday was spent luxuriously doing absolutely nothing of importance or note, and today, with the exception of more reading, catching up, and the Ravens/Patriots and Niners/Giants game (which is certainly something of importance and note) will be more or less the same.
outcome of the UEFA Champions
Outstanding trait: Eager to bring others to Jesus
Easy peasey.
Not only was he brilliant, he was handsome, with the red gold hair so prized by his race and class, and although he was on the small side, he had as well the strength and physique of an athlete, a tennis player and a fencer. He was also born into the highest levels of the English nobility, the heir to the second oldest Earldom in the nation. Had he been born in Italy he would have been regarded as a Prince, for there, unlike England, the nobility still retained complete control over their medieval demesnes, which we call principalities. His rank, although in some respects a marvelous gift, was also a curse, for although it gave him a great deal more economic freedom than most men of his age, it also tied him to a prescribed and highly restrictive role in the life of his community, a role he could escape only in the theatre or in the pages of a book; ultimately it demanded the sacrifice of his identity as a writer.
In addition to allegedly serving as a forest plantation for Taib, the dam itself was part of a grandiose plan to meet electricity demand in peninsular Malaysia, nearly 700km away, via a high voltage direct current cable, since the entire island of Borneo, where the dam is situated, including the Indonesian state of Kalimantan, is unlikely to be able to use the amount of electricity it was projected to produce in the foreseeable future.
I felt guilty for my single-minded behavior, like the Jane Fonda character in Barefoot in the Park who can't come out of the honeymoon suite. Cannot. There's good stuff in there, and the rest of the world can just bloody well wait.
You Speak My Language, Morphine (I still miss Mark Sandman)
The relationship that I just ended was so not any of those things. What makes me angry, though, is that I didn't take notice. I mean, that's the point of all of the counseling that I've done. To be able to recognize when my needs are not being met, to know when something is unhealthy, yet I did not realize it fully until I was away from it. In addition to that, more realization came when I met someone who treats me the way I want, need and deserve to be treated.
7) In one of the sessions yesterday, one of the moderator’s phone rang (loud enough for everyone to hear). Maybe not a big deal, but something for moderators to think about – rules apply to them too!
First a little history:
I am absolutely obsessed with the pink and orange color combination. I even did a post on a pink and orange nursery that would be absolutely precious for my imaginary baby girl (that won't be coming anytime soon.)
This weekend I made two Poinsettia Pillows. My inspiration came from this pillow at Pottery Barn.
I wish I were him.
**remember, these are NOT my answers, i have NOT changed anything, this is NOT actually about me and i am JUST fine! what follows are some of the responses i liked best:
Arlene Caruso has been assistant branch manager and head of the Reference Department at the Paseo Verde Library for two years, but has worked at Henderson Libraries since 2005. Active with Nevada Library Association, she’s been the chair of the Reference and Information Searchers of Nevada Interest Group since 2008; was programming co-chair for 2008, 2011 NLA Annual Conferences; was chair of NLA 2009 Conference; co-chair of 2012 Exhibits Committee for the Conference.
I have a plan for my new house that I am so excited about. I always new that I wanted a mudroom for my boys to enter when we bought a house, but unfortunately, it doesn't have one. Let's face it, boys do not come into the house, open the closet doors, put their shoes and knapsacks in nicely and then hang their coats up. No, instead, nothing makes it to the closet and everything ends up on the floor.
Well today's a very special day!!
She has turned up occasionally in movies and television shows, and she was nominated for Emmy for her role as the sexy and unforgettable Mercedes saleswoman Gloria Trullo in Sopranos in 2001. All of us Sopranos fans remember this foxy character. Source: Wikipedia
At least I did tonight.
Welcome to The Original BURP Blog. My name is Gil, and this is Post Post #79: Pre-Production Madness.
Armed as I was with a paperback copy of Faulkner's third novel, Sartoris, which boldly displayed a photo of Faulkner on the back cover, I knew for certain that this was Faulkner and that he was lying through his teeth, all in the hope of banishing the two students who had disturbed his afternoon nap. In deference to the Nobel Prize winner, however, and with due respect for his menacing bloodhounds, Anthony and I apologized for our intrusion and politely asked the gentleman to please give Mr. Faulkner our best wishes. We then promptly departed, plotting our next move as we drove away.
So black sheep Lindsey vs fresh faced Ashley. Ashley chose You and I, an odd choice… she is anything BUT Gaga. However, her vocas were strong. Lindsey picked an emotional little known song and stuck true to her art. Christina cried alot. Too much. She cried to make a spectacle, not becasue her heart was breaking. In the end, she chose the more unique artist in Lindsey Pavao.
Grace Kelly, one of the most influential style icons of the 20th Century, is the subject of a major exhibition which opens this weekend at the V & A in London. A movie star who became a real-life princess, she is the perfect example of what it means to be stylish: although she followed fashion, she was always true to her distinctive, ladylike look. Only very rarely did she deviate from the streamlined, unfussy suits and dresses which she knew suited her.
The expression of love, far from being a simple matter, even under the most advantageous of circumstances, tasks us even more in consideration of the incongruity of our temporal lives. The strength and power of passionate feelings inspired by intense emotional involvement magnify the struggle a hundred-fold. Even as we tend to each other in the most caring and gentle way, sharing our thoughts and feelings, and especially when we open ourselves to each other, we collide with temporal reality in ways that make us long for some sort of alternate universe in which only you and I exist.
Muse token - Tim Holtz
Think about it and share what you learn. I'd love to hear from you.
But, you have the first three bars of “Yucatan Sam”. Alas, there is that. You sing them gently as you tap the power button lightly. One tear falls from your cheek, pauses at your chin, and then dives – landing perfectly on your delete key. Your firmware update has been cancelled.
(7) Best Legislation of 2010: The repeal of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell. It’s time.
Old Rose Cami Baby Blue: So Many Styles
But Junkii has wanted to try camping for a few years now. I don’t know if I’m up for it, but if it makes him happy…
You see the only dream that counts
I will be the first to admit that conservative Christianity as a whole has poorly adapted to cultural change, has failed to address many social problems, and has overlooked many unreached people groups. However, we need to adapt to modern culture without losing our historical identity. We need to address social problems without losing our primary focus on personal spirituality. We need to reach a diverse world without losing our unity in Christ.
He received my little talk about under-aged drinking, puking, puke clean-up charge, heads out windows, blowing up speakers, and communicating clearly with me.
I used the SU background stamp, Sanded, and stamped it on the patterned paper with Brilliance Galaxy Gold ink.
The blue on the butterfly wings is accentuated with blue cellophane, the kind you'd use to wrap a basket. It gives a wonderful sheen and sparkle. I used colored pencils and a sparkle gel pen, and made the flowers with rhinestones for just a bit of bling. The image is cut and matted with a Spellbinders die, and the card is scalloped with a border punch.
A508 ASTM Specification for Quenched and Tempered Vacuum-Treated Carbon and Alloy Steel Forgings for Pressure Vessels.
VG: That could well be a line from another Tim Love poem. And I’d love to know why the opening stanza is different now - I prefer the original - or at least, the one in the collection. Not sure why. But what made you change it?
The condition of the 302 women hunger strikers has been deteriorating steadily. Two of the 35 men strikers have been afflicted with viral fever and have been isolated from the rest of the group for fear of any contagion among others. The following women have collapsed and removed to the nearby hospital:
With the huge popularity of games on Android and the convenience of direct carrier billing in Korea, we expect to see a jump in game purchases and downloads in the weeks ahead. For game developers worldwide, it’s “game on” in Korea!
10:00 pm-Lights out for me. Now that the day is done I can look on the bright side…tomorrow is Taco Tuesday and thankfully not another manic Monday!
And you talk about anything.
1 c coffee
The incident has caused outrage in the Chinese student community across the country and Xuan’s initial post was re-tweeted more than 10,000 times. Thousands of Chinese students have expressed their disgust online.
I realised
You need not look further than the large green trashcans that say “compost” to see that Little Big Burger shouts “Sustainable!” “Local!” Yet, they serve their burgers in paper bags instead of on trays.
What follows are a series of testimonials from people holding different positions in different circuses. Some people love their work and some people dislike it. However, everyone can agree that the life is exhilarating!
But I have to say, yoga is the one form of exercise I love best. First of all, you get it ALL in one sweet package: toning, weight loss, stretching, muscle building (when you lift weight — you lift your own weight!) For anyone who hasn’t tried it, trust me, it’s not “marshmallow.” You will sweat! (And I’m not even talking about Bikram or Hot Yoga — just doing regular yoga will give you an excellent workout!)
“And, as a result, only a few move in the right direction…
Doom and gloom are all around us. The war, the economy, political dissention, religious dissention. Seems you can’t turn around without someone telling you how horrifically tragic everything is. Some people are saying book sales are down – people won’t buy books when they can’t afford essentials. But they’re wrong. Readers will read regardless. Readers will read MORE to escape their own reality.
Sadly, many of the messages she gave me were echoed by other people in my family, by friends and even people at church. Where I have found myself lately in how I am pursuing health and wellness has been difficult. Because really, I don't know how to take my focus off what I look like and put it on what I am doing and the progress I am making regardless of what does or doesn't show up on the outside yet.
Jose's Top Ten
So, we pretty much *have* to assume that zombies are alive, since that makes the most sense. Now, if zombies are alive, they can be killed just like anybody else. Sure, they don’t feel pain, but pain is simply an alarm system alerting the brain to damage done to the body. Not feeling pain doesn’t mean you don’t suffer damage. The whole ‘must destroy the brain’ thing also plays in here: the brain doesn’t make the body work all on its own. The brain gives orders, yes, but it needs the things it’s ordering to be functional. It needs the heart, lungs, arteries, veins, muscles, joints, and so on to be functional enough to operate the complex machine that is the human body with sufficient skill to manage to bite somebody so it transmits the disease. If a zombie’s heart stops, it dies just as quickly as you or I would (well, perhaps marginally slower, but still). It doesn’t matter if its addled brain is still ordering the heart to beat; if the heart is busted, no amount of neural impulses will keep it running. If you apply the brakes when your brakes are out, you don’t stop, do you?
Brown Memorial Baptist Church
As a follow-up of the previous Siouxsie show in Milano, here is the 1984 appearance. By then the band was not a cult band playing small clubs but ready to play the bigger venues and the Teatro Tenda was the venue a band of a certain status used to play in town. The recording is very very good indeed, despite being a recording from nearly 30 years ago. To my point of view by 1985 the band stopped to be innovative and started to be a bit repetitive, so I guess this is somehow their peak. Enjoy! -ldb
Now here’s the biggest don’t. Don’t get precious! You really don’t know better than Gaynor Davies and Diane Kenwood about what Woman’s Weekly readers want. If their criticism hurts try stamping around the house for a bit till your fury wears off but if you want to sell your serial you’ll get straight back to your computer and work on their advice.
Will re-open on Dec 28th (Tuesday).
It was actually kind of fun to case someone else's card! The image I have used is CC Lula (yet another previously uninked TGF stamp I own). The main paper I have used is from October Afternoon and the little brown bits are from Simple Stories. The lace is some that I picked up while I was in Sydney recently. The seam binding ribbon and twine is from The Ribbon Girl. The buttons and brad are from my stash (I think Doodlebug and My Mind's Eye respectively). The flowers are from Prima. The sentiment I made using Doodlebug rub-ons. The tag and centre cloud square were cut with my Slice machine.
Instead, let’s talk about what’s here. What’s here is a shit-ton of blood. Seriously, I like horror movies, but The Passion of the Christ is bloodier than most. Christians, by and large, seem to like the bloody Jesus, too, since you won’t find too many films more passionately defended by the faithful.
So, TEST THE THIRD: What game moment made you rage quit? Let us know in the comments and get a shoutout on the Link Dead Gaming Podcast… and maybe a comforting hug.
I stamped out all the critters from the set and had lots of fun coloring them with copics. I used the roofs of the castle for party hats and stamped out a cupcake with Bake me a Cake. This card started with the idea of the dragon blowing fire at a candle and grew from there. I kept the background neutral so that the critters really stood out on the card.
Refrigerate at least for 4 hours. Overnight is best. Consume within 2 days.
1 tablespoon minced candied ginger
1245 Miles this year
Book Rating: 4 /5
God prepared the good works which we were to do before we even took a breath. That verse became so comforting to me when I realised that the things that had happened around me were not from pure misfortune. God places us where he wants us because he HAS PREPARED what we are to do for his glory. There is no need to fear for the future or to doubt your circumstances as God has built his will up around you.
2) Roll up each strip into a tight coil. Let uncoil slightly, and glue into a coiled circle shape using a small dab of Elmer's school glue. If necessary, use a paperclip to hold the glued end in place for a few minutes until the glue dries slightly.
I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly. Jn. 10:10
The rice is layered in 6 inches to provide sufficient room for the steam to reach all of the rice rather than just steam the outside. If the rice is stacked too high, the interior rice may not get sufficiently steamed.
Fifth, our Adina-Dollie is taking a little hiatus. No worries folks, she's doing fine, and the family is happy and healthy; she's just a gal with a whole lot on her plate right now. So she'll be popping by when she can, and she'll still be watching, and she WILL be back when the time is right!
I received this from one of the funniest, most thoughtful blogirl-friends I have ever had the pleasure of 'meeting'. She is Andi from here and I love her for so many reasons....the biggest one? She believes in my ability to make something out of this most delicious yarn.
Anyway .. Happy Easter everyone x
When you came to see me
Even failures or kitchen disasters of any kind, have taught me several good lessons...although I have to confess, it takes more than a day for me to get over the great sense of disappointment from any failed attempts.
And time is consciousness in the higher epiphany of the vertebrates
Short stories in this issue are written by Valerie Sirr, Niamh Boyce, Nuala Ni Conchuir, Meg Tuite and Michael J. Whelan, to name a few authors. Liam Duffy, Miceal Kearney, Honor Duff, Noel King, Libby Hart, Alan McMonagle, Clare Sawtell and Mary Melvin Geoghegan have poems included.
I can’t continue to ask my body to do things it is not capable of. I have to give it what it needs and take away what it doesn’t. It is silly of me to think that I have the ability to ski and keep up when I have done nothing to ensure that I can. It is ludicrous of me to think that it won’t ruin the time spent together with friends. It is outrageous that I don’t see what’s wrong.
I have been catchin up on the blog posts of adult urban fantasy author, Stacia Kane, and her last series of posts (Something in the Water? / Freedom of Speech / I'm Not a Reader) are about authors responding to negative reviews, how people review, and author reviews. The posts actually go a lot deeper than how I've summarised them and say a lot more, but at the very, very basic, that's what they're about. I highly recommend you go and check them out because they're so fascinating and interesting! I just love when authors write posts like this, it's such an eye opener.
This proposal is so contrary to the current paradigm, that die-hard materialists easily ridicule and dismiss it. But we should not forget the bishops of Galileo’s time who refused to look through his telescope because they knew his discovery was impossible.
“So many people voted for change and it hasn’t happened. They feel let down. The reason is that David Cameron’s change project for his party was skin deep.
He was dressed as a Samurai Warrior
A couple of weeks ago I went to a party at one of my friend’s house and while we were on the backyard enjoying the great afternoon while someone was grilling/barbecuing, some of them where smoking.
Consider not using eye contact at all. You can imagine what this is like by picturing a conversation between you and a group of friends over lunch. What if you spoke to these friends without meeting any of their eyes for the duration of your lunch? Those friends would think you were dishonest, deceptive, or, even worse, crazy.
I inherited a couple of Hallie's photo albums--the pictures show what a character she was, even as a girl. She often dressed as a man and hammed it up with cigars and wine bottles. She and her friends camped out and hung around in Enosberg Falls, Vermont. There are pictures of her with her sisters and brother and their mother, my great grandmother, who died before I was born. It was so good to see them as young people, and see how they lived. This picture of Hallie in her white dress inspired some of my "Victorian Cheek" note cards (above). Pictures in the older album inspired many other art pieces, including my "Ghosts of Christmases Past" ornaments.
Offices for case managers and other staff are in each living unit as well as a multi-purpose room.
I’m also realizing that I have a few things that I wanted to do which I can really start to take care of. There’s nothing stopping me from learning a few of the skills and I have a feeling I can knock a few of these off without too much thought. Some of the other things are slightly harder to set up, but I’m totally up for the challenge. After all, what’s the point of setting goals if they were all easy?
That's why they call it GAME-CHANGING, 'natch!
Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Put the cornstarch in a medium bowl. Whisking steadily, slowly pour in 1/2 cup of the milk, mixing until quite smooth. Whisk in the whole eggs and egg yolks, mixing again until smooth. Gradually whisk in the rest of the milk, the cream, salt, and nutmeg. Use immediately or refrigerate, covered, for up to one day. If using the next day, be sure to re-whisk.
“Nothing," I said. "I'm Ok."
The characters seemed to be real and I could actually see them right in front of me. Now thats what makes a good writer.
M.V.Centre for Diabetes, Koramangala Bangalore has been established to provide quality diabetes health care, that is in keeping with accepted international standards of excellence in this field. The goals of the institution are to achieve excellence in performance in patient care and to maintain high standards of professionalism in an environment of team spirit.
The further I sink down, the more I feel right beside him, feel how much, in spite of the differences, our ventures came together, in the unthought and the heartrending. The reason for Beckett’s critical silence after the war is perhaps best expressed when he ends a letter about van Velde: “I am no longer capable of writing about.” Such thought, such writing, is mere relation. The contradiction inherent in making such statements cannot go unnoticed: “To write is impossible but yet impossible enough”. There is also a need to speak. To Thomas MacGreevy he writes of his “feeling of helplessness ... and of speechlessness, and of restlessness also I think, before works of art”.
As for input: the first book's publication date was brought forward by almost seven months because of the Waterstone's Prize, so the cover had to be perfect first time (and I think it was). With the cover for book two, Changeling: Dark Moon, I was given the chance to make comments on what I thought of it.
Yesterday February 8th Google released Chrome 17 to the stable release channel. This update has patched twenty security holes and added new security features for added protection. Chrome will now scan executable files like .exe and .msi file types for threats.
Anna’s Birthday:
On the market – Ubiquitous. By far the best known of the St Austell range. If you prefer not to leave the house - the brewery has a decent online shop.
Have you started a new exercise regime this month?
The gibbon is the world’s best animal. Its natural habitat is tropical and subtropical rainforest, but this one is in someone’s letterbox:
and then go out and live in it!
Please message me with any questions or variations! These are so simple and can be made ahead or right before your meal. All can be frozen to be used at a later date (freeze for up to 6 weeks).
We can't do that now, as Nippit needs her turn out. If let Nippit out when Dammit is out she goes right for hind quarters. Just like the furious little Nippit she is.
I spent about two hours with my dad going over photos and I smiled the whole time. I felt like I was getting a better picture of my family and I loved every second of it (and yes, the was pun intended. Partially). I also got to see photos of myself I didn’t even know existed. There was one night in particular that I was going over our family photos by myself. I landed on the batch of me on my first birthday…
not going cold turkey and like Coffee drinks you can do
I cannot deny or confirm that what happened next may or may not have involved quickly ducking into a VIP party to meet him. Needless to say, I left having made the introduction and sent him a query within a couple of weeks…on my 40th birthday, figuring that turning the big 4-OMG had to have a silver lining. This is a prime example of why you should ALWAYS make a wish on your birthday, by the way!
The mood of the night started out on the serious side. The Thunder were nowhere in sight to do the friendly handshakes as the Derby Darlins were introduced by the Derby Darlins home announcer to the crowd on hand sitting along suicide row and in the arena stands. Then lo! the sound of the bagpipes of Big Bag followed by the roar of AC/DC Thunderstruck and the Thunder entered into the ring of combat miming their inner shark. Missing in action for the night on the Thunder bench included Rainblows Brite, and no Perky Set in sight.
Otherwise, I’m not sure exactly how Krog is approaching the interrogation, but I’m concerned that he might be trying to be a little too white hat about the whole thing. I told him the old saying, you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar…point being, maybe he should cover the Grimtotem guy with honey, then tie him down in one of those areas in the swamp that’s swarming with giant flies. That might get him talking a little faster.
10 Primobile
Am emptiness was found.
Summer Kay Lawson is a sweet, elderly woman who has lived her entire life on Loathsome Creek. As excited as an old woman can safely get, she will be celebrating her one hundredth birthday soon, and it is expected to be a huge event. People have been talking about it for months, and preparations have been going on for quite some time. The party will be held at the Loathsome Creek community center because over one thousand people have already accepted the invitation to attend. The entire community will be there because Summer is literally related to every single person who lives on the Creek. And she is loved by everyone, except for a few ex-husbands.
Richard Avedon (1 set of gelatin silver prints, 1971)
The rural farmers always said it happened to remind folks what Easter was about.
I’ll chip away at that stone until there is enough space for moss to gather, then I’ll let it go.
I take it all back. Now that I think about it, the test really only takes some rote memorization and little intelligence is required. Party on!
The following carrier fees apply to your domestic air travel:
“Nora...”
Remember this adorable couple? A little while ago, I was lucky to become part of a special group of the most creative and talented women I have met in a while. We share one common thread, our love for Prince Edward Island and a desire to showcase the talents that exist within it. We combined out passions to create a styled wedding shoot showcasing the beauty and uniqueness of our island. I was lucky to be the set designer.
And we find it really useful on occasions such as this
One night while I was Twittering I saw that Lisa tweeted something to Brad Meltzer. I jumped into the twit stream and asked Brad to Twitterduce me to Lisa. I don't know if he ever did but I did get a tweet from Lisa saying she would be doing signings in the Philly area in April. She suggested I come to one of those events.
From Come Monday by Mari Carr
-Rabindranath Tagore
I thrive on variety and am constantly looking forward to trying new forms of exercise, like that Saturday Aqua Zumba class I was excited to try a few weeks ago. I’m willing to give anything a try once, despite my size. Most of the time the limitations are only in my mind, and those times that I do find a physical limitation only serve as a future “to do” on my Fitness Bucket List. Exercise is a form of expression, it’s an outlet for stress, it’s a release. Through movement, I can become the person I’ve always known I am inside.
I said, “How do you spell this?”
I love that sometimes it is so cold it reminds me I am alive.
After a jolly time of some more blood taking and 'just lift your top up now sweetheart'** I had to go and deal with the car park paying machine...which involved having to block the main corridor of a hospital because clearly no-one realised people using mobility aids take up more room. Still snarking to myself I managed to hoist the scooter and got ready to dislocate my shoulder enough to be able to reach the ticket machine from the car. A very sweet old lady was in front of me getting quite stressed about the ticket machine. Which she'd broken. She'd also called for help, but there was no sign of it other than a growing queue of cars. Most of the drivers sat patiently realising what had happened and one or two male drivers appeared to squint at the machine and mumble in that practical man manner. The old ladies stress levels were visibly rising with every additional car, but it was the male driver right at the back of the queue who got out to scream and shout which seemed to finish her off. The helpful men went off to be helpful and intervene between the old lady and shouting man who continued to rant while the old lady reversed her car up and drove over the pavement to get around the barrier. At which point the security guards arrived and blamed me for breaking the machine!
The tools include a tiny razor to shave hairs, a miniature shovel-like device to scoop up wax, tweezer-like objects to scrape the inner ear and little cotton balls on sticks that are twirled inside the ear to tickle the skin.
12 And Hazael said, Why weepeth my lord? And he answered, Because I know the evil that thou wilt do unto the children of Israel: their strong holds wilt thou set on fire, and their young men wilt thou slay with the sword, and wilt dash their children, and rip up their women with child.
c) I love bright and bold colours!
Simplified, I'm the singer and Honey is the guitarist. I pretty much stick to vocals but I like to contribute the occasional easy-to-play part on an easy-to-play instrument... I'm no musician. Honey contributes more to the overall soundscape and always manages to create some very interesting sounds with guitars and general wizardry... not to mention some wonderful chord changes for me to write my vocal melodies over.
Let me repeat--minor depression, and little pit of despair. I'm working on it, it's transient, and I will be fine.
And this is reflected, I would argue, in the results. When people are bludgeoned into this living-of-life-to-avoid-conflict, sooner or later, you always see someone, somewhere, laboring under a commandment that they need to stop living life, or to live less life. So that someone else isn’t offended. Very often, the “someone else” doesn’t actually exist, and is thought about only as a hypothetical: “Take that American flag down, someone might find it offensive.”
No. Just no. I do not have faith that the sun will come up tomorrow. I know that it will. I cannot be 100% certain, because again, something could happen, but I still know. I do not have to be 100% certain to know things. If I have to 100% certain to know something, then we just cannot know anything, because we cannot be 100% certain of anything by some people’s definitions certainty. Right now, 2+2=4, but we could find out someday that 2+2=5. However, we all know that this will not happen, but we still cannot be 100% in that either.
The test for whether “Niagara's” use of “Silk Sandals” is “transformative,” then, is whether it “merely supersedes the objects of the original creation, or instead adds something new, with a further purpose or different character, altering the first with new expression, meaning, or message.” Campbell, 510 U.S.
A group of some good friends and I used to go geocaching quite religiously. When I would try to explain the object of geocaching to others - to follow coordinates to a specific location where others have hidden “treasure” (aka, usually a pill bottle with a log in it where you sign your name to prove you found the cache) and then keep an online profile recording all your finds – I always felt a little lame. Usually I would finish my increasingly polished spiel, and the person would squint their eyes a little and ask, “So, what’s the point?” I guess it’s one of those things that sounds stupider than it actually is. But geocaching makes perfect sense if it’s true that we like to look for things and find them, especially when they have some kind of value to us.
In the “olden days” the big way of getting films seen were festivals – most of which were in town halls, coffee shops and if you were lucky flea ridden, coke stained, half empty cinemas. But for those of you that have ever dreamed of making a movie. Those options were enough… getting your little film seen was a bonus.
1 saturday
As a choreographer of dance, my thoughts ran on an inner movie screen, piecing together, pairing steps, and gaining an overall perception of what I wanted to communicate. Sometimes it was an entire storyline, while other times a simple emotion like rage or envy, concern or wonder. I've even shown chaos--that's always fun.
Is not that I have not worked extra hours, but this time, the feeling is way much different from what I used to do. While working, it's still OK, but when I got to the car driving home, I was hoping that either the car or myself grew additional pair of wings!!! or suddenly, I can just accelerate and whooooooooofffffffff I am HOME!!! I can't wait to see Princess at home and I was kind of worry of her with the helper!
the flames which i escaped
when we see no other options
You won’t find it at Merriam-Webster Online. It’s not in Webster’s Third New International Dictionary (Unabridged) either. MS Word is okay with it but Blogger's spell checker is not.
tossing messages
Liberally applied perfume or aftershave...I'm not sure which
One thing I can say, with this Job hiatus, I’ve definitely grown closer to my family. Often I tweet about them, as I tweet about everything (twitter.com/loconsoho)…My Great Aunt, who, when you talk to her, likes to perhaps talk about God a bit too much, but at 76, something’s you just excuse. Which she also never fails to mention “I’m 76 now baby, you have to check on me more”… lol as I grow older, I grow to love and accept my family for what they are, and all that they are; perhaps it’s not what I asked for, but it is what I was given… and I must live with that…
Within the expat community, which includes skilled professionals who come to work in another country on their own or those sent by their employer, many (the majority?) are not interested in integrating in the culture and prefer their own social circles, but there are also those who want to engage in social, political or other issues of public concern in their new home country.
I'll be very interested to hear what my readers feel could be appropriate solutions.
Demon Squad: Resurrection by Tim Marquitz -- 75 out of 173 (Finally making some progress. Should finish this very soon. Great series.)
4 wonder
Will you be queuing once again outside your local store for the midnight launch? Or are you less excited about the prospect of another Black Ops, preferring the Modern Warfare series instead?
My fondest memories during my childhood consisted of my father and I going to the main branch of our public library here in Lafayette and reading everything and anything I had interest in. At 10 years old, I was reading the works of Langston Hughes and Zora Neale Hurston. They quickly became my two favorite writers. As I progressed in age, I wish I was born during the Harlem Renaissance. I would be a poetess traveling and writing poems about the countries and the people who I visited to a Jazzy tune. The memories of my imagination also remind me of when I fell in love with Librarians and two in particular, who molded and shaped my life forever.
In the right corner in the photo below, you will also see 4 white boxes. Those are photo boxes from the craft store, Michael's, which I purchased on sale for only $2.50 each...(one of my future BIG projects!).
I adore just “looking” though, whether or not I buy anything.
Best Supp.Actress Helen Morgan, Show Boat (5 votes)
What I thought of the DJing: Excellent, and I really noticed the fun cortinas. Music for the milongas was of course all in tandas, put together at a professional level, and the cortinas were all great, calm-and-happy music - I loved Melina's British folk songs, and the switch to Queen later in the evening. DJing for the practicas was not in tandas, it was chosen for practice instead. The only departure from purely traditional music was Enrico's bizarre substitute for La Cumparsita, which was decidedly spaced-out, but might have had 'Abrazos' in the title, and I didn't care because I honestly couldn't move another step anyway and had already opened my mouth to tell my partner so. The full line up (with links to their websites rather than the Abrazos page) was:
cold stone
“Things are hard now but you are being refined…through the fire you’ll come out a precious stone, a refined diamond, a fierce sapphire.”
I am not jealous. They were simply meant to be together. Amalia is finally being treated like a lady and I get to keep her in my life.
* David Gochfeld (the Maestro): in the group, he sings with what I consider to be a very pleasant crooning voice and plays the ukulele…and speaks with either a very funny foreign accent or speech impediment or a combination of the two. (Or maybe it’s just the beret that creates that illusion) He also acts outside the clown universe with many indie theatre companies, notably several productions with Stolen Chair. I got to act alongside him in Ian W. Hill’s Spacemen from Space, and he played mandolin in my recent performance of Jasper Jaxon. He’s also a terrific photographer, whose work has made it into just about every newspaper and magazine in New York (at least the ones that cover theatre; I don’t think he’s placed any pictures in Motor Trend).
16. Eighty-Four Hours
And as I am likely to do, I walked right into the middle of a big ol' something.
RB: Vick Ballard, Mississippi State
Something for me to keep in mind: Avoid Hubris. Never forget the ease with which the weight comes back, the difficulty in losing it, and the inherent fallibility of the human nature.
The flower is another handmade one, where I took a thin strip of fabric, folded it in half along the length before make even snips into the folded edge. I rolled the strip into a coil, applied glue and it was good to go.
Pete's back and spotted an ambandoned building we don't normally have access to. Cue a fun shoot where where we both wander through nettles and have fun working with some great backdrops. One of us also had a similar experience to Winnie the Pooh:
So, both of us shoe-less, run out of her door, to find the Bristol City Marching Band ...well.... marching and bag-piping down her street!
And here’s the Wall Street Journal’s somewhat half-hearted response to the allegations. In it, they deny any wrong doing, point the finger at the whistleblower if there was any wrongdoing, firmly asserting that the scam was above board, but also that they’re ending it because it appears to be cockeyed. Nothing like covering all your bases. We didn’t do anything wrong, even if it really looks like we did, and if we did, it wasn’t us, it was the guy over here who we fired in January, and we only kept things going until someone else found out about it and it looked bad. But it’s okay now because we’ve stopped it. It’s all good. You can trust us, we’re the Wall Street Journal!
After Genhiz Khan had been proclaimed ruler of all Mongols in 1206, the empire grew, not through peace and prosperity within their own ranks, but through the murderous invasion and rape of millions of people from other nations.
Blend the oil and water and add lecithin. Continue blending until it resembles a soft margarine. Add some turmeric if you want to make it yellow.
I have a father, I don’t know, and I have a Dad that raised me. These are physically two different men. A choice my mother made.
Now, after 6 years of working in the Corporate world, he has decided to come back out to not only serve the society again but to share the knowledge, values, and expertise that he learned and mastered in the fields of Corporate, Communications, and Professional Excellence training. The world will have a chance, once again, to hear it from the early mid-2000′s premier youth leader and academic excellence guru and learn the following from him:
Today’s blog is a message for ‘managers’ and ‘leaders’. Some of your rules are stupid! They are causing frustrating interactions for your customers. Some of the rules you have put in place are broken! Your job as a manager is to remove obstacles and barriers for your team.
Gary lives in Alabama with his wonderful wife and their three gorgeous children. He started out taking pictures for fun and his love of the art form has blossomed into a successful photography business aptly named Gary Franklin Photography.
Those Covenant believers and congregations that do celebrate the Feasts and study the roots of the Tree of Life, discover great truths and blessings. They more clearly recognize Yahwey’s faithfulness and that “they do not support the root, but the root supports them.” (Romans 11:18) .
"It's never your fault," Mr Hollande responded, to which Mr Sarkozy said: "It's a lie, it's a lie!"
I’ve discovered there is a fine art to berry picking. The blueberries
I wish she'd tell me what "nootered" means though.
Over the last few years, the UK has been on something of a journey regarding cannabis. When I joined the police, it was a Class B drug under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 – this legislation governs our society’s approach to drugs to this day. In 2004 it was re-classified to a Class C drug on advise from the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs. However, it was re-classified in 2009 to Class B for what were described by the Chair of the Council, Professor David NUTT, as ‘political reasons’. He had previously described cannabis as “less harmful than alcohol or tobacco” but the re-classification decision went ahead, called for by some senior police officers and supported by the Home Secretary. This was despite the Council’s advice amidst a public debate which tried to link cannabis to the development of some psychotic conditions and longer-term mental health problems.
My daughter being a mouse (apparently) -
Colouring Medium - Prisma Pencils
There is an expression for this in English, it is called ‘giving the benefit of the doubt.’
Plato, like Kant, was reacting to contemporary currents of thought that he regarded as dangerous. He took seriously an epistemological problem that he thought was posed by Heraclitus’ doctrine of universal flux (Plato disregards Heraclitus’ view that “all things happen in accord with the divine Logos” and sets Heraclitus up as the materialist foil to Parmenides). In a world where nothing was eternal, unchanging and universal, knowledge with those qualities was also not possible: it had no object. To try to compose a description of an ever-fluxing world was like “shooting after flying game” (as Socrates says in the Theatetus). That sort of knowledge was a snapshot of a mere moment, quickly passed. Plato’s strategy for addressing this epistemological problem was metaphysical: identify the eternal, unchanging and universal object.
~When making a cake and the mixing is done, add a few tablespoons of holiday sprinkles (green and red for Christmas, pink and red for Valentine's day, etc) right to the batter - when the cake comes out there are cute little colors in it!
Use curriculum that can be reproduced.
Hello all! Hope your weekend was great! I feel like it has been forever since I blogged... if you saw my workshop you would understand! I have been working on some really fun projects for clients. The past few weekends, I snapped a few photos of what's been going on at the shoppe.
Canada and especially SK are notoriously high emitters per capita.
And also it's more fun to pack bags of tomatoes into a freezer during the sweaty hot months of August and September than it is to stand over, say, a giant boiling pot of water for an entire day while watching the boob sweat expand to cover my entire body.
Berry Amore is one off my favorite blushes from Milani. Its a good quality blush that is very affordable and it gives such a gorgeous glow to the cheeks. It has a silky smooth application that leaves your face looking healthy and glowy.
Who has inspired and supported her son in exploring and living in the wilderness for long periods of time, in learning to play the guitar, kayaking and hiking, in watching basketball and having long conversations about it, in driving him anywhere he needs to go, whenever he needs to go, to doing a little gardening together, and countless other things. Who says “Yes!” when invited to backpack and camp, because she is so happy that he wants to do that with her, even if she really does prefer to sleep indoors.
BG: Yeah, so Gary calls him Newley, Tim looked mad, like he does when Gary talks to him like that, but he stopped talking. So Gary passes the bottle to him and says, “Take a swig, Newley.” That’s what we did once something was settled. And Tim takes a swig and hands it to me and I pretend that there’s a hair or something on it so I can wipe it without seeming like I don’t want anybody’s germs before I take a swig myself. But nobody was looking at me anyway. Nobody ever does. I let it splash against my mouth but I didn’t let any go in my mouth. It tastes awful. Then I passed it to Dave.
Light — let’s call it love, because that’s what we’re really talking about here — passing from one person to another is no different in cause and effect, but you may want to initiate it by focusing on someone. When you do, instantaneously the vibrations in your thoughts and feelings reach that person. The energy flows from you along your thought form of intent and intensity, and the same measure of love that you sent goes directly to the “energy address” you want it to. There can be no “false addresses” because the intent and feelings are totally clear. The receiver won’t consciously know this, of course, but the receiver’s soul is aware of the “delivery.”
Here was my moment…my chance. I decided to just say it. Just put it out there. Say it…and brace for rejection. Here it goes. Okay. Ready now.
God roars through His Prophets… out of Zion (the Church)… God speaks through men… Amos was a layman… He could speak honestly and forcefully about what God was saying. If he had been a theologian, God would have by-passed him. Why… because he would have relied on his own wisdom and his own opinions. God is going to roar through men and women like Amos… the layman… our nation’s leaders are not listening to the preachers today. Just wait… The laymen are coming who will speak like Stephen, and the politicians will not be able to resist the Holy Ghost that is in them. Today, people prophesy in the churches the word that they should be prophesying on the Capitol steps. Believers are hearing what God is saying, but the politicians are not. The politicians are not in the church. The prophets are prophesying in the wrong places. They need to testify
When we landed it was the craziest thing. I don't think I've exited a normal 747 onto the tarmac before, and I know for sure I've never waited for customs and baggage claim in a giant open air shed before. And I liked it! So did Landry. :)
I refuse to spend a great deal of time in a country and cannot speak the basics, especially having my 9 1/2 year old son. I mean look at the letter to symbol ratio! Lord help me!! My Bucket List seems to be getting the best of me for real! I have a lot on their but I can do it…. ( i hope – i guess ) LOL
I was roused from my knitting when I heard yelling outside the bus and the driver came to a screeching halt. Outside, at the bus stop were three people wearing their bedding. Yes, they were wearing their bedding. Two men in their pajamas wrapped up in blankets and a woman in her nightgown wrapped up in a quilt.
We also want to thank everyone for the support and prayers in our behalf. We couldn't have done it without you! We love you all!
Alexis de Tocqueville, a young French philosopher of the last century, came to our shores to discover what magical quality enabled a handful of people to defeat the mighty British Empire twice in 35 years. He looked for the greatness of America in her fertile soil, her limitless forests and natural resources. He examined America's schools, her Congress and her unique Constitution without fully understanding the source of America's strength.
If you decided to enter please visit the link below and be sure to read "the rules of engagement" so your entry counts.
I am an incest survivor.
Then we drove home and went to pizza with Grandma, Papa, Ava and Grant (and Randy because he worked all day). It was delicious, and Finn was so good the entire time!
We'll also have some extra guests this month from the Brewpub and Brewery Operations class.
"Conquer Me" by Blues Traveler
I can't stand the word brat in general. While I suppose I can picture what people are talking about when they use the word, I can honestly say that I don't use it myself. What upsets me about the term brat bans is how the word brat is being used as a substitute for the word child. That is unfair.
Where can people learn more about your books?
Today, the mechanic comes into the waiting room and tells me that my Wiznut Gasket access door is missing. He asks if I want it replaced. A tiny little trickle of logical thought wanders into my mind and a little voice (voice of Clint Eastwood from the Dirty Harry movies…) whispers to me that there is no way that someone would actually call an actual automotive device a WIZNUT anything……
HENRY JAGLOM: Orson sat me down at lunch one day. I was upset cause I was running out of time and money on a film. He looked at me and said, 'The enemy of art is the absence of limitations.' Which means, if you have all the time and money in the world, you're gonna create something that's limited. But if you're forced to create while looking for solutions you'll break through those limitations. And from that day on, that ideal has been my mantra.
I suppose this trend isn’t unique to science fiction – most stories in any genre end happily somehow. They might be troubled victories, but the protagonist seldom loses, seldom sees his plans thwarted, seldom finds his efforts futile. I guess, on some level, we all like to think that the happy ending is out there for all of us, no matter how terrible things look. Alien brain slugs might be eating our neighbors, but we, dammit, are going to find a way to survive.
I love computers. Except when they make me seasick.
As Dan Hannan would probably say, “That’s another fine mess the EU control freaks have got us into”. But bearing in mind the revelations discussed throughout this week here, one wonders what illiberal, anti-democratic trick they will now dream up to declare the vote null and void?
It is with a heavy heart that I sign off from my blog. I started my blog as a way to vent at the hypocrisy of the world and it became instead my little project to which I looked forward to adding every evening. Through my blog, I have been able to express how I've felt about many topics, and I've learnt a lot on the way. However, my blog has slowly been taking over my life and that was never the intent. I have two wonderful teenagers to raise and I feel that I need to concentrate on that for the next few years. Who knows, maybe one day I'll be back.
I have had to make some difficult decisions – which in the end, are not difficult at all.
Now, because Rodriguez can no longer receive federal aid, she won’t be eligible for the part-time job she has on campus, which is paid through work study.
If at first you don’t get a bunch of followers, don’t fret. It will take some time and some work on your part but the rewards will pay off with repeat customers, new customers, and a new look at your business from the eyes of your customers.
Melissa W: What is your favorite line, passage, chapter from this book?
The first 6 days I wrote pretty consistently. I was a bit under the daily average, but still, not that far off the mark. After day 6 I was stuck. I reached the end of the first section and couldn’t transition into the middle section. So I took a week off. I didn’t intend to take a week off, but with family and work that’s how it happened. I spent a lot of my free time hanging out with Melissa and working on photographs. Some Ikea furniture assembly. You get the picture.
I guess I don’t like my work.
This is perhaps an even better question than the recent one in Salon Magazine inquiring about the lack of heroic characters on Television.
The liberated person is all but indifferent from any form of attack on her image. She has discovered her true self and identifies with no image. This is the only place of sustainable and tangible safety. She is always safe and secure.
or on
I can't wait until that day where the very one I've lived for always will wipe away the sorrow that I've faced
I keep a small stash of cars for activities like this, since all the play cars seem to disappear just when I need them the most.
Now go rent the movie version of Hamlet (1991) starring Mel Gibson and suddenly all of the power of the play comes alive. Glenn Close stars as his mother and Ophelia is played with tragic perfection by Helena Bonham Carter. There are the monologues, the fights, the almost loves. And the ghost. Who can forget the ghost?
It's me!
5. Stamps
11pm - Oak Street Blues
“Aaaahhh… ssshaahh… so good…”
They are there, cheering you on, pushing you harder, walking with you when you need it, sometimes even carrying you.
R2-3- sc in each (6)
2. Tomorrow we are looking at seven houses. Maybe we'll like one or two of them.
Meryl Streep, Julie & Julia
Yuri.
Down at the reserve we’re very excited to have two European Storks who’ve just arrived from Pensthorpe in Norfolk. They’re a breeding pair who’ve just come of age. They’re getting used to their new home and will be out in the reserve for visitors to see in a couple of weeks.
For those of us that do have DID, let’s think about these very thoughts and concerns for a bit. Let us suppose, for just a moment, that we are subconsciously faking it for some reason for which we can’t imagine. I say “subconsciously” because most of us with DID that do say these things to ourself and our therapist don’t feel like it would be something we did on purpose. We just think we’ve gone crazy and this has just happened. But let’s just consider the subconsciously faking it possibility for a minute.
Due to all Assassin HTPC’s being custom built and extensive 88 point quality tests being performed the product usually ships in 7-10 business days…. Read More >>
Once we get over the daily cable chewing and mouse hand pouncing, things settle down and we get on with it.
I am not anti-txt messaging ok, however, my name is also not Ron Textall either. Me and my buddies text message each other all the time.
All intense beers are not created equally. Beer geeks love big beers because they do have intense flavors, yet finding the right balance is tricky. It's easy to make a good IPA; hard to make an exceptional one. I've now had two bottles on separate evenings, and my reaction was the same both times--the second the beer hits my tongue, it seems like a fully realized, perfectly harmonious beer. I can't call it a classic after just two bottles, but if I keep having that same reaction, Inversion will definitely be due for an upgrade.
to hold the hand inside you in a sun-setting dark
over, shaving potatoes sobbing by the kitchen sink.
Yes, this statement will get some laughs. Why should we support a company just because it is from our native land? Why shouldn’t we try to knock it down even further when it delays new features? Well, the Canadian Pension Plan (CPP) owns approximately two million shares of RIM, which effectively means that every single Canadian citizen has a stake in the company. In essence, if RIM fails, we (Canadians) all lose something. Whether it means our CPP would be reduced is a bit of a stretch, but more realistically, it would lead to other cost-cutting measures so that the government could recoup the loses felt by a possible RIM fail.
morning to have
The Hebrew Scriptures are very clear that promises are to be carried out. Jesus reiterated that principle and took it a step farther. He basically said, don't make promises you can't keep. Let your yes be yes and your no be no (based on Matthew 5:34-37).
this the family of the little boy? Two days after this
She says, "A hundred dollars."
red darling!
Have you had professional photos taken for press purposes or book jackets? Did you go to a photographer who specialized in this sort of photography, a regular portait photographer, or someone else? Do you have a press kit assembled to send out for publicity and other purposes?
Although the skirt was still $99.00 on sale (regular price $149.00 - gulp), it was an extra 30% off on top of that...and I like spending birthday money on stuff I wouldn't normally buy for myself. The skirt is called the "Ella" skirt and the colour is "mushroom." (I love mushrooms). It's going to get a lot of wear in the warmer months, but it was nice to be able to wear it during a snowy day. It's even polyester, so I'll be able to wash it (a good thing with that light colour!).
1/2 tsp thyme
A church that preaches homophobia is an enemy to God, provided we believe that God wants to be known by us. We must reclaim God’s gifts to us, for without them, we will never truly know how to know God. Until we have seen beauty in the world, we cannot understand the world. The stoic masculine ideal sees beauty only as a means to sexual gratification. I tell you, having experienced true feeling, that there is beauty in all things deep within. Sadly, we have been blinded to this sight, this sight of the ubiquity of beauty. Dig for it, find it, and you will have found the seed and soul of personhood.
Moriarty plunders the writings of philosophers, poets and mystics to reiterate this. On page 215 of Invoking Ireland he quotes Jacob Boehme: “In man is all whatsoever the sun shines upon and heavens contains, also hell and all the deeps.”
Stir in the olive oil and pour the mixture into a small dry pan. Heat until the mixture just begins to fry and then pour in the wine. Stir and allow the wine to reduce by about a half. Lower the heat and stir in the honey and mustard. Either keep the sauce warm or chill and reheat later.
I've used everything from one-quart, locking-lid MSR stainless steel and/or titanium pots, to large-capacity metal enamelware mugs and old tin cans to cook in. Today, for my "go-to-war" kit, I've limited it to a large stainless steel mug. It cooks up just enough to keep me well-fueled for moving cross-country in alpine terrain, regardless of weather conditions, and it weighs less than half of what a one-quart MSR pot does.
I—Identify your audience. If you are writing a devotional about raising children as a single mom, don’t submit it to a senior citizens magazine. Know who you are writing for.
Schedule homework reminders on a weekly basis,
Miss Martha Stewart doesn't disappoint. I chose Feldspar MSL131 and Persimmon Red MSL015. These 2 colors are so darn cute together. I cannot wait to show you once the room is done. I will probably want to sleep in that room. As much as I love my hubby I can spend all day all night crafting away.
Winter flowers are blooming - these little white violets are some of my favorites - the purple violets haven't started yet. There were snowdrops (despite no snow), but my photo of them was too blurry. I'll try again tomorrow.
There was no anger, no explosion, no self pity.
I am putting a list of the DT MEMBERS that are showcasing projects today
Fratchy - Quarrelsome, cantankerous, obstinate.
Oh hello, Monday. Good to see you! It's another week, and there's plenty o' fun in blog land! Before I get to that, a massive thanks to everyone who took the time to respond to last Friday's post. Some really interesting thoughts and opinions there.
like a knife
Oh good: then what? I know.
Mom: “What do you want to watch?”
I am overjoyed at making the Moxxie design team and I am SO excited to show you my first layout with their products, that I'm not going to wait any longer.
it near to God.
Prior to Toby Tiangco’s Senate appearance, House Majority Leader Neptali Gonzales III reportedly threatened to expel the Navotas solon. Sought for reaction on Tiangco’s revelations, Gonzales said, “I just want him to dye.”
They've found some more astronomical calculations by the Mayans, which were the basis for the Mayan Calendar. Apparently, these calculations predict the position of the moon to years way past the current projected end of the world this year.
S: What about some of the hard to reach communities within the jungle?
After a brutal attack left him without a limb and his team dead, former Green Beret Haytham “Hawk” Wilson is angry at life and God. Bitter, he pushes everyone out of his life. Every day he relives his decision to send the Afghan boy home rather than following orders to kill any who came upon his hidden team. So when on his deathbed at age 36, eaten alive by grief and regret, he’s offered the chance to relive any seven hours, Hawk is determined to go back, kill the boy, and save his team. The decision is simple . . . until he gets there.
Andrew Garfield stars as Parker, Emma Stone assumes the role of Gwen Stacy, while Rhys Ifans plays Dr. Curt Connors A.K.A. The Lizard.
Jill chuckles softly and said, "good."
Now, the young lady in question is not criminal--not even close. She isn't pregnant nor has she ever been. No drugs, no booze.
In December, I saw that a St Vincent de Paul was moving into the old World Market location in Western Hills. I’ve shed many a bitter tear that World Market has left Cincinnati, but if the trade off was an enormous thrift store, then I’m over it. I couldn’t wait for its opening this month.
The Moron :
Nevertheless, I had to go to YouTube rehab school. Seriously, I could not get to my channel until I watched a video and then took a test. I failed the test 4 times. Evidently the "write in" answer, "Go fuck yourself" was not what they were looking for!
I can never get enough of lilacs when they are in season...I just love them so much! But, sadly, they do not last long. I do have a Miss Kim lilac bush that always blooms later than the traditional lilac bushes, so at least I will get a whole new bunch of fragrant blooms again here in a few weeks!!
Crime blights British cities. Along with burglary and car crime, gang culture is now established in these cities with rival gangs engaged in permanent war in addition to brutal street battles between Asian, Black and Eastern European gangs to establish who controls the flow of drugs to British people - children and teenagers as well as adults - and such gang wars are an ongoing occurrence. Knife crime in the capital city of London claims teenager after teenager with no sign that the underlying cause will ever be acknowledged never mind addressed.
…During the party, at which the sport coat-clad group led a sing-along of the Star Spangled Banner, some guests began taunting them, hurling epithets like “faggot” and “homo.” One guest, whom Dawydiak identified as the son of a prominent pediatrician and a Sacred Heart alum, apparently led the jeering.- - - - - - - - - -
On Monday and Tuesday this week, a horde of extremely smart people (and I) will gather to discuss solar power. More specifically: “The Southwest’s future as a solar superpower.”
1 cite
So anyway, if the editors are agreeable that the historically Singaporean focus early on in E@L's blog, particularly in its early incarnation, Expat-at-large, back when all things Singaporean irritated him, qualify him, they might, just might, let him onto the list, and ye who search for blogs from this region might find E@L and send his stats way up there... to somewhere just below Xiaxue...
As much as we walk up and down the stairs, the paint on the spindles was constantly chipping from wear and tear. So I decided to strip the paint and give it a ceruse wood finish.
There, I promise you that this will cover everything for at least the next week (if not month)
If you attended either of these meetings, did you learn helpful information to put to use in your own food storage plan? What questions would you have asked if you didn't attend the meetings but wanted to?
9am after great breakfast were back on site and worked another full hard shift in great spirits having beaten Russ at the bar room challenge.
Smart woman was, in a society where you can keep yourself as anything silly.
“On this list is the order your days of birth. The order of which, you will enter the Forest. I will call the names out, but first enjoy your coming of age feast!”
While the decision doesn't have to be made today or tomorrow...it will be made in the near future.
"Did you hear about the Passion Pit show next week?" I'd ask him. He'd just look at me, puzzled.
I am equal parts mortified and amused. But not so mortified that I'm not totally going to rock this little cardigan (in the day time) all the time.
Level 7: MP Cost: 24, Duration: 70 seconds.
Just wanted to share my recent attempt at the challenge from "The Colour Room", palette # 73. This weeks colours are just devine and to have a fantastic example to help you get inspired what more can I say then, Lets get started!!!
I really don't remember if I had any or not. If I did, it was to reach my goal weight. I didn't get to 150 pounds, but I didn't gain weight either. Sure, I saw 157.4 pounds and right now I'm 166.6 pounds, but I still managed to keep my weight loss at 120 pounds. Pretty awesome.
Except I didn't eat any collards. Not a fan.
My wife has a friendship ring that come straight from a heart of prayer and straight from heaven as a gift from God. I have a home that technically I should never have received. I have a job that is all me. Are these things markers?
Radiant warmers are frequently used in delivery rooms and neonatal care units when open access and external heat are simultaneously required.
Her doctor explained to us that medically she was a miracle, but it was the technical aspect of her tiny size that got her in the end. Her tiny veins were as thin as tissue paper and the fluids that she was being given leaked out of her veins. This fluid then pooled around her heart. Eventually her heart could not pump and that is when she went into distress. This distress caused the blood vessels in her lungs to burst and we were told the same probably happened in her brain. She was just so small her body could not handle that type of stress. We could not be more proud of our little girl. She fought so hard to live and never once gave up.
Such a form of arguing seems to imply that there's a right and a wrong way to see these things. Now I can understand the desire to at least try to 'get right' what someone is trying to say before disagreeing with it. But I think its often subtly implied that there's a right way, and its the OOO way, and those who have a different opinion simply just don't understand it yet. Firstly, until more texts are in the public domain, the logistics of 'understanding' remains a challenging endeavor, requiring the sifting through of blog posts over many months. But more pertinently, while there are virtues to 'getting right' what a person is saying or trying to say, I'm much more interested, as Deleuze would say, with putting a philosophy 'to work.' So if saying that I or other bloggers miss something is a way of saying maybe that we disagree, fine. But its kinda condescending to say that others keep misunderstanding things. Do you mean misunderstanding you, or the 'order of things', the 'way the world works'? I promise to not condescend to you if you don't condescend to me, but so far, it feels a bit like a oneway street. Can't we agree that its ok to disagree, and not everything is misunderstanding?
If any one has ideas as to how to get over this nonsense - leave a comment!
In music news on this date, Barbra Streisand's "The Way We Were" took over Number One in the States in '74. Sorry about that Tommy.
PetSmart:
Change up the traditional use of ribbon on a gift wrapped package by using twine instead. Choose a bright color to coordinate for any occasion. For a more masculine look, use jute.
A Long Fast Ride
We have a number of walnut trees at our new house, but there is this one in particular that grows huge walnuts. State Fair prize winner sized walnuts. I mean, look at that thing! In the past week, those green hulls have started cracking open, almost like flowers to reveal the walnuts inside of them. We’ve been having great fun collecting them, my youngest son and I. One of his favorite activities at school is the nut cracking activity and knowing that his teacher is always in need of walnuts, he runs out there to collect her a bag as often as he thinks of it.
I am the gate for the sheep.
joyful, mundane. this is not a saying-
What is interesting is how this is able to be justified. I mean I remember when I was young I used to work for my uncles and friends of the family doing labour stuff where they would basically get the young kids to “do the dirty work” Which is what you see in Fast Food places where there is a lot of young kids working there because they are able to afford working for cheap wages because they likely live at home, and this is somehow justified within the parameters that one must start out at the bottom and do the dirty work and work their way up. Because this is “how the world works” Where the entire employment structure is based on economic slavery. And no one seems to question it at all, but just assume that it is working or how it is supposed to be.
Ok, cut up the rug, literally.
I joined Costco today. I have always been a lover of Costco & after a quick (and incredibly nonscientific) facebook poll revealed that Costco was far superior to Sam's Club, I drove out and joined. Walking through the enormous garage entry doors, smelling that familiar (could be rubber tires) smell that is Costco, I felt at home. Ahhhhhhhh
Now the specter of world hunger is looming, with sharply rising basic food prices and unnecessary food shortages sparking food riots in places like Haiti and Egypt. Officials with the U.N.’s World Food Program (WFP) are alarmed. The WFP has put out an emergency appeal for more funds, saying another 100 million humans have been thrown into the desperate hunger pits.
why does little bear not wear clothes
“We’ll hear a play to-morrow,” says Hamlet to the players. Of course, he’d see the play as well as hear it, but “We’ll see and hear a play tomorrow” is far too clumsy a line for Shakespeare to write, and, given the choice between “see a play” and “hear a play”, Shakespeare opted, rather interestingly, for the latter. If an order of importance is to be established, hearing comes before seeing.
With the death of her adopted daughter, Princess Froggie, and the large decision to relocate the kingdom, our Queen has had quite a lengthy hiatus.
This is the kind of stadium the City Council has, running at a crippling loss.
The surrounding countryside can be seen much better than from a car. I like to see over the hedgerows and I do enjoy looking into peoples' gardens and farms. I can see so much more from a bus.
“I suppose you are real?” said the Rabbit. And then he wished he had not said it, for he thought the Skin Horse might be sensitive. But the Skin Horse only smiled.
I don’t care what anyone tells you: sitting at a computer for 8 hours is a major energy drain, particularly when you’re under the weather and a little tired to begin with. By the time I’d left work and walked/rode home (jumping over puddles as I went), I had about enough energy left to eat some string cheese, greek yogurt and vegetable chips (I should clarify, Mike was hanging out with a few guy friends and ate dinner/left before I got home) while watching last night’s episode of Castle followed by Thursday’s Parks and Rec. Eventually I scaled Mount Staircase and have since been sitting in my office catching up on my other love: Studio255 (my freelance stationery company). I cannot thank my clients enough for their patience while I finished up closing on the new house, painted and moved in. Hopefully things will balance out soon so I can keep Studio255 and getting the house in order both moving along nicely – ideally leaving me a few ‘spare’ minutes to get a vegetable garden up and running.
I chose Butterfly Melody and decided to team her up with our delicious new digi papers from the Floral Fantasy range which are available in 12x12, 6x6 and 6x6 monotone. I chose one of the papers and flipped it and added a new layer then copying the melody digi in JPG format, pasted this on top so its filled in white to colour. I used a pale colouring of mauve on her with blonde hair adding a little gem and added a sentiment then simply matted onto a base.
After eating her breakfast, she wiggled and wagged for me to let her go out and play for the day. She loves being outside and has plenty of things to explore in the yard.
-the above category with minimum $1,000 in debt for 1+ years
(Did I mention my birthday’s coming up?
Crisp beef,
II.
what you get. No one wants to know the truth.
and so I apologize for my disappearance off the inter-web-verse for the last while. it won't be ending anytime soon, either. I'll gain motivation someday soon to buy the very expensive parts necessary to fix our computer, but for now I'm content doing everything from my beloved iPhone.
all right, all right
Cookies and caraway cakes soaked in cider, fruits, nuts, pork dishes, turkey, eggnog, ginger tea, spiced cider, wassail, or lamb's wool (ale, sugar, nutmeg, roasted apples).
Why so little done?
Grape Man 2: “They put the car wash on it.”
I am with thee, and will bless thee. Gen. 26:24
1 banana, 2 scoops vanilla ice cream, 2 splashes milk, 2 squirts chocolate syrup, and blend
Television on
A Christmas Story ... TBS ... 4 AM
Along with writing the other books in the series, we will be writing a YA dystopia that we’re very excited about. It’s set in the future, where every person is implanted with a chip that allows them to augment reality. Of course, this also allows others to alter their reality.
And only real ones. We can write fictional or legendary ‘maybe’ wars, as in Rosemary Sutcliffe’s ‘The Eagle of the Ninth’, but real wars that people died in – no. There's perhaps a fair point there, in that such wars should never be trivialized or glorified – but why would a woman be more likely to do this than a man? No-one could read Louisa Young’s beautiful ‘My Dear, I Wanted To Tell You’ and fail to be moved by the truth and poignancy with which she conveys the real tragedy of war.
Hi friends! This Valentine's Day will be a bit sad for my little guy. The girl whom he has had a crush on for the past few years will be moving a few days before February 14th. From the moment she walked into his 1st Grade class, he has been quite smitten with this lovely brown haired beauty. They are friends and spent the first summer swimming, going to the ice cream shop, movies, riding bikes, going to the park, we rode the train back from NYC after seeing the Rockettes at Radio City Music Hall in the Christmas Spectacular. I made "Cupid's Pillow Cupcakes" last year as a Valentine surprise for the object of his affection and on and on it goes!
The wounded hart
In one 12-pack, we got 11 cans of orangeade plus one can of….
The most obvious example of this would be the attacks on the World Trade Centre in 2001, which killed approximately 3,000 people, but there are many others that serve to demonstrate that Muslim terrorism takes the mass infliction of such casualties as its core operating objective. The Bali nightclub bombing killed about 200 people, mainly tourists. The Madrid subway bombing had a similar death toll. Whether we look at the U.S. Embassy bombing in Kenya, the attacks on Bombay in 2008, the Beslan school attack in Russia in 2004, or the Baghdad church bombing in 2010, we see that the basic objective is always the same: kill as many civilians as possible, simultaneously damaging economically vital infrastructure if possible, in attempts to horrify the relevant governments into doing what one wants them to do.
March 5, 2012
Such results might influence the thinking of an objective observer primarily interested in doing right by the nation’s poor children. But they are unlikely to sway a politician focused on getting re-elected with the help of teachers unions.
The word "daphnomancy" comes from Daphne, who according to Greek legend was a woman Apollo turned into a laurel tree. The practice of daphnomancy originates in Greece, where laurel leaves from the Sacred Grove of Apollo were burned to predict the future. This practice was continued during the Roman Empire. Each emperor would plant a tree when they took the throne. Laurel leaves were also used in ancient Greece to crown winners of the Olympics, and in Rome to signify victory as well. Interestingly enough, this sacred grove of laurel trees supposedly withered when Nero died, and a long decline of emperors and Empire followed.
3 lbs pork
So that’s it! Cats! Incest! Russian whores! These are the interests of my viewers, as an utterly committed free marketeer, convinced of the steady, firm, sweaty grip of Adam’s invisible hand, I must now make sure my new content reflects these people’s demands. Anthropomorphic Russian lesbian incest ahoy!
Before you watch this video, also note that “one” supporter whacked the huge truck with his yellow t-shirt /cloth (harmful ? Threat ?) but immediately another supporter (bald chinese man) reprimanded and warned him and told the people to stay clear of the police vehicle. This shows that the rakyat still maintained their respect for the enforcement.
I am still holding strong at my pre-pregnancy weight. Haven't lost any more- so it sucks. I need to make time to work out...I have to stop making excuses- I am always so sleepy and so all over the place because of the working and life...but I can't complain about life making it take awhile- I just need to make sure I am here to HAVE a life...I am getting there...still...2 years later and I am not better off than I was before...
One by one
Thirty-six percent of those ages 18 to 25, and 40 percent of those ages 26 to 40, have at least one tattoo, according to a fall 2006 survey by the Pew Research Center.
8. Add spinach, Italian seasoning and soy sauce and cook till spinach is wilted.
so, here it is - my layout for this amazing and inspirational couple -
Then there’s the other fan: The football enthusiast. I love the game and get a real kick out of a good football match. And for me, the best football teams – the ones that stand out in their era – have always been the most stylish, regardless of trophies. If they can get success and play the way I like, then even better. I’ll get behind any side that tries to keep the ball on the ground, plays from the back and takes the attacking initiative. Well, almost any.
Voysey's The Savaric pattern is at once elegant and playful, magical and mysterious, featuring flocks of birds flying through a woodland by night. The trees arch gracefully against the evening sky.
The city of Port Chester, NY is a city where you will never go hungry. In Port Chester you can find anything from hole-in-the-wall South and Central American takeout to Brazilian rodizio to pizza places to Mario Batali-owned restaurants. That meant when it came time to celebrate Mom's big landmark birthday this year, it made sense to stay in the neighborhood. Last week we celebrated the birthday with friends (go two posts down for the cake). This week it was time for the family to really celebrate.
Redapple Education’s Skwirk has been placed on Education Services Australia (ESA) register of digital resource suppliers that will support the implementation of the new Australian Curriculum.
Well it's super late. We just had another Skype date because he text me and asked if I could get on to wish him goodnight. So cute. Again, he was hot and shirtless. I told him he's just so cute. He seemed to like that. I mean, who doesn't like to be told that they're cute, right? ;) Well, anyway.. heading to bed. Fingers crossed for this one, ok?
The horror of it! Since Mr Littlewood believes we could manage with fewer regulations a sensible person would conclude that his appointment was a modest but good thing. Apparently not.
The second thing that convinces John of this and comforts us is Jesus' names.
Total: 20 Minutes
it is officially SUMMER!!!!! ah bring on the sun, bbq's, pool time, god life doesn't get any sweeter
2. “negative and positive space with hands”
STARRING: Noomi Rapace, Michael Fassbender, Guy Pearce, Charlize Theron, Idris Elba, Logan Marshall-Green, Patrick Wilson, Rafe Spall
The idea of a marked treasure map was made popular in Robert Louis Stevenson’s book Treasure Island, published in 1883, but he wasn’t the first author to play with this concept. Thirty-four years earlier James Fenimore Cooper’s novel, The Sea Lions, begins with the death of a sailor who leaves behind ‘two old, dirty and ragged charts’, which lead to a location in the West Indies where pirates have buried treasure.
The DCTeacherTown Hall– hosted by WAMU’s Matt McCleskey – is designed to stir up conversation about education and the realities faced by local teachers.
presents to buy, and floors to sweep
Debt default and eurozone exit
However, just like any other commercial food product, it is important to check the ingredients- especially if you have multiple food allergies. You might think something labeled as "almond milk" is simply milk from almonds, and nothing more. But once you stop and think about it, you will soon realize that is simply not possible. Every commercial product must add compounds for stability during manufacturing, transport, shelf display, and ultimately, to keep it "fresh" once it gets to your kitchen.
1 heads
THANK YOU FOR STOPPING BY TODAY!!!
The “Other” side whom likes that control/manipulaton/greed etc…. that you all see as shackles or chains that you also feel you are “Serving”. Serve yourselves in a RESPONSIBLE loving caring wondrous ways and YOU release your OWN shackles and bindings from those whom you preceive to have hold of the rein or control. For if you “control” ones self there is of NO NEED for another to try to preceive control of another is needed. You simply do not end up crossing paths with those whom you see in these fashions.
VAN ZYL KOOS and RETHA, 64 and 66, 2010-01-07 MURDERED TORTURED ON MEATHOOKS, FARM POORTJIE STEYNRUST SENEKAL, FREE STATE.http://www.volksblad.com/Content/Suid-Afrika/Nuus/2114/22cb0da821d84605847d51694aaa05e3/09-01-2010-05-33/LUR_skryf_wrede_moorde_toe_aan_morele_verval_http://www.beeld.com/Content/Suid-Afrika/Nuus/1928/ef6ae0259840479d8107ebdd0f1d1a0f/09-01-2010-01-33/Vleishaak-aanval_Ontstelde_boere_ruk_op_by_hofverskyning
4. in another bowl, mix together all wet ingredients, except for the eggs
“They try that on me all the time,” the wolf crowed in triumph. “Now let’s get the rest of them. You go around the house that way, and I’ll take the side you hid on.”
Antidepressants aren’t that interesting, they are just the device in a battle of wills. It’s about control, over-powering the blight of personal sovereignty by those who feel personal sovereignty was stolen from them, and by the looks of things it was. But there has to be a way of reclaiming what’s yours without destroying the self-esteem of psychiatry’s willing guinea pigs as if their peace of mind is what’s wrong with this picture.
Oleander
He added that the presidential delegation included Vice- President Al-Haj Adam Yousif, Minister of the Presidency Bakry Hassan Salih, Presidential Assistant Nafie Ali Nafie, Defense Minister Abdel-Rahim Mohamed Hussein, Minister of the Council of Ministers Ahmed Saad and Presidential Assistant Abdul-Rahman Al- Sadiq Al Mahdi.
A few mullable Muggeridge Quotes:
I cannot fathom what these women's lives are like, but when confronted with their reality, I'm compelled to do something, and the one thing I can do is support them by purchasing their products. And I have to say I do have this bag and its the perfect size for carrying things back and forth to the car, it holds my Bible, Bible Study books and other necessary items most of the time. Please look at all the cute designs and consider purchasing these for gifts at Christmas. We all have people we need gifts for and your purchase will go to such a worthy cause!
I saw this punched bunny on Pinterest a while back and just loved the concept so I incorporated it on this card. I'm not thrilled with the colour combo, but when I used darker colours, it was bit too morbid for a spring card - thus the switch to pastels. Not my best card, but I got the sketch done....sorry Jen!
So what do you get? CD 1 kicks off with Little Boy Blues & the Blue Boys, Mick's first group (with Dick Taylor on guitar) first demo, recorded in Taylor's parents living room doing Jimmy Reed's On Your Way To School, followed by three tunes done a month later, all from the Chuck Berry song book- Johnny B Goode, Little Queenie and Beautiful Delilah. The liner notes credit Keith Richard with playing guitar, but it's more likely Dick Taylor and Bob Beckworth. There supposedly 12 tunes on the original tape, I'd imagine Scorpio is saving the rest of future volumes. The Stones first demo session in Oct. of '62, (the line-up is Mick, Keith, Brian and Ian Stewart with Dick Taylor on bass and Tony Chapman on drums) are heard doing an ultra crude run through of Bo Diddley's You Can't Judge A Book, two more tunes were cut that day--Jimmy Reed's Close Together and a tune called Soon Forgotten but they have never surfaced anywhere that I know of. The classic Rolling Stones line-up (Jagger/Richards/Jones/Wyman/Watts/Ian Stewart) recorded their first five song demo at Regent Sound on March 11, '63 (engineered by Glyn Johns who would go on to engineer many of their best 60's LP's) and it's presented here in its entirety, and in the best fidelity I've heard yet-- on Diddley Daddy, Bright Lights, Big City, Honey What's Wrong, Road Runner and I Want To Be Loved we hear the Stones' sound rapidly solidifying, they haven't masted the studio yet, but they have arrived at their sound-- no doubt.
Cory has a job! Hallelujah! And not only does he have a job, he has one that fits him perfectly. We couldn't have asked for more.
This was a series I hadn't read much about before starting it, I picked it up mainly because I'd enjoyed the Sazi series so much. And over the course of the series I grew to like it quite a bit - Celia is a smart character, which unfortunately sometimes seems a bit rare. How often do you find yourself thinking to a character "No! Don't do that you idiot! Don't go there without telling someone! Don't go in the dark basement with no flashlight!" etc. I didn't experience that with her - things just get totally messed up despite her doing her best to prevent it.
Believers are not building the kingdom of God on earth today. They are snatching brands from the coming fire before the day of salvation is finished (1 Cor. 9:19; 10:33; 2 Cor. 5:11, 18-21; 6:2; Jude 23). Today the “whole world lieth in wickedness” (1 John 5:19), and the devil is its god (2 Cor. 4:4). The apostles and prophets in the early churches (as described in the book of Acts and the Epistles) did not band together to accomplish grandiose social-justice projects; they did not pursue artsy activities; they did not try to save the earth; they preached the gospel and shined as lights in this dark world by their holy lives. Christ’s Great Commission emphasizes gospel preaching (Mat. 28:18-20; Mk. 16:15; Lk. 24:46-48; Acts 1:8). After Christ rose from the dead and as He was preparing them for His ascension, the disciples asked Him, “Lord, wilt thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel?” (Acts 1:6). Jesus’ reply is very instructive. He did not correct their understanding of the establishment of a literal kingdom of earth. He told that it was not time for that long-expected kingdom to be established and that our duty in this church age is to preach the gospel to the ends of the earth. “And he said unto them, It is not for you to know the times or the seasons, which the Father hath put in his own power. But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth” (Acts 1:7-8). After this, Christ ascended to Heaven and poured out the Holy Spirit upon the disciples to empower them for this great work. This commission of world evangelism will not be abrogated until church age saints are removed from this world and the Lord regenerates Israel and restores them to the front burner of His plan for the ages.
I’ve celebrated almost the same amount of Novembers in the spring than in autumn in my life. I’ve had some birthdays pregnant, and some more quiet than others. And it’s been a long time since I’ve celebrated with my mom our birthdays together.
If it is a beautiful day use the drive through and take the meal to the park and eat out side.
And so one dies oneself,
2. SOCIAL SECURITY: I do not care to hear anymore about what anyone “thinks” about social security or what “buzzwords” they have used to classify it. I don’t want to hear about what Mitt’s book or Rick’s book or Ron Paul’s imaginary friend has said about it. Say this:
Anyway, I ended up choosing this billboard and the original copy was “A&F Naughty or Nice?”. Now from that I can assume that this was put up in the winter season, but besides that… it’s just a guy touching his lip. They could at least include a stocking or a sexy santa hat or something. In reworking the billboard using Photoshop, I decided to take the saying “sex sells” to another level- lack of sex sells, which is basically the same thing but from the point of the consumer, who doesn’t have the “sexiness” that is so prominently displayed with this guys jaw bone and sculpted muscles. If people don’t have it, they want it and go buy it. With that in mind, I changed the under copy to say, “20% off Last Fall’s Boyfriends”. Why? Because all this ad is is a boy touching his lip, cute right? So it makes more sense that A&F is a boyfriend store than a clothing store. And I’m sure that a lot of girls would be thrilled if there was such thing as a boyfriend store, especially if this guy was for lease.
Allowing the victim to use a loan car temporarily, and paying their insurance excess of a few thousand rands, is about as much responsibility for the lapse that most dealerships are willing to take, almost always requiring the victims to dig into their own pockets for a similar new set of wheels.
As a disclaimer, obviously you never REALLY know what is going to happen in a circumstance like this, so if I get a whole bunch of donations and the whole thing falls through, I will donate every cent of it to a charity of our collective choice. It's a win-win situation either way, no?
I've just looked at property prices in UK, and am flabbergasted. France and Belgium have caught up, and even with the unfavourable exchange rate, UK prices are suddenly looking more attractive. For example, for the current value of my apartment here in Brussels, I could buy a 3-bedroom house with garden in somewhere like ... er ... Eastbourne.
we're still believing that God gave us this little man to take care of & love & He can still perfectly heal his little body. but no matter what, he is perfect to us.
I don't: My machine tells me.
Here's a nice white cast iron sink from Home Depot for $199...
Jan. 7 (Bloomberg) -- South Africa’s national schools pass rate dropped for a sixth consecutive year, condemning millions to a life of unemployment and fueling crime, even as the government ramped up spending on education.
Lawmakers knew none of this.
There is no unity without the separation
In cool, out warm…in cool, out warm.
tons of greens in a huge
In my experience - the .357 Magnum revolver would have been the killer’s weapon of choice, and also the weapon that inflicted the fatal gunshot wounds. In other words, the shots fired with the .22 rifle may have occurred after the initial fatal shots were fired.
Yikes! It's been 2 months since my last post. What on earth have I been doing since it's obviously not blogging.
proud because I usually eat when I am stressed.
So I'll do my best to start writing again.
No, I don’t think so either. Small, minute, even, but a little annoying. Moving on.
Today’s hike began with a half mile walk through the neighborhood to reach the trailhead on Lincoln Street (not visible on the map at the link provided, but our access was a little left (west) of what is shown there). Following along the edge of the creek on the Whatcom Creek Trail, Lower Gulch Trail and Waterline Trails until we reached the falls, then we turned around and headed back.
Eyes not seeing
I was taught never to believe a single word that is written in the papers, and nothing except what is written in the Icelandic Sagas ... Ugla also speaks words that clearly come straight from Halldór Laxness himself:
After wiping down the chalkboard, I played around on it a few minutes (it was getting pretty late at this point) but didn't like it so I got this little heart up. If I make a huge mess of the board with my experimental drawings and writings, I'll just wipe it off with a wet cloth and repeat the conditioning steps to have a clean-er surface to play around with.
When we had to move away, I was sad to leave all of our friends behind, and you were such a source of comfort to me. First, D helped us move a U-Haul truck of stuff up north. (Do you remember that crazy time? Our guys spent 8 hours driving to our rental house, 2 hours trying to get a key from the rental agent, and then 1 hour unloading the entire contents of the truck into the house itself. It was a wonder they made the plane to come home!) What a blessing his help was. And yours—A. was so little at the time, and B., and I was so grateful that you and D. could sacrifice that time to help us. Then when we moved, I was really lonely. Sometimes when you move, people fall out of your life—you probably know how this can happen. It’s hard to keep relationships going, and it’s a testament to you, Kim, that so many people stay in touch with you—you have lived so many places, and collected wonderful friendships everywhere along the way!
Covering an area of over 200 square kilometers Salinas Grandes (big salt flats) is vast. It is located at about 3,350m above sea level in the north west of Argentina.
Pour this marinade over the dried chicken wings and mix well, coating them as much as possible.
Total Weight Gain: Gained 7lbs!
Marking the 100th anniversary of the disaster, the two most famous films about the Titanic sinking have received the restoration and re-release treatment, albeit one of them on a much grander scale. The 1958 British production A Night to Remember, from director Roy Ward Baker, has been given a new digital restoration, receiving blu-ray treatment in North America courtesy of The Criterion Collection and a limited theatrical run in select cities in the United Kingdom. James Cameron’s Titanic, meanwhile, has been converted into 3D for a worldwide re-release. This revival of the world’s previous highest grossing film allows for re-evaluation on the part of its critics, re-familiarisation for its fans, and a chance for those who missed it on the big screen the first time round, like this writer, to see it through the means in which it most thrives, with or without 3D immersion.
Patients consecutively diagnosed with CFS (Fukuda criteria) were randomly assigned to intervention (n = 60) or usual treatment (n = 60) groups. HRQL was assessed at baseline and 12 months by the Medical Outcomes Study Short-Form questionnaire (SF-36). Secondary outcomes included functional capacity for activities of daily living measured by the Stanford Health Assessment Questionnaire (HAQ) and comorbidities.
Last week I shared some of my goals for my home in 2012. I couldn't have picked a better time to take it one room at a time - I've got a cold that's kicking my butt, so making dinner is considered a serious accomplishment.
That dark deep thoroughfare, had Nature lodged
….the answer? They print copies ‘to market demand’. A few self-generated orders wait a long time in the print queue. Add in: no marketing = no more demand = no need to print further copies.
I'm thrilled my day job is with Aviva Children's Services in Tucson, Arizona, where I write Life Books for kids in foster care. Life Books are scrapbook biographies, telling a child's story from the beginning to their present circumstance, and involve a lot of research and compassion.
Optional: one egg (egg makes it fluffier, no egg will give you a crunchier exterior)
And opening presents.
his neighbor may have over
of my meal. Across the table
Others I know about include Interface, Desso, Patagonia, P&G, Unilever, Natura, M&S, Seventh Generation, Ecover and Timberland.
I believe that these terrible upheavals are omens that the Earth, who bore the beautiful footprints of the All-Attractive, is now dispossessed and her fortune destroyed.
In one corner we have heavyweight champ, Express Men, who has woven shirts in a great assortment of colors that fit so well we had to mention it in a previous article. In the other corner we have Banana Republic’s new line of slim-fit stretch dress shirts that come in an assortment of colors and a fit that rivals Express.
I look round and see that a ­second group, maybe 15 strong, has sneaked around the back and blocked the exit. We’re surrounded, then the chanting starts. “They’re saying they’re ­going to stab us with their spears and smash our skulls with their clubs,” the interpreter says.
‘April is the cruellest month, breeding
With less sense than rabbits
1894 East Washington Avenue
Note: Their pouches are not BPA free. Salmon sold in pouches is “pouched” in Thailand and sourced in Alaska or Russia. In terms of contaminants, they should be pretty much the same, says one expert. (If Russian salmon is Atlantic and not Pacific salmon, however, avoid it. It could have grown up near a large nuclear sub base.)
Interspersed in the crowd were more children, being sticky and preventing any boobs. I still gave out a lot of beads though, because I believe in fun.
Somebody of you maybe will wait for the guest designers who will help us out in our designteam for the comming 3 month.
Guan Eng’s Attempt To Save Self From Embarrassment – Tee Siew Kiong – Wednesday, 22 February 2012 00:15
I re-started my Netflix this week (quite by accident, actually, but what's done is done). While I was sorting through the Instant Watch tab, I clicked on their Gay and Lesbian category. This is what they list in the sidebar:
The gift of my voice
For the guacamole I had to dig a bit. One of my friends from high school sent me his mother’s top-secret guacamole recipe a couple of years back. While I would love to share the recipe, it is not mine to share. All I will say is sour cream and Tabasco sauce = smooth guacamole with just the right amount of tongue tingling heat.
Now and then I check through the links in my sidebar under "Other Links to Explore" to make sure they are still working and also to see what's new within those sites. I was exploring the Reasons to Believe link and came across this very interesting set of photos, each of which features a brief summary about God's incredible creation and a link to a more detailed article. If the amazing discoveries of science fill you, as they do me, with wonder and awe at the intricacy and beauty of the universe, and you find the intersection of science and faith increasingly fascinating, I encourage you to click the link above and take a look.
Malcolm looked around for a high perch, something he could jump to and escape this mob, but there was nothing.
I noticed the same thing happening with films the first and only time I saw The Matrix. I didn't understand it. This in itself is nothing new. What was new was my complete disinterest in gaining any understanding. I realised that the plot had probably been worked out in scrupulous detail so that it made sense in some way but I frankly couldn't be bothered to find out because I suspect I would have been underwhelmed by the conclusion. I decided to watch it scene by scene as if it was a collection of pop videos,
Telling is a form of writing itself...
Supertramp Little bit UK
I smiled when I saw the side of the greenhouse, with its broken pots and the general garden detritus that we all accumulate. It looked somewhat out of place juxtaposed with a carefully mown lawn and an interesting wavy wall neatly planted at the base with iris and euphorbia. I later learned that the wall is known as a Serpentine or Crinkle Crankle Wall. Initially designed for planting of fruit trees and always built east-west it captures the suns rays.
~~About the book...
I am happy and just so excited to post the March Kit Tutorial using the Easter Blossoms and the beautiful Designer Series Papers Springtime Vintage. You will receive 4 cards and a 3-D step by step easy to follow instructions with pictures on how to make these projects.
UPDATE: I googled around a bit and it seems to be a compatibility issue between Internet Explorer and Blogger. You can leave comments if you select the Name/URL option:
My partner in crime is Moody whose IQ is slightly lower than mine (148 lower to be exact!) and although my one-liners are usually wasted on him…our field would be a much duller place without him.
I was glad she chose not to put 'Last Living Rose' at the end of the set, as I suspected it might be, because it makes me cry, and cry I did. Good to have some space to recover ... Sadly this whole episode will do very, very little to shift my obsession.
Everyday fights with your lover
Sony Bravia Kdl37w5500 TV Review
The main thing is to keep cool and stay safe while you celebrate the great nation that America still is! Our ideals are worth celebrating!
5) Do anything for a good photo op – even if it makes your child cry. Oh come on, everybody does that – don’t they?
So once again, I've covered my canvas in Gesso and cheesecloth and then sprayed it in glimmer mist and set about decorating it. The adorable Brother and Sister Tilda and Edwin stamp came out along with the Eiffel Tower (one of my favourites). I used these stamps as they reminded me of my Hubby and I when we were in Paris.
However, Borsten has to travel into the past to obtain the tools needed to pull this off. The Conglomerate has intel saying that with one more trip, Borsten will be able to complete his plans, purify the global water supply and destroy the soames standard, thus toppling the Conglomerate from controlling the US. Their plan is to stop Borsten by getting Hex back into the Needle, allowing him to use the time machine to return to the 1800's and destroy the machine in the process. They explain that they have a man inside the Needle that will help Hex, but the spy is unable to gain access to the time machine area, whereas Jonah is a 'one-man army'.
The relatively small amounts of capital held by banks in relation to the money they had lent was a major cause of the economic crisis, and of the state bailout of banks. Moves are already in place to increase the size of this capital, in the ‘Basel III’ reforms and the UK’s ‘Vicker’s report, with the latter advocating capital of 10%. These plans may not, however go far enough to prevent further crashes and bailouts, and the financial industry is lobbying for the least stringent measures it can get away with. Government needs to impose tough regulations on this front, to force a much higher level of stability on to the banking system.
For Baudrillard, ‘Counterfeit’ requires the presence of a unique original. Let’s take the example of Hems. He needed the original medieval objects which he used to inspire his workmen and even removed them from the places in which they were located into his workshop. We therefore assume that the medieval artefacts were ‘present’ in his workshop (though we cannot actually see them in the image above).
As it was a few days ago now I will have to look back on my stories in order to remember how much editing I needed. On Monday I think I didn’t need much done to my stories and only had a sentence changed in each story (although I needed a bit of hand-holding through the pack as I got a tad confused about what specifics to highlight). Tuesday, however was a bit of a stretch.
Alfonso Ponce Enrile, Alva J. Hill and Honorio Poblador, Jr. and Emiliano R. Navarro as amici curiae.
Eastern Cape health spokesperson said three infants and two adults had so far died from a lack of medical care caused by the public sector strike.
shan the enchantress
The Courier-Journal reported a week ago that five members of the Tolling Authority a 14 member group named by Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear, Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels and Louisville Mayor Jerry Abramson, have ties to The Build the Bridges Coalition through organizations that serve on the coalition’s board.
In various states of undress
Yes, I’m aware of all the TV and movie content on torrents, I guess I’m just saying in relative terms they haven’t been impacted the same way as music, and therefore haven’t felt the same imperatives to innovate.
My Best Fiend
Favorite Movie: The Devils Arithmetic
Sex ratio theory, in which mothers produce different proportions of males and females, has been a particularly fruitful area for applying inclusive fitness theory. So has “altruism”—suicidal honeybees are just one example. And so are parental care and aspects thereof, especially parent-offspring conflict, a field brought to life by Bob Trivers using inclusive fitness theory. How else can you explain weaning conflict except by a conflict between the mother’s genetic welfare and that of her offspring?
Philippians 1:27-28 (NLT)
Are they $8.00 well spent?
When Kai was about 18 months old, I got him a little stick and we would play street hockey in our driveway; I did the same for Kade. When we owned a house in TN we would sometimes play driveway hockey with some neighbors, and I would shoot a few tennis balls every day just to stay limbered up. About 5 years ago, the boys started to get more interested in the game and decided that they would like to take skating lessons. It was a gigantic fail, mostly because I was such an ass about it. They would go on the ice and struggle, and I would try to teach them how to skate like the wind, regardless of how unsure, frightened, uncomfortable, or apathetic they felt. It lasted three sessions, and then we had to quit for the sake of our sanity. They weren't ready, and I wasn't ready for them to not be ready.
Insanity… is this something you have a personal familiarity with?
This morning I came across "Some Rules for Students and Teachers" written by John Cage. I immediately got excited about a few of them. For example:
Love how the box scores look from the two games:
MH: I can attest that none of your characters are placed in easy situations and never with clearcut choices. Your German X-Men come about their powers through scientific means. How did your own scientific background working with Los Alamos National Laboratory and other research influence Bitter Seeds?
Connexin43 is part of a group of proteins that affected our circadian rhythm – the mechanism by which body processes crank up during daylight hours and slow down at night.
UPDATE 5/1:
We then get a flashback to Ah Jung and So Ran’s relationship of yesteryear and basically, Ah Jung was a messy woman only interested in her studies and her sunbae. She pined and studied with the hopes she would be with him in the end but after passing the second stage of her law exam, discovered that So Ran had stolen his heart instead. It’s all sad and stuff but back then, the sunbae didn’t look that great anyway or is it just me?
This is a great topic for astro101 classes. We can talk about reality compared to hollywood, about big numbers, big space, and how long odds can act up over long period of time. Two new articles add to the debate.
I was also so afraid it was going to fall over but it didn't.
Anyway, some time later, Se Na asks to meet Yi Gak and tells him that she wants to marry him. What made her decide at that minute it was time to marry, we will never know but I don’t care. I’m just glad the plot is moving along.
(image from Angel Therapy cards by Doreen Virtue)
Hello, Catherine…welcome back to reality..Haven’t seen you here in years!!!
06. The Wedding Song 1960
Words fail me.
Pectin Fiber, helps control hunger.
The thrill of the race still holds me. The energy from engaging in this sport with great people in a meaningful way is something I still find captivating. The feeling of a boat going fast and the sense of timing and ease of movement within the crew is incredibly and tantalizingly satisfying. These things I enjoy and look forward to. These things I will miss when I eventually stop rowing. Creating and working together towards a pure team performance is very cool and I love the sensation of crafting it and shaping it into something so repeatable and well understood within that it becomes a bond, a fuel source and a reason to dig deep. There are other things less enjoyable and these do rub and frustrate at times.
Mr Stott brought us a Woman
He finally considered all of these things, and having received a call from the Bodrum hamam boss where he worked last year, decided to take some time off from the Kusadasi job and explore the possibility of working at the hamam. He started there on Tuesday. The Kusadasi job was originally only temporary, but they had asked him to stay on. He wanted to keep his options open in case the hamam job didn't live up to his expectations. This evening he tells me that he will stay with the hamam and has informed the Kusadasi people that he won't be returning.
Although the Microsoft-B&N deal is surprising, the bookseller’s decision to spin off its Nook unit isn’t. Back in January, the company released a statement saying it was exploring the possibility of spinning off the operation so it could “unlock” the value of the Nook unit. In today’s statement, Barnes & Noble said that Newco is still a work in progress, adding that it can provide “no assurance that the review will result in a strategic separation or the creation of a standalone public company.”
♥~Giveaway ends 5/1 11:59 EST .
Kaotoxin Records is an up-and-coming French label specialising in extreme metal, and has already put out releases by bands like Brutal Truth, Gronibard, Lycanthrophy, Magrudergrind and many more. M3 contacted label manager Nico for an insight into independent distribution, and to discuss the definition of ‘art’ in the digital age, the pros and cons of copyright and the label’s history…
The women’s movement is also considering the avenues of seeking audience with the respective judicial officers including the chief justice to ensure that justice is delivered.
“…the time for them to understand the concept is yet to come…” Then why did God not just create humans with the ability to understand these concepts? So God wants us to believe and understand his word, but he doesn’t give us the mental capacity to do it? Doesn’t make much sense.
As we travel through our time here on earth, there are going to be storms that ravage our lives. Some will blow in fast without a lot of warning and unleash their fury immediately, like the sudden loss of a family member or close friend or an unexpected job loss. On the other hand, some of life’s trials will gather slowly letting you know they are on the way like the storm that announces its impending arrival with a low rumble of thunder that progressively builds as the storm clouds blow in on the growing winds. In a similar fashion, some of life’s storms vanish almost as quickly as they arrived while some trials seem to drag on endlessly making you wonder if the rain is ever going to stop. Finally, just as storms vary in their intensity and level of destruction, our challenges will test us in different ways. Some of us will be knocked completely off our feet and have our worlds torn apart around us. In just the past couple days, I have read stories about a man who lost his entire family to a tragic auto accident, a couple who lost their five month old baby to a rare but deadly disease, and a young man who is pressing on with his life after somehow surviving two separate plane crashes that claimed the lives of his sister, brother, and mother in one accident and his father and step-mother in the most recent crash. At other times, life will push us to our limits and test the strengths of our foundations like the thousands of people who are out of work through no fault of their own and struggling to pay their bills, put food on their tables, or keep a roof over their families’ heads. Finally, we are all sure to experience the minor inconveniences and rainy days that just seem to drag us down at times. We won’t all experience the same levels of hardship, but one thing is for sure, we will all face some storms in our lives.
So how do you push on as a designer and a creative soul if you are constantly having to create within these limitations? How do you keep your sanity, and be proud of your work? How can you fight for your freedom? Well you can start by no longer perceiving these client imposed boundaries as limiting. Be thankful in fact, that you have them. These guides make your job easier, and NO design job should start without a well documented and mutually agreeable brief. A good design brief sets the pace, cuts free any misconceptions, saves you time and money and is a valuable reference point. It allows you to narrow your field of vision to a few concepts, concepts which can be explored in depth with all the creative juices you can muster.
From there, do what works for you, and if something needs to be changed, you will be told.
Alright, alright - she's being played by a completely different woman (Lilyan Chauvin from the original, Jean Miller here), and in the three years time from movie to movie the orphanage has been closed, she has to get around in a wheelchair, she's had a stroke of some sort and lots of scarred, nasty Phantom Of the Opera-ish makeup on her face but yeah: the same character. Myself, I wouldn't think that one person could change so much in three years. I understand that the dynamic is that there had to be enough time for the pre-teen Ricky from before to age into the late-teen Ricky we have here, but Mom Superior...wow. This is like she has some sort of bad run-in with a Salvation Army truck.
But did you know that hula hooping for 1 month you can lose up to 2 inches? I didn't and was like really. Well the other day when I was working out with the Biggest Loser for the Wii my clothes fell off. How embarrassing but good thing I was working out at home! So, I decided to go measure myself. I have lost 3 inches in my waist and hips! I am so excited!
Sexual abuse is a horrible thing AT ANY age. But when it’s done to children, I find it particularly despicable.
Bag, Rachel Nasvik
@mandimadeit - Mandi is super creative and really caring. Actually she and Angel remind me a lot of each other.
To take a peek at the other fabulous new release creations in today's hop, please click on the links below... not all will be there yet, they should all be live at 12.00PM EST (that is 18.00 for Europe and 17:00 for the UK), please if you find blogs without today's hop could you please do another hop after that time?
Yesterday I wanted to keep it devoted to Mother's Day so I am posting my normal hodge podge Sunday recap on Monday!
There are a few classes that still have a little room so we thought we would show you where we have openings and you might decide you want to join in the fun!
Anyway…Here are some photo’s from lovely India. I hope I can go again soon.
Let me ask you this: can you really go wrong with a Saturday at a winery? You sure can't. I was invited with a group of new-ish friends to spend the afternoon at the Winery at La Grange in Haymarket, VA, a beautiful retreat from the hustle and bustle of the city. The winery sits atop of a sprawling hill overlooking the vineyards (and also some horses!). We started with a tasting inside the manor and then proceeded to camp out at a table on the patio for the rest of the afternoon with some peach/mango sangria and live music for Cinco de Mayo.
Experience Golf With RL150 Remote Golf Trolley
“I did not believe him capable of love. That is an emotion in which tenderness is an essential part, but Strickland had no tenderness either for himself or for others; there is in love a sense of weakness, a desire to protect, an eagerness to do good and to give pleasure–if not unselfishness, at all events a selfishness which marvellously conceals itself; it has in it a certain diffidence.”
With 8 days until Christmas, Nina and I went to the Renegade Fair. It was the 3rd Annual Renegade Holiday Market and was held at the San Francisco Concourse Exhibition Center. Wanting to beat the crowd, we arrived early, ten minutes after they opened, but it really didn’t matter, within a half hour we were two shoppers in a sea of thousands of shoppers—all fans of DIY.
In my heart and mind, I feel eternally twenty-eight, but my body aches like a ninety two year old.
reached the edge of the roof and crouched to leap for the tree. But she hesitated, wobbling on the edge. The tree was more than an arm’s length out. If she leaped for it she would stab herself on the spikes. Worse, if she didn’t find holds at once, she would scrape against the rough bark as she tumbled to the ground.
Was ever in its heart, so hoisting high
Recently MAC introduced a few new collections, one of which being Tres Cheek, a collection of six blush powders.
The affidavit states witnesses identified Davis by name and in a photo lineup as participating in the beating.
‘‘Initially, people thought it was just another spat,’’ says Smyth, who also hosts a regular radio programme on The Beatles ‘The Beatle Bug’ on 103.2 Dublin City FM, every Thursday along with co-host Mick Francis .
Kurt of OPE
After reading the terrible news about the same-sex marriage ban in North Carolina, I was deflated and saddened that religion can't seem to stay out of our politics. It left me frustrated. So when I heard the news today that Obama has finally come forward and has shown his support for marriage equality, I was jumping for joy. Literally. Some say it's just a political move, but I don't believe it. It would have been safer for him not to endorse gay marriage, especially with an election coming up. So Bravo, Mr. President!
3.Workout Music CD Swap - So far I've had an ok turn out for my Workout Music CD Swap but there's still time to join! I'm leaving it open until tomorrow and on Saturday, I'll post the partners! If you're looking for some new workout music, check it out here!
Weirdcore presents a compilation of Icelandic electronic music:
From the Vault:
I love the visual picture that comes to mind when reading this. A tree planted by a river will ALWAYS be green and luscious as it does not have to ‘look’ for the source of life. It is rooted there already. The tree can drink up what it needs to stay vibrant and to thrive. It will always bear fruit at the right time.
there isn’t even any left of anything.
Deep in the heart of the plastic potted jungle Johnny, your Christmas number one hitmaker, gets out his director's chair, hums along with the music for what seems like minutes to start and eventually tells of how everyone will feel great upon the Second Coming. With meaning, too. The new number one is back luck for the girl at the end who's holding a Showaddywaddy album, who when we first see the final link is dancing with Noel to an undanceable song ("thank you for the dance" "That's OK!" No, of course she never seemed comfortable). The woman to Noel's other side holding a cracker is less lucky, but both of them fall victim to a hasty director when they start singing happy birthday to Noel, who would have been 28 (yes, really) the day before, and hence the day of recording. We don't even hear them get to the end of the first line. Instead it's Jethro Tull audio and a kaleidoscope pan shot of the lights, the old style credits sequence we've not seen for a while. Meanwhile John Christie is back in the dressing room imagining all the glory and wonders sure now to come his way in 1977.
Not to be kind, it is a PR exercise, pure and simple. We will see Rambo grand-standing sometime in January or February showing what a fine fellow he is by catching so many criminals in December.
It's no surprise that the pub is such a popular spot with filmmakers seeking to recreate a period feel. The décor doesn’t appear to have changed a bit since 1900....if it wasn't for some hand-written signs advertising modern drinking concoctions such as Jagerbombs and that it has a giant video screen showing the live darts on satellite telly then it was exactly the sort of pub my late grandad would have frequented when he was a young man. And the prices were also of a bygone age - £1.40 a vodka, £2 a double vodka and £1.99 for any pint.
Should I purchase a URL under '.net or .org' for safe keeping? I am assuming that would require the use of a professional as I would most likely merge all five blogs into one. Something I have been considering for some time.
My baby entered this world two days after my full 8 year educational career, and that threw me for a loop. I found myself without the identity that I had worked 12 years to create and was a clueless stay-at-home-mom who was also dealing with postpartum depression! As I searched for ways to connect, I remembered a friend who suggested blogging -- I got to the point where I figured there was no harm in trying, and here we are today! You can read more about my personal blogging story here.
One of the common motives for farm murders is robbery, and robbery with violence, or the threat of violence, is all too common. For that purpose, farms are seen as a soft target because of their relative isolation. There is time for the robbers to make a getaway.
"I want to bring you somewhere first though, it's not to far, just a couple of minutes away?"
There is no logic in luck
8. Some people think he is deserving of the honor because he proved the world was round, but this was already a widely accepted belief by educated people at the time as Ptolemy, the ancient astronomer and geographer from Egypt, declared that the Earth was spherical in the second century. Why do 17 states refuse to recognize and/or celebrate Columbus Day? Why do protesters gather and march at every Columbus Day Parade?
A very recent publication of material known from old is the book by Vincent W.J. van Gerven Oei and El-Shafie El-Guzuuli with an English and a Dongolese Nubian translation of the Old Nubian version of the St. Mina miracle, one of the first Old Nubian manuscripts found and presented to the public (Griffith 1913: 6-15).
Recently I decided to wear one of my favourite t-shirts to work.
First of all, every one of the crystals I have given out both last year and this year are all infused with the accelerated energy process that is housed in my personal crystal. So whatever is taking place on earth, is amplified by those connected to the crystalline energy infused with…. god only knows what. I sure am not going to pretend to know here!! But the one thing I know (and see) is the linkage of energy between all the crystals given out and the ones that I still have.
It was wonderful.
9:08 as I am pouring the princess her organic, whole milk, the phone rings! it's the mister... "good morning, what's up, you what?" forgot to pay the water bill.. stink!
She says please
At some point after this gig - the Internets are woefully unclear on the timing - Sooyoung completely rebuilt the band, replacing his entire surrounding cast.
Fairy tales were part of our diet, too. I especially loved our edition of Hans Christian Andersen’s The Swineherd and The Tinder Box, illustrated by Gustav Hjortlund and translated by R.P. Keigwin. We also read poetry, and I took great pride in being able to recite many of the poems in A.A. Milne’s Now We Are Six.
d. The wonderful, fantastic Frenchie Kiss and the ridiculously hot Jett Adore are competing at The Burlesque Hall of Fame with their show-stopping duet. For which I designed Ms. Kiss’s costume. And I’m getting to work on a gown for her to wear when they win. Fantastic.
TOMIS ID: 00435699
All hell broke loose as the Mom completely lost it and grabbed Slappy's hair with a vengeance. Slappy grabbed back and for a moment, they were locked in a battle of the hair grip. In a matter of seconds, these two women had gone from calm Parisians to two shrieking, clawing, punching banshees at each others' throats. The two other members of the Four Mamas wrenched the now flailing Mom out of Slappy's grip and the three of them shot back across the grass, again, moving as one giant khaki pant. And then Slappy did the MOST surprising thing to me. She sat back down calmly, opened her paper back up and simply continued reading. I sat in shock, staring at her and wondering how she could have raised such hell and then just calmly sit back down as though she hadn't just bitchslapped a kid and tried to rip the Mom's face off.
"Just left the Presidents birthday party at the White House. Herbie Hancock played, Stevie Wonder sang and yes they did the electric slide. A great night." Rock wrote (sic).
For the fifth and final disbursement, worth $5 million in city funds, Forest City would have to itemize not less than $15 million in "Eligible State Project Costs" and would have to have an accountant certify that the developer had paid or incurred total project costs of not less than $100 million during the "Third Contribution Period."
I know when I lay out in the sun and get a tan, I can notice how dry my skin is, specially on a dark complex, it's almost like an ashy color. I have used other lotions in the past that didn't keep my legs looking moisturized all day, it would wear off in a few hours, but with the Udder Cream, it lasted all day, leaving my legs looking silky and smooth! And let me tell you, not only can you see the difference, you can feel it too! No more alligator legs for me! I really love the light scent this Udder Cream has, it's not to strong, just subtle to know it's there. This lotion is perfect for your whole body, and will smooth out roughness and soften your skin!
OBSTACLES: Not many remember the gothic soap opera and those who are fans might just resent the more comic turn.
08. Fast Track 1
Anyway, the message went along the lines of...
On August 6, 1825, at the Congress of Upper Peru, the Republic of Bolivia was created in honor of Bolívar, who drafted a new constitution for the new nation. This constitution reflected the influence of the French and Scottish Enlightenment on Bolívar’s political thought, as well as that of classical Greek and Roman authors. Bolivar accepted the position reluctantly, recognizing that it pointed to the splintering of Latin America.
It was carefully designed as a bedtime hour programme to tell simple stories set in a garden for very young children before their bedtime.
Some belly fat exercises to do when getting rid of a protruding tummy are hip raises, leg lifts, air cycling, abdominal crunches, sit ups, reverse crunches, side crunches, hanging knee raises, alternate leg lifts and Russian twists as well as others.
Why am I pulled toward this type of character? I think I have to continually learn the trust lesson. I imagine myself sitting down and discussing life over a cup of Earl Grey tea with a wise woman like Sophie. If I let my imagination go further, I can envision that I might be a woman like Sophie in the future...and maybe a little now. However, at the moment, I'm feeling more like David-cut off and fighting with my own emotional demons- I'm particularly battling with trust issues.
Dom's friend and occasional co-author, Marcus Borg, led a day-long seminar that I attended on his book The Heart of Christianity. I got my email moniker from that book: Emerging Paradigm.
I get to see Jane and Samantha, who are pictured together, and Josie more often than the others because they live nearby.
A passage in Edward Gibbon’s masterpiece The Decline and Fall of Rome is prophetic. He pondered what would have befallen us had Muslims won the battle of Poitiers in France in 733. He saw that battle as a major turning point in European history:-
Products Used:
Back from a silly number of book festivals and school events. trying to forget most of it. Like the boy who wrecked the crucial moment of my gory story by putting his gloves on his ears for comic effect. Oh, how I laughed. And the school hall where they couldn't find the lights and so I thought I'd help by walking through it to see if the light switches were at the other side - maybe they were, but I didn't get there as I crashed into the chair and table which had been positioned for my talk.
You can put some into your bath water to soften skin, use it in the shower (but I find it to be too slippery to do that) Or y'all can be like moi and put it on damp skin after you shower or bathe. I love this stuff and don't go a day without it! Use lotion afterwards for extra moisture, but I live in a humid climate, so I have enough moisture! I prefer the unscented formula because I wear perfumes etc and I don't want them competing.
When the Norsemen arrives they were appalled to discover the locals using timber for fuel. Timber was held sacred by the Norse and used only for ships.
I chose the name “Rose” in honor of Nora’s oldest sister, who shares the same middle name, also in reference to the Novena to St. Therese. At the end of the Novena a rose is received as a sign of answered prayers. Try it! Prayers were answered above and beyond with my first “Rose” and I DON’T DOUBT THEY WILL BE AGAIN. It seemed only appropriate.
I will admit I am feeling pretty uninspired these days. Just feeling like everything looks the same. SO when I saw Julie's stunning creation it literally made me scrap lift it (with her permission of course!!). I just wanted to create something that looked like that and I had so much fun :) Thank you Julie for the inspiration and for letting me use your layout :)
honey wine gold
WHAT I DIDN’T SO MUCH:
In the note, entitled “Malaysia/Submarine Project”, Dupont indicated that a meeting with Najib on July 14, 2001 would take place with the “US$1 billion condition”, but it was not known if the meeting transpired.
My bubbling personality somehow misses the boat with some people. They are either set on being lifelessly formidable or one card short of a deck.
I'd like to say that we made Disneyland our bitch but, alas, that was not the case. As it turns out, W.B. is not at all fond of rides that feature lots of surprises and loud noises. Still, we managed to spend 10 hours in the Disneyland part and the California Adventure part (approximately half of it in lines) and I will recommend the California Adventure side because they serve alcohol there. Plus they even have a wine-tasting area. And a ginormous ferris wheel. Not bad.
· Brooklyn Navy Yard – 63 Flushing Ave
I also have a habit of “coming late to the party” where some books are concerned, and this phenomenon isn’t just reserved for books. It spills over into TV shows, movies, and generally anything that can be considered pop culture. People all around me can be raving about a book or TV show and I still won’t go read it or watch it until a year later and then I realize how dumb I’ve been not to listen to them.
Hello Peeps, I hope everyone is OK and if you are in the UK enjoying this wonderful burst of early Summer weather we are having, it's been truly glorious.
The shocking thing is that there are marketers so clueless and dazed they actually buy this baloney. And there are marketing "experts" who take this nonsense seriously.
Talk with key suppliers
If you terminate to buy refilled or recycled ink cartridges either from a fund or from a website, you can sure economise some money but the scathe it can do to your machine leave establish to be many expensive. Retributory be reliable to study the ones that worship a vouch.
The Department of Defense is signing up all of its facilities, which serve more than 200,000 children each day. The General Services Administration will enlist 100 percent of their facilities, which serve nearly 10,000 kids. Head Start is going to be encouraging its programs to meet the goals, Mrs. Obama said.
Controlling the deep strains of xenophobia in Russian society while extracting political capital from nationalist sentiment has been a delicate balancing act for the Kremlin.
Red chilli powder – ½ teaspoon
Mbulelo Musi, spokesperson for the co-operative governance and traditional affairs department, said the money will be used to compensate former councillors who had served their full five-year terms for their “hard work under extremely difficult circumstances”.
Consider this scatter plot, which shows the relationship between the percentage of votes won against the number of seats won.
“Look, I am trying to sort out this pigeon thing,” she said, “and I would like to get this sticky paper for the rats. I don’t know where to get it from. But I swear something came to my mind. Gela… something. Gelatinous?”
Now one more step, In order for both sides of the circle to look finished I did one row of (sc, ch, sc) around the starting edge (where you started with ch 150). You don't have to, but it looks a touch more finished. Attach your yarn and ch2 (counts as a first sc), *(sc in the space between two dc in previous row, ch1)* repeat from *, join with a sl st in the top of ch2
A predator engages in sexual violence, or sexually deviant behavior because that is who they are, and should not be mistaken for someone who is “just responding to impulses”.
All Hail! Lord, we greet Thee,
I feel like we've gone through so much with the people of this church. We've prayed together, cried together, mourned, laughed, sang, and experienced life together. We've had more than our share of delicious potluck dinner food sent to our home, we became parents, and lost loved ones while living here.
However, tell me we have reservations and I swoon.
The punch in the word, “Body,” which Rome used to control, Paul reverses with an irenic spirit. It is a question that modern congregations and church systems should consider as they discern the best way to increase the community spirit among them. What principles of the Body will become operational? The position of Paul in his use of this metaphor clearly moves away from one which kept people “in their place” to one in which the community functions organically, relationally, and informed by “less powerful” members.
I've been unleashing my inner child and just revelling in twistings and knottings and turnings and flowings.
And I don't think it's unreasonable to have one day a month for doing that!
1 - 2 tsp salt or to taste
It means that you’ve got to stay on your toes as a writer. It is SO much easier to take the dark path and succumb to the temptation of Deus ex Machina or the improbably learned skill that just happens to bail the characters out at the last second (Oh, yah, a couple of years ago I took a bomb defusing class. Never thought it would come in handy until now…). This is bad Juju of the highest order. Your readers will spot it, regardless of how you spin the explanation for it and if you get caught, maybe they’ll forgive you. Then again, maybe not.
Right now, this is what I have on tap at home:
Taylor’s key-ring, still in the ignition, jingled like tiny chimes.
Yesterday he suggested MI6 had learned there were times when it should be open.
Dear Heavenly Father, thank You that as we gather in Your Name, Your power is present to provide what You have promised. Lead us Lord, to be passionate people of prayer. Teach us to cry out on behalf of a nation in need, so that we may see You heal our land. Destroy diseases, heal hurts, and turn hearts to You, who hold us all in Your hands. May Your kingdom come and Your will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Amen.
"Sorry about last night and this morning," she said.
I have a new niece, and see my nephew growing up (and my little brother growing into his role as Dad). One member of my animal family is getting older, while the other still revels in his youth. And my partner is strong at my side, blessing me with his presence every day.
When the going gets tough
Dad was a phantom never took a look at him
“And foreigners who bind themselves to the LORD
Searching for the hope that’s tucked away in you and me
Re: Lazarus “falling asleep”. According to the notes, “falling asleep” was a common euphemism for death, not only amongst the Jews but among all people. Sort of like “passed” is the modern euphemism for dying.
Those of you that know me realise that I subscribe to the photographic persuasion that believes “if the subject doesn’t have eyes, its boring”. Well soon to be stunned reader, I let you into a revelation, Seascape photography is complex, difficult and anything but boring. The waves don’t stand still, they refuse to take direction, they will not reset because the photographer would like to change angle. Then there is the lighting, you can’t move light modifiers to suit a new composition and try placing a flag or gobo on the rapidly rising sun. Sure there are clouds to help soften or spread the light, but lets face it they drift around aimlessly anyway.
X -X-Trail. We sold it and I miss it! We still hav'nt bought another car yet, and in the meantime I'm driving my daughters car (since she's in China).
My first tutorial!
Very basic is style but I was experimenting with bright colours and papers. I'm trying to use up all my odd bits of paper and I couldn't find any other papers that co-ordinated with the busy and bold pattern here. It is sooooo not a paper style I would normally go for but I'm chuffed with the end result.
Can anyone think of anything 11-dimensional? Please?
I am so thankful for my family. I am so blessed to have a family like I do - one that is so fun to be around and so caring and thoughtful. I miss them when I am gone and soak up all the time I can get with them! :) My husband is the best ever and I can't imagine living my life without him! He is the one who knows me best and the one I can always talk to about anything and I'm so blessed to feel so comfortable with him about everything! :)
The Addicts. When Lindsey realized she had no door to turn a key into the street life swarmed her up. Lindsey experimented with every drug that could get her through the day. The alcohol and drugs that Lindsey consumed held her captive in her own life.
Recept: Well, sir ... It's written in Arabic!
And so we cut back to Black Pudding who is sitting with Shag, Kelly and Ziggy on one of the sea walls.
The anticipated debut single from emerging gospel artist Janice Gaines, titled “One Day,” heads to radio and online outlets today, and is currently streaming online at OneDayMusic.com. The single will be available for download on iTunes and Amazon.com on May 15, 2012.
500 grams All Purpose flour.
Due to the above, I decided that tonight we would have a chilled out dinner which involved very little preparation and cooking. I have wanted to go on a picnic for so long however, the British weather has prevented Neil and I from using the gorgeous picnic hamper he bought me for my birthday last year. The obvious solution to both issues? An impromptu picnic in the living room!
Next, the other night, she came up to me, stricken, saying "I keep thinking about a cuss word!" I said, OK, what word is it? She said, "It's um...(whimper, whine)...I CAN'T SAY IT!!!" I gently prodded a bit longer, and she finally said, "It's...THE 'C' WORD!"
Today I learned why you shouldn’t save all your emails.
I hailed for a taxi and stopped by the florist to get a bunch of roses. My heartbeat quickened with every step towards her front porch. I wondered if she would let me off easy and cringed with fear as I thought of it. Hopefully, she would. Hopefully. I inhaled a deep breath and unlocked the door. The sun cast a white light illuminating the objects in the room and I noticed her at the living room with a book in her hands. She looked beautiful in her raspberry-rose coloured lacy, nightgown and with her loosely braided hair, draped over her left shoulder. I wanted to embrace her in my arms, kiss her, and never let go.
And lastly, expect seeing a ton of food. Mmmmm, food. Here is some sushi some friends and I made the other night. It was fabulous. I urge you to try sushi if you haven’t already. (Not all Norimaki, which is what is pictured below, have raw fish in them. These guys below are purely vegan. Also, if you aren’t familiar, not all sushi is rolled up cute like this either.)
Attorney General Conway Announces $101.7 Million in Tobacco Settlement Money
7 face
*For those of you thinking, "Hey asshole, what makes you qualified to hand out advice?," I offer you my credentials: Undisputed World Champion in Personal Dumbassery, and World Record Title Holder in Klutz-tasticness.
Adidas Marathon 10 Women. These are actually reaching retirement sadly (I might just get another pair if I can find them). They are a great distance trainer. I wore these on almost all my long runs during marathon training. I don’t typically race in the them even though they’re really nice and light. I got these on sale at CitySports for around $50 (originally $80).
In the future, I'll be posting some of my home espresso adventures.
The ballet they were dancing at the Staatsoper tonight was called Onegin. I went in on a lark. Based on Puschkin, music by Tchaikovsky, okay, whatever. One standing room ticket: € 4.
But giving homeowners three days’ notice gives them a chance to go back to the servicer and “try to talk them out of the disapproval.”
The talent on display that night was amazing. The classically-trained voices, the perfect harmonies, flawless melodies, the skill of the conductors and musicians. It was all very beautiful and moving. It is this kind of night in recent years when I would feel like I wasn’t a singer. I’m not trained. At least I haven’t had a voice lesson since I was in the Woodlands Youth Chorale many many moons ago. And, I don’t sing perfectly. At least it’s not what I consider perfect. I hear the perfect melodies of others, the way they sing with ease and hit high notes that give me chills. I’m amazed and I love it. It’s not me. But, that doesn’t mean I can’t sing.
13. What's one trait you hate about yourself?
I’m working on my next book tentatively entitled Rule of Law. It will come out next spring. It’s the story of another flawed protagonist. He is a former college quarterback who got caught up in a point-shaving scandal, served time in prison, and then went to law school and became a lawyer. He finally gets his first job but ends up at a firm where somebody is killing off all the firm’s lawyers, one-by-one (even lawyers who try to leave the firm). It’s a story about loyalty and trust, honor and betrayal.
So, have you listened to Bright Lights today?
An hour-long trip to Best Buy (still in the rain) for a type of camcorder-to-computer adapter cable that apparently doesn’t exist? Sprinkles, I suppose.
such as songs and posters. Students can complete interactives and print
Jerel was one of the most frustrating players in the country to scout because of the way that he underachieved this season. He took plays off and that turned a lot of scouts off. With the Packers he’ll be playing the 5 technique and looks like a perfect fit to start next to BJ Raji. He can get to the QB and stop the run. The Packers veterans won’t allow or put up with him taking plays off, so I don’t think that will be to much of an issue going forward. I think the Packers got a steal with the Worthy pick.
Nelson said: "The story was they knew I was 14 and I told them I was cutting school to meet with them.
I didn’t advocate federal mandates. I talked about it at a state level, finding a way — which included an escape clause that people didn’t have to buy it — finding a way to try to have people have insurance, particularly for wealthy people who are simply free-riding on local hospitals. But the fact is, it was a personal system, dramatically different than either Romneycare or the version Rick just discussed.
Instead of treating the white race as if it were neutral, Tarantino puts the black man in charge to bring the existence of the white identity into plain view. Thus, African Americans would benefit from this representation in the text, as the film places the black man in charge over the white man, and consequently shatters assumptions that Anglo Americans are superior.
Karl scares me. *cue James Bond theme* While other people contemplate changing shirts 3 times during the day, Karl contemplates the type of long underwear one would wear while setting magnetic explosives to the hull of a Russian trawler. I think Troll (and Master Basho) can back me on the fact that you don't see "thermocline" in too many haikus. Shamelss sucking-up is - always appreciated.
to the growing radiance
So instead, after fixing the flat tire, I took the loaded bike out for a for a short (26 mile) day trip. It gave me a chance to see how the bike handled fully loaded and if it was still possible to climb any kind of a hill with the nearly 80 lbs of bicycle.
for their food hand out
Dress: Geometry – Nautical (FaMESHed)
A veteran force furnish’d with good artillery.
So take a look at the sky tonight,
If we don’t buck up our ideas, we may fall further down the pecking order. The recent successes of Borussia Dortmund in the Bundesliga have come to light. People seem to forget that they are leading Champions League semi-finalists Bayern Munich by eight points. We as a nation need to realise this. We must take the continental competitions seriously once more; we need three or even four teams back in the quarters and semis. It’s as simple and easy as that.
They said the sheriff's daughter wanted to come, but her daddy'd locked her in the house till the baby came. They said she was hoping for a boy, but the Indian woman come through town said it was going to be a little girl for sure. Hell if I cared. I already had a brother and a sister. And I'd always been short a father -- today was just the last nail in the coffin, so to speak.
Do me a favor, ok? Bring this back every year. Don't tease me like you did with your winter time sugar cookie cappuccino, because where's that been these last two seasons, huh? Believe me, i look, and i've been disappointed. Gingerbread is most certainly not the same.
You are still in 9 month dresses, but if I put you in a onesie or a sleeper, it must be 12 month. Since you're trying to walk, I have bought you a few shoes, which a size 2 fits you perfect right now. You are in a size 3 diaper and currently weigh about 20lbs 5 oz. You are growing like a weed, sweet girl! I can't believe that just this week I started planning your 1st birthday party. Where did the time go? I love you so very much, Corinne. I am so glad I have been given the gift of being your Mommy! Your beautiful face, the way you love you big brother like no other, and your sweet, sassy personality always has a way of putting me in the best mood.
"Hi, my name is Joe, and I work...in...a button factory. One day, my boss came up to me and said 'Hi Joe, are you busy?' I said, 'no," he said "push..the button... with your right hand." (you then push an imaginary button in the air with your right hand) The song repeats itself, with the boss telling Joe to push the button with his left hand, right and left legs, head, butt, etc until your whole body is doing this bowl-full-of jelly dance. It's at this point in the song that it ends with, "one day, my boss came up to me and said, "Hi Joe, are you busy?' I said, 'YES!'"
“They locked the maid, the gardener and two small babies in the maid’s room and set them alight. I am standing at the scene here
at least 3 times. I had a few different designs in mind, but decided
Have you been writing for a long time? What do you like about writing?
Some quotes of particular relevance to the climate change issue that we need to consider when talking about the media would be:
I'd been given permission to look and enjoy everything in the exhibition without the trappings of historical context or academic knowledge . . . they were here to tell a new story and one that involved the exhibition visitor on a pilgrimage to the tomb of the unknown craftsman – a representative maker who, like the unknown soldier in Westminster Abbey, represents all the men and women who skillfully created the thousands of artifacts in the collections of the British Museum.
Families seemed to make up a huge proportion of passengers, to my surprise, and kids were often specially catered off. The Plantation includes a special kids meal time that precedes the main dinner service.
On the down side, she has been diagnosed with ADHD and ODD (oppositional defiance disorder) which is causing struggles and tension both at school and at home. She lived with a friend for a few months through the spring and summer, but is home again (home again, jiggity jig). We are hopeful that she will be back on track very soon!
Referral Level 2: 25
Wow! That is a pretty big challenge. There is a reason it is called “the shadow”. It can be a bit scary to take an honest look at what we are feeling and why. Isn’t it easier to sit in judgment and blame someone else than to take 100% responsibility for our own thoughts and actions? Ya, I think so too! But I have realized in recent days, months, years that I need to take 100% accountability for everything that happened or continues to happen in my life. Whether it’s the abuse I endured as a child, the issues in my marriage, or what I perceive to be happening within the roller derby league I was practicing with. This book reiterates what I already believe and that is that “thoughts are things” and we create our own world based on our thoughts. When I think, “Well they don’t like me and are ignoring me and leaving me out because they don’t like me” then it sets that “wish” into motion and sure enough I get more of what I perceived to be true. This just shows me that I am feeling separate from others….separate from my self…separate from God/Love. Where there is separation, there is fear. Where there is fear, there is the shadow. Where there is shadow, there is dis-ease, pain, sadness.
One day a father gets out of work and on his way home he suddenly remembers that it's his daughter's birthday.
We went ringing at Al Ali Farm in the afternoon last weekend. I had only been ringing at this site once before and it looks like a great site. There are plenty of tall trees, shrubs and open fields and a lot of birds where about. In the trees we set three nets hoping to catch Rufous-tailed Scrub Robin and Common Redstart which were seen in good numbers as we were setting up the nets. We also hoped we could catch a few Ortolan buntings in the grass field as Brendan and Nicole had caught 21 birds there the weekend before in one attempt. As it turned out most of the Ortolan Buntings had moved on and plenty of House Sparrows were in the fields along with a number of Daurian Shrikes and Turkestan Shrikes. Abdulla came for an hour and hoped to catch a Lesser Grey Shrike that he had seen but it evaded the trap and was not caught. …
But he's also a writer of tough guy, Ludlumian fiction, with titles like The Apocalypse Directive, and America's Last Days: A Novel, and with his latest book, he's facing the same dilemma confronted by every tough guy American writer from James Fenimore Cooper to Ernest Hemingway to Norman Mailer: dismissive online reviews that seek to weaken his main character's bladder control.
Lightly coat an 8 x 8 inch baking pan with cooking spray.
Of course a brisk snowshoe trek was well-capped by a winery restaurant meal and its wine –far more relaxing than the sweating crowds in summer in 35 degree C dry heat.
Here are the arm pieces for my shyvana cosplay. I was not able to finish the right arm piece completely. It took me longer than I expected, so you’ll be seeing it partly finished. I will update my post when it is completely done, but for now only the left arm is complete. The right arm still needs some more mache and sanding. I thought the head piece would be harder than the arm pieces but I guess I was wrong -_-.
Instead, I mostly watched movies and knit.
Next we see Detective Trupo (Josh Brolin) signing drugs out of the evidence room in New York. Meanwhile an Italian gangster Rossi (Jon Polito) talks with Frank at a restaurant, explaining that Trupo and his men are seizing their drugs, cutting them down, and selling them back. They both agree that things are different with Bumpy not around to make sure no one bothers them. Rossi supplies Frank with drugs and we see some of the chaotic events going on due to Bumpy's absence. Rossi exclaims that order is needed.
You know, like a potluck, except you don't actually get to eat anything I'm bringing to the table...
If the hero wins the battle, he gets the reward. This can be a sword or a golden fleece or a beautiful princess. Mattie is after revenge; Rango seeks water and P.K. wants to cash in a valuable document. But the prize itself is almost always immaterial. The real prize is the knowledge the hero gains, sometimes even if he ‘loses’. In the Western genre the lesson is often a hard one. Mattie learns that revenge does not come without a price. Rango learns that as sheriff, he can be a real contributing member of a community not just a play actor. P.K. learns … well, I’ll leave that for you to find out.
When I was eight she remarried. My new stepfather came with an added bonus feature – a six year old stepsister whom I loathed nearly as much as him.
Him: "Yay Orange...they're my favorite team ya know"
What are you afraid of? Tweet, email or comment below!
feint of heart. You'll be disgusted early on when you learn of the lengths to which Rex will go to to ensure the survival of his family. You'll be even more disgusted when you find out his secrets. I don't want to give away specifics, but let's just say cannibalism is not out of the question for him.
The Sir Vival appeared on magazine covers. Jerome had fancy two-color sales brochures printed that extolled its virtues. But its fifteen minutes in the spotlight quickly elapsed and it sunk without a trace. Amazingly, the eccentric Sir Vival turned out to be a survivor after all. A little the worse for wear, it remains in the care of Bellingham Auto Sales in Bellingham, Massachusetts.
in two days, we will send the draft agenda
Our other adventure was in search of Zenkov Cathedral in Panfilov Park. It took a bit of doing but we finally located it. It was a nice walk looking around Almaty while in search of our destination. I'd take pictures every block or two - so if we got lost (all signs were in Russian) we'd have some sort of digital breadcrumbs to retrace our path home. We found one park and thought we had arrived only to figure out - hey this isn't it! Where is that darn Cathedral? It's big AND colorful - how can we not find it? So we continued our journey and located another park. And this time our diligence paid off and we found it. It is a beautiful yellow color and very nice shape. It was a glorious site when we found it. We could only stay a few minutes before heading back to the apartment. We saw the park, went inside the Cathedral for a bit, and took our standard Trish and Ray head pose in front of it, hold the camera at arm's length - smile - then click.
Pacific Gas And Electric Issues $600 Million Of 8.25% Senior Notes Due 2018 26
Needless to say, this is the last type of ‘foursome’ he needed during the most important week of 2012.
This is the latest flick from Aardman Animation, aka the witty Brits from ‘Wallace & Gromit’, and ‘Chicken Run’, which means, in terms of comedy, this film has a whole lot to live up to. But when you touch something like pirates and try to make them goofy, it more or less just comes off as being another ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ flick, except in stop-motion form.
Little girl fourteen flipping through a magazine
So I’m still in the game, waiting on new approval on some new scam to get Bulletholes $80,000 and in the meantime I am safe and happy living with my friend Angel Eyes, and we have cable, a couch, a stove and a pool, and I get up in the morning and the coffee is made and the birds are chirping and there is money in the bank baby, the money just keeps rolling in, and I get out of the shower I start singing because that’s what like to do in the morning….
directly between
So I ask: If you could bake or make just one treat this season, what would it be? I'd love to know! (And links to your favorite recipes are always appreciated.)
With opening night of Ben Stevenson’s Cinderella nearly upon us, we wanted to take a moment to share with you a bit of the fascinating history that surrounds the original Cinderella fairytale. Read this excerpt from pages 6-9 of Ballet SJ’s Cinderella Playbill, which can be downloaded and read in its entirety from the Ballet San Jose website.
These are the socks I mentioned last post. My blockers aren't wide enough to stretch out and show the pattern - but that long column is a wave that ripples down the entire leg and foot. This is my latest design, and they will be socks for my Dad for father's day.
Then sang Gunnlaug:—
· When looking at the face of the Moon, some cultures see a turtle, a princess, or two frogs on rocks?
Make a fairy bed from coconut coir–the stuff used to line hanging planters. Steal a little bit from your planter. It won’t be missed!
What is the role of the fashion blogger in promoting businesses like your own? Huge. Anyone who would underestimate that would be silly! There are too many fabulous blogs for me to start listing here but my latest fashion blogger encounter was with the lovely Sandra from 5incheandup who I met just a couple of days ago. She only started her blog and now gets 30.000 views a day. That’s just mad. There are certain bloggers who would wear something for their blog and that particular item would sell out in the shops. So if I get the fashion bloggers interested in my store, I’ll be very happy.
Link back to Creative Cats!
Sorry for the confusion.
The first four songs were dreamily meditative, tones of melancholy becoming increasingly prominent in "Wo die schönen Trompeten blasen" and "Separation." Goerne's use of text, and Andsnes' muted playing, suffused the final stanzas of the Mahler with a dreamlike awe. The influence of hymnody on "Es sungen drei Engel" was apparent in the style of Andsnes' playing, as well as the harmonies. The folktale shape of "Das irdische Leben" was belied by Goerne's dark, savage delivery, at a somewhat faster pace than I am accustomed to hearing. The last line, describing the child on the bier, was delivered not as an exclamation point, but as an expression of inconsolable disbelief that the unimaginable had happened. "Nun seh' ich wohl" was an aching threnody. Thereafter came another emotional turning point, with Andsnes' accompaniment for "Wenn dein Mütterlein" reminiscent of a Bach prelude in its clarity and purity. "Urlicht" was beautifully filled with silences, with Goerne's phrasing long, unstrained, suffused with deep longing, and deep confidence.
Where can you find a table which ranks the USA third behind Brazil and India? Where is the largest community of Lithuanians outside Lithuania? In what country did 310,000 Poles register in the five years to May this year, twenty five times the number of the previous five years?
If you then took all the kids who’d excelled on the first test, and gave them a similar quiz on applied neurosurgery, they’d all generally do no better than chance. You might find one or two getting high scores in this one as well, depending on the size of your class, but even though they all scored highly to begin with, the averages in the second test will be, well, average. It’d be exactly the same if you took the lowest scorers from the first test.
Please. I think I might actually prefer the chloroform.
We went a lot of places, and Mom and the other lady did some goofy things like kneeling down in the mud and pointing those things on straps at plants. Plants! Who cares about them? I walked on some to point out how stupid that was, but I got yelled at.
Just another fool who threw away millions of dollars. No sympathy here.
This is my final entry for the Digi Doodle Shop Design Team. I will greatly miss this wonderful team. The one consolation is that I will still be able to shop and get their gorgeous images. Keep those animals coming! I have been struggling with my artwork lately and am not really satisfied with how I'm doing. I am planning on taking some classes so I can better learn shading and some other coloring techniques. A natural born artist I am not.
OK, notice anything else?
In a very rare move for me I have used light pastel shades to colour the image using Promarkers and Flexmarkers. I have selected papers to match from the Spring Feast & Boho Chic First Edition pads by Dovecraft. There is a lovely assortment of papers, many with a subtle glitter sheen and I have added Stickles glitter glue to the centre of the flowers and the buzzy bee wings.
5.1 (Bonus) Just make sure your surprise is something your girlfriend will appreciate. While some women may admire the creativity of your disemboweled teddy bear with gummy worms crawling out its empty eye-sockets, believe it or not, not all women will. Some of them may decide you are indeed a future serial killer (or a guy who might pin his restraining order to her head with a knife).
“I don’t think we should be driving back up the mountain. We nearly got killed last time. What if he ain’t home?” Joshua asked with a great deal of apprehension. “Clooney’s always on the mountain. Where the hell else is he gonna go? He’s gotta be a hundred and ninety years old. He don’t drive, He ain’t got no family. He’s too old to be with a woman. Where else is he gonna be?” Jaxon replied. “He ain’t no hundred and ninety. No one lives that long.” Freddie responded. “Use your little bitty brain, Freddie. I don’t know how old the man is. I swear you’re as dumb as a pitchfork. I just meant that he’s old”, Jaxon replied. “He might shoot us.” Joshua added. “He only kills revenuers.” Jaxon replied. “That crazy old man ain’t never really killed anyone. People just say that.” Freddie demanded. Jaxon just looked at Freddie with the look of a deer caught in the headlights and replied, “God Freddie! You don‘t know nothin’. Old man Clooney has killed more people than Jesse James. Just don‘t nobody knows, ‘ats all.”
First Smart Solutions™ : A good indicator is to look at how your manager and upper management dresses and take a cue from them. If you don’t know, be proactive and ask what the dress code is and what is acceptable and not acceptable to wear on the job. It doesn’t hurt to be clear. And, you’ll be respected for exhibiting courage to ask.
When we are honestly interested to listen, we focus on the other person. We do not dwell in our thoughts. We do not get absorbed from what happens around in the environment. We do not interrupt to get a call – especially when the discussion is vital and very important and not just about the weather. When we are sincerely interest of what the other person speaks about, what feels and thinks, what is his/her perception, we will ask further questions to help the discussion, the so-called “open questions” that open the field to further exploration and development. We will node or say a “hum” to reassure the other person that we do listen. We will ask clarifications in anything not clear to us than just give an advice, an opinion or a judgement. Even when we judge inside us, trust me, it does reflect on our face. The other person will sense it.
A couple of months ago Vicks hosted an blogger event to feature some products to help moms get through the cold and flu season, such as their Behind the Ear thermometer, cool and warm mist humidifiers and inhalers. We're coming out of the cold and flu season now, but their tips on getting the most out of your humidifier is more relevant than ever during allergy season, so I wanted to share them with you:
I’m reading the Book of Mark right now. I have a Life Application Bible (NIV). This Bible has life-pointers at the bottom of each page explaining the meaning of the verses. Sometimes these meanings are historic and some have spiritual meanings but, always, help the reader to understand the Bible better.
The paper that the rosette is made from was the original paper I was going to use for this card. But the darkness and shimmer of it made it really hard to get the elements to work with it. I think it looks great as a rosette embellishment though! So I chose a different, more subtle patterned paper :) Of course, it had to be blue because that will always and forever be my favorite color even if other colors periodically become my temporary favorites :)
Hello! What a hideous day we're having! Hopefully all the people in the north reading this are tucked up snug indoors!
Geoffrey: Well, I can always try.Barbara ... Babs ... Missy ... Sally – don't get me wrong – my sympathies are with you in the grand scheme of this little Warner Brothers drama. But your crazy, murderous, obnoxious, implacable husband is right, here: If you're an artist – heck, even if you're not an artist, but merely a person of integrity – you can't shove something out, to which you feel no sense of attachment or commitment, on the hope or assumption that no one will recognize its inauthenticity or feel its counterfeitness and that people will clamour to buy it, blinded by its slick, shiny veneer.
917 D-XI/20/1985. “Usurpation and Due Process: The Contemporary Relevance of the Bar Admission Cases”. The College of Law, DePaul University, Chicago, Illinois.
Or you’re trying to protect me from my own self.
So I got out my shotgun.
* If you'd like to have posts from this blog arrive directly in your Facebook news feed, you can make it so by *liking* its Facebook page.
6. And if you could be in any movie, which one and with whom?
Apparently this cake will store well in an airtight tin. (It just didn't get the chance!)
Thank you all for the great cards that you made for the last challenge. Unfortunately not everybody followed the sketch. So we were forced to remove a few links from InLinkz. And we will do that in the future, but without letting you know before, as we did this time. And please link our blog in your post, in a way that others can find this blog too ;o) So please read the rules carefully. It would be a pitty if your card could not be in the prizedraw.
I know we always been together,
Health and Nutrition: Sustainable farming practices, chemical free, healthy soil and plants.
1/4 cup pecan halves
One of the best ways to improve the appearance of your skin is by incorporating raw food into your diet. Beautiful skin starts from the inside out. People who switch to eating mostly raw food often see an improvement in their skin and look younger.
So I started thinking. What if we link all these people together? What if we create a way to meet people in a similar position, people who genuinely want to help build our online platform while at the same time building theirs? People who want to pay it forward in the spirit of writerly writerness and blogging beautificity (and see it come back to them in turn).
Marvel at my ability not only to hurtle through every shortcut in the North West Edinburgh area , but to sucessfully apply make up at every red and amber traffic light.
Yesterday, I took some "oak" pieces to my all time favorite retail consignment store-JFGMs. That place changes from week to week, and they have the most fun things ever. The store is almost like a living organism- I am so happy they support and sell my art there.
The idea of ‘family planning’ was officially introduced into the Chinese political and the legal systems at the start of the post-Maoist era. The introduction of and explanation of this idea were significantly affected by Malthusian demographic theory in China. (Lee and Wang 1999) To justify implementing a strict birth control plan, the first post-Maoist government advocated a Malthusian argument: economic production cannot keep pace with population growth without family planning. Thus, reducing the national birth rate was treated as essential to the development of the state’s economy. Deng, the first president in the post-Maoist era, claimed that the state must fulfil the birth control task, which was of major importance for the national economy. In order to achieve this population goal, the government stated that all married citizens must take up family planning and downsize their families.
I have all but forgotten about the activity outside. The doorbell rings. Seeing it is the friend’s father I open the door and exclaim brightly “Burnt the toast again!”
Many Communist and radical publications and entities throughout the 19th and 20th centuries had the name “Forward!” or its foreign cognates. Wikipedia has an entire section called “Forward (generic name of socialist publications).”
First of all, park your behind on this fantastic blanket:
So what have you planned for 2011?
Megan, her friend Kelly, SH and I would go to the market while Steve watched the kids. We would return by 1:20 so Steve could drive us the 70 miles to the airport in Casablanca.
will end each Wednesday evening at 12 Midnight EST.
Creativity isn’t about crossing things off a Wreck This Journal “to-do” list, but rather pitching the list altogether. A page left untouched leaves the idea of possibilities infinitely open. The same is true for an unfinished collage or a poem missing the last line. Possibilities are in plentiful supply if we slow down enough and regard them with patience. Doing nothing is sometimes better than writing a thousand lines of words just to hit a word count goal or adding something to a painting just to call it done. Sometimes doing nothing is what leads to the ultimate end.
Amazon Germany: 3
Whilst the CEO and top management are responsible for the tone from the top, the HR head is largely focused on employee processes, rather than the big picture.
Marc Almond Tears run rings UK
WHAT I WILL MISS ABOUT BEING PREGNANT
The image is one of Stampavie's Sarah Kay stamps, Sofia Wishes, oh my goodness I absolutely love Sarah Kay stamps, so very beautiful and, guess what........ I've coloured her with distress inks.... I know another medium. Some say you should stick to one but wouldn't that be boring, lol. I was lucky enough to win $100 at 7 Kids College recently so I topped up on some distress reinkers and have put them to good use. I hope you like her, I did her face a little too dark but as it was the last part of the image I coloured I wasn't going to start again. You learn don't you.
hope to watch some tv or internet coverage while at work or may wish to discuss some sort of temporary flexible working arrangement
5:00 pm
As to my graces, what must they be in the light of judgment? my own salvation, all the matters of experience and knowledge—how do they all look in that light! I think I have believed: I think I love the Savior: I sometimes hope that I am his; but am I so? Shall I be found to be a true believer at the last? Will my love be mere cant or true affection? Will my graces be mere talk, or will they be found to be the work of God the Holy Ghost? Am I vitally united to Christ or not? Am I a mere pretender, or a true possessor of the things eternal? Oh my soul, set thou these questions in the light of that tremendous day.
“Which one is larger, Tommy? 1 foot or 11 centimeters?”
This is a sign of what St. Paul calls the “mystery of lawlessness,” – a mystery in that it is something which is not fully revealed in this world; it is something which comes from the other world. The “mystery of righteousness” is the whole story of how God came from heaven and became incarnate in order to save us. The “mystery of lawlessness” is the opposite: it is a mystery coming up from hell, which breaks into this world and changes it. Therefore, this is the mystery of lawlessness or anarchy which is preparing for the coming of the “man of lawlessness,” who is Antichrist.
GMO crops also offer a number of advantages for modern agriculture. Crops resistant to specific herbicides, like glyphosate, can be grown weed-free by spraying the entire field. Weeds are killed, but the crop is not damaged. Glyphosate-resistant crops are often known as “Roundup Ready.” The use of genetically modified crops can reduce the need for mechanical cultivation, saving labor, fuel, and soil moisture by employing no-till practices. Also, GMO crop plantings often reduce the need for insecticides such as clothianidin. In today’s photo greater white-fronted geese, “specklebellies,” wintering in the Arkansas Delta, forage in a harvested soybean field. The Delta is seeing increased numbers of migratory waterfowl.
6. Learn to Make Even Your Irrelevant Experience Seem Relevant
Mom got her settled, and took off like she'd lived there for years. Several staff members stopped to admire her baby.
I'm also snorting a steroid, which seems to be slowly helping. I could never, ever do drugs. YUCK!
spring offers her song
Little did we know that a riot was going on in China Town, right by the hotel. Seriously, that’s true. Apparently some Malaitan boys were annoyed that their football team lost to West Honiara by a controversial goal in the first half, and so they went on a bit of a drunken rampage, trashing cars and offices until the army (i.e. RAMSI troops) got called in. So riveting were the speeches at the hotel that we knew nothing about any of this, and we innocently drove through Chinatown about half an hour after it had finished, only to recieve a barrage of phone calls upon returning home, telling us to stay put.
6: Jerusalem 4:49
In a society without strong cultural scripting and where individualism and self empowerment are constantly trumpeted to be such laudable personal goals, we must accept the consequences. Here, in a city where there is such a a melange of iconoclasts and misfits, many live unaware of how outside the normal constructs of society they really are. Others are quite aware and proud enough to identify themselves with a t-shirt...
And loved by his usher and master;
And what's fabulous about Sweet 'n Sassy this week? They are having a 40% off sale on their entire store! Now is the time to purchase these wonderful stamps!! But hurry, the sale ends on the 25th of April!
where women could whisper their true names.
I’m feeling very pleased with myself at the moment.
If I ever wonder whether going into the arts was the right thing to do I only have to have a day like today to fill my heart. Superb stuff. the creativity of others is a joy to behold and an honour to mould. In relation to my earlier community theatre blog it’s worth noting that amoungst the twelve performers in the company 2 of them have special needs, 2 have dyslexia and dispraxia, 2 have English as a second language and 2 are over 60 years of age. Enrichment galore.
it's that time again for some market fun.
Shannon Lewis Adams, 25, New York, N.Y.
Step 4: Get put on display by a lady with a small child who wants to watch you make pizzas. Get highly embarrassed, then decide it’s good practice for when you have to give autographs and strut your stuff.
The saga did not foresee that less than a century later Boudewijn IX, Count of Flanders, became the Emperor of Constantinople during the Fourth Crusade, taking the Golden Dragon figurehead with him back to Flanders. Today the gilded copper dragon (or rather a replica of it) crowns the belfry of Gent, a UNESCO site.
Objectivity
12:56 - Change Mercy's diaper
Nowadays, tourism is the lifeblood of the town, which provides a base for hikers and climbers, and it is usually very busy during the summer season. There are plenty of hotels, guest houses and restaurants, as well as 10 pubs or bars within a quarter-mile radius. In addition to the inevitable souvenir shops, there are also a number of shops dealing in specialist arts and crafts, and stores selling clothing and equipment for outdoor pursuits.
I was also happy with the results of processing, chilling, and waiting. ( it gets better the longer it stays in the refrigerator up to about a week)
Hey stop, the last moment between us
The Queen looks around, and as Bev is stuck behind the drones, she is not visible. "I see no Bev." Queenie teasingly says, and drags me towards the dancefloor.
That Evergreen was quite obscene,
Oh, and just in case you care, that was an original 1964 canvas top in MINT condition, which is extremely hard to find. Now I'll probably have to settle for replacing it with a cheap vinyl reproduction.
There are various reasons a medium or psychic would refuse or be unable to do a reading for you and yet the first thing everyone always thinks if it happens to them is, ‘Oh, goodness, they’ve seen I’m going to die and so they can’t see anything ahead of me.’ This really isn’t why it is at all and sadly, most of them don’t, or won’t, tell you why they aren’t doing you a reading and this just causes worry and upset for the one who is turned away. Even if they do tell you why, most will go away worried and think the above anyway.
Wonder if I can get a grant to take a trip with my Perseus on a cruise liner around the Northern Oceans doing field strength surveys?
“That’s the newest fashion for you. Now, we need mice.” She drew Cinderella away. The ragged maiden stared. “Ah! I have just the thing!” Hiding the list in her sleeve, Hilda summoned the items she wanted. The fighting teddy bear, though useless as a princess’s bodyguard in the woods, managed to round up six mice, a cat, and various others without difficulty. As they arrived, Hilda set her teeth and willed herself to remember everything right. Again and again her wand flicked out, as her spells did their transforming work. “Bippity-Boppity-Boo!”
I tried to tell them. But they talked fast. Eventually the teacher stepped in and class began. I heard them whisper behind me, as I sat in the front row. Then finally when the teacher turned, the boy behind me told me he had saw my file earlier in the teacher's office and knew that I was not a "Han" like the rest of them.
Olive oil, salt & pepper
Ultra Mega Technobandið Stefán
The other night I was too tired, hot and cranky to bother cooking a real meal, so I went to the grocery store (because we were out of bread, and other important things). I came home with blueberry yogurt (because they had no raspberry in my favorite brand), a mixed-berry smoothie, a punnet of fresh raspberries and a pint of Haagen-Dazs raspberry sorbet.
Otherwise I might just give up and sell the lot!!!! Yeah, right!!!
Memory: Memory Stick Duo
Las Cruces, or Crosses, is a popular competition of crosses in which, every year, each barrio dedicates time and money in order to create these beautifully artistic floral crosses. Each cross is a representation of the pride and spirit in the barrio and are typically surrounded by potted plants and flowers in colours that complement the unique attributes of each zone. The crosses bring the community out in force in order to honour the work that has gone into making these elaborate and colourful crosses while also delighting in the possibility that their cross could earn them the much sought after title of Best Cross! As well as this sacred title, there are several monetary prizes up for grabs in this competition, these prizes range from €665 to €1165, making this competition a very profitable one for each winning community!
Treston, the athlete.
As a child, I remember devouring the Little House series. I was a reluctant reader, but when my grandmother introduced me to Laura Ingalls Wilder, I was hooked on books. Her stories were written about everyday pioneer life and are a timeless collection, still recommended by elementary educators today.
I never doubted Jennifer Ashley as a writer, but this book is so important to the series. It’s easy in previous books to get frustrated with how high-handed Hart is, even while you know he loves his brothers. Through Eleanor – the one person who remembers the much more carefree, younger Hart – the reader sees the loving man who has pushed aside his own personality so he can channel his energy into political ambition and show his dead father that no amount of abuse could keep him from being a success.
I’m a big fan of the happily ever after movement. You know, where the handsome prince comes in and saves the princess and carries her back to his castle. Sigh.
31. Do you have rewards for certain goals?
Short term it has been important to observe how this advance is unfolding. Thus far it looks impulsive. The SPX has rallied in 5 waves up from 1359 to 1407. It then pulled back to SPX 1394 yesterday, and now today advanced to 1415. The rally from SPX 1394 can either unfold as a 3rd wave, or a C wave, as it works its way higher. This afternoon’s pullback to SPX 1405 also fits into the pattern. Short term, at least, this market should head higher.
“The environmental impact per unit of livestock production must be cut by half, just to avoid increasing the level of damage beyond its present level.”
Image Colored with Copics
Aaron James bass
Naik’s statements are laden with errors. First, there were not twelve disciples when Jesus prayed in John 17 but eleven since Judas had already left to betray Jesus. Besides, Jesus himself said he wasn’t praying for Judas:
Wakened from dreams
On Saturday I'll be posting the first of 3 days of Previews for the Waltzingmouse May Release - Claire has 3 lovely sets coming out this month. Previews will be May 5th, 6th and 7th and the release will be on Tuesday May 8th! You won't want to miss it!
In such a regrettable scenario, they’d have to pay for everything independently. They’d have to pay for each and every thing burgled and its installment charges also. Using this method, they would end up paying for just about every service and object two times. Quite possibly, they might need to pay higher this time around as the expense of everything goes up almost every other day.
The number one tip I have for building an audience is be authentic. Write in your own voice. As you are reading this, you are hearing me. You know, that American chick living in the UK. That mom who loves her kids, but also pulls her hair out when things start going off the rails. You know, that woman who loves her husband, but takes the mickey out of him at least once a day to keep him from getting too high in the instep. You are reading me and really all your readers want to read is you. An authentic you.
I like blogs. I like the huge variety of blogs out there, but I'm sad to see so many blogs are closed up, their lights out and nobody home.
The customer retorted, “Oh don’t be silly. Everyone knows where it is. Check your map!”
Time you wake up: Before I'm ready normally
Unfortunately, as a child, I was unaware that one was not to converse out loud with the voices in their head. 6 psychologists (some of those people really need help) and various medications later we learned to hide the error of our ways, for the most part.
The cheerleader cheered her last game and hung up her poms. She got a summer job in a new ice cream shop. She is currently interviewing for a couple of scholarships and counting down the days until she graduates.
Usually when I think of Kababs/Kebabs, they are either baked or pan fried. This one is different from the rest as they are deep fried using a marinade. In Bangalore, you can find people selling these not only in restaurants but also in those road side shops which opens only after 6.30 pm and their menu doesn't go beyond Fried Rice and Chicken Kababs.
“Speaking of Apraxia” is the first-ever comprehensive guide exclusively devoted to parents of children with apraxia. It’s 400+ pages cover the diagnosis, how to find help, types of treatment, things to do at home, parent experience, professional insights, and more. You can purchase the book at www.amazon.com, www.woodbinehouse.com, at www.barnesandnoble.com and some Barnes & Noble stores. (if you don’t see it on the shelf, just ask!).
"I love my new Tone Ups slippers and sneakers! You haven't steered me wrong yet!!! Maybe Mommy tried to skip in them!!!"Okay, two things. One, my mother recently discovered that she is no longer able to skip. You might wonder, "How on earth does one come to that realization? Does it one day hit you, 'Hey, I haven't skipped in a while... I wonder if I still have it in me?'"
You also get lower circulation, dropping stock prices and lost credibility.
Insta hang also looks kind of useful, although things do go a bit black and white there for a while, when hanging a picture the old way. Not sure it ever went black and white for me though whilst hanging pictures but let’s roll with it. Although I start to wonder if I could use it to hang my boy on the wall by his t-shirt. I probably should not get this one. Or only let my wife use it.
On Your Gracile Tiptoe is a fun summer coral creme. It reminds me a lot of Cult Nails Scandalous, only it's a bit pinker and brighter. The flash photo is more colour accurate. I had a hard time with the formula because it was quite thick and sticky so I used 3 coats to even it out. It was really humid when I swatched it though, so that could have been what was making the formula difficult to work with. Applying polish in Christchurch is always so much easier than in Auckland, it's a amazing what a few degrees and drop in humidity does to my lacquers!
Acne is a complex beauty issue as it can be aggravated by many factors. In my book I explain the different types of acne and their causes - for example, some break outs are caused by inflammation, while others are caused by dehydration. One thing I think is important is to know that acne is not simply caused by bacteria or clogged pores, they are a symptom of some other imbalance.
For years I kept an eye on the Old Woman, listened in when I heard her speaking to others. Sometimes she spoke to the trees. I wondered if they spoke back to her. If they did, I couldn’t hear them. But she talked to them like old friends, had conversations. Her face was like the crinkled bark of a tree. Sometimes I wondered that she’d spent so long among them she was becoming one.
Times are way better now. He treats visitors from everywhere for donations, and locals for free. We went initially hoping to find something for altitude sickness. We were welcomed into his cluttered home office, attached to a storage room with big jugs of powdered herbs, roots, and mountain flowers. He sat David down and began a consultation concerning his habits, aches and pains, and lifestyle and well-being.
We eventually make it into the bustling dining room, filled with the clatter of chopsticks and a constant tide of waiters delivering dishes to hungry diners. A portable carry-stand for keeping our handbags off the floor is opened with a flourish by our efficient waiter, and a silk chaircover is wordlessly placed over the jackets hanging on our chairs to protect them from accidental spillage.
'Jim and the beanstalk' by Raymond Briggs is a sequel to Jack. Jim goes up the beanstalk to find a sad, bald, giant in bad health. He helps him to get glasses, new teeth and wig and gets a gold coin in return. A happy ending to Jack stealing from the giant!
Then my second reality check came: the deadline for book two of the demon hunter series. I’m hard at work on it, but I will admit it has been challenging. I am a slow writer (I revise as I go) and I haven’t given up my day job or put up my teenager for adoption. But I will get there!
I find myself standing in the doctor’s office watching my sister get an ultrasound to find out the sex of her first baby.
In order to understand PJAM, you have to understand what I was like back then. I was a weird kid, and I pretty much didn’t understand the whole friendship thing. I didn’t understand why people made friends in school. I was like, I go to school to learn, not to have friends. Besides, I already had lots of friends, and they were my cousins. Erika, Erinn, Eroll, Erijah, Era, and Annika lived next door, so I had enough playmates. My mom would tell me, Why don’t you go out and play with the neighbors? I would say Ma, I don’t have to befriend the world. I didn’t think I was shy. I just didn’t get the friends thing. I mean if you already had six playmates, why do you need more? It was like friendship gluttony. People interpreted my behavior as shyness and that label stuck. I became shy even if I really wasn’t.
Okay, so we know fad dieting sucks. It’s stupid and doing it is the exact opposite of loving yourself…. but you do it anyway. You drop 30, 40, maybe even 50 lbs! Then late summer and fall and winter hit and you blow it. The holidays kick your ass and you’re back up to your start weight or even (heaven forbid) a bit heavier. Given your scale obsession you freak out.
Naruto 583 (2:40 — 6:08)
Why It’s Working: MassChallenge is mission-driven and works with “high-impact” startups. The accelerator doesn’t take equity in the companies it works with and it’s helped the startups raise more than $100 million and create 500 jobs.
our rot is not.
"A toast!", "a toast!"
Up Against The Wall (Jump Smokers No Rap Intro Radio Edit) Electronica 126 bpm 3:54
Top Row: Summer - Pancake Sun (with maple syrup hiding underneath in a little cup); Winter - Popcorn Snow; Spring - Fairy bread Flower with mini M&M centre.
“Kendras bak, I cant blieve this. she says its so danny can help her with her singng more. ugh i hate her so mch”
Spoon into the muffin cups and bake for about 20-25 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool in pan for 5 minutes. Remove from pan and continue cooling until cool enough to handle.
Can I just say it again?
John Veitch of Dawyck lived at Dawyck in Drumelzier parish. His house was pulled down in the 1830s and its stone reused to build the present house. Dawyck is still a private residence, but the heart of his estate is open to the public as a Royal Botanical Garden.
This is a fun easy doll, with a wonderful result."
Ail ou radis ?
I will look at You with wonder
INTA Academic Day and Annual Meeting Registration Information: INTA offers a variety of discounted registration options for INTA professor and student members and non-member professors and students to attend the 2011 INTA Annual Meeting. For Annual Meeting registration information, please contact Carin Diep-Dixon at cdiep@inta.org."The IPKat urges his academic friends, foes and colleagues to come to the INTA Meeting if they can. The organisation has done so much to make itself academic-friendly and has very accommodating registration rates. Also, once you're there you don't need to spend anything on food or drink since there's so much of it around -- so if your institution won't pay for you to go, make it your holiday instead!
Paper: lucky limeade (SU), heavenly white (PaperTemptress), designer paper (BG)
I recently sat down with Christina (okay, so there might have been sitting on both ends, but we weren't actually sitting next to each other--oh, the joys of the internet) and asked her a few questions.
(I’ve asked this one before, but, well, it’s not like the answers stay the same, and darn it, it’s an interesting question!)
On my first runthrough of the game I was impossibly relieved when I got given a revolver and six bullets, because it was the solution to my impending starvation. I took it straight to the nearest corner store and swapped it for a bottle of milk and a can of vegetables. The next day food doubled in price.
Lauren says, "My favorite thing about digital stamps is that after you've settled on a design you can effortlessly make as many cards as you'd like! I used the Christmas Ornaments set to create a template for a set of adorable 4" round ornament-shaped cards that will go to my nieces and nephews this December. I used a coordinating paper pad to mix-n-match patterns in order to make cards that were very similar... but each unique! The "real" hanging wires and bead details make them just a little bit more special."
1 collaboration
because she has lost the will.
i had to document the date with candied hearts. just so future-me wouldn't think i was bluffing about the warmness of february.
Similar to the above, second on the essentials list are trainers. Let’s get real here, the trainers you wore before and during pregnancy may no longer be suitable. It’s not uncommon for pregnant women’s feet to swell up to one shoe size, so, if when you put your dusty old trainers on for the first time since giving birth, that they feel too tight, chances are, they need replacing. A lot of new mums come to me saying they suffer with knee pain. The first thing I do is take a look at their trainers, and 9 times out of 10, they’ve had it. So, if you’re serious about getting back into shape, you’ve got to look after your very foundation, which are your feet. Trainers should feel comfortable, and give you adequate support too (just like your sports bra), so don’t just buy trainers because they “look good”, they’ve got to “feel good” too. Trainers come in all shapes and sizes and styles, but you’ve got to know the difference between a cross trainer and a running shoe, for example, so ask in store what sorts of activities each shoe is designed for, when you try them on.
ME: Honk yourself.
OG=1.050@72F
Vanessa was hard for me to engage with as a character; she is always uncertain and always scared. She grows a little in this story but not much and I found her difficult to be inspired by and hard to relate to. She was also incredibly dense, she just didn't understand things and how they related and it frustrated me.
257. V. The Tempest, as above.
PRAYER: Lord, it is often hard for us to believe that Your plan for us is really the best or even that it is good! Often, Your plan seems confusing and painful. Let us trust in Your character, and Your promise, that Your plan for us to for good and to give us life and a future! In Jesus’ name, Amen.
6. I've always wished I was musically inclined (cannot carry a tune with a basket or play any instrument)
Addendum:
American Apparel high waist pleated pants
I’m Shadonna, author of An Unexpected Bride, a romantic comedy about Emma Wiggins who is about to marry her heart-stopping, gorgeous boss, CEO Evan Fletcher in seven days. Only he doesn’t know about it yet! Since An Unexpected Bride centers around the theme of weddings, I thought I’d make a fun list, based on research and funny wedding videos I’ve seen.
-The boys
The restaurant – famed as the latest venue for acclaimed Scottish chef Steven Adair – offers contemporary yet affordable Scottish cuisine using the very best locally sourced ingredients.
Ok, here goes. As you all remember, Cimiteria has a hunchback servant/lover called Quasimodo. After a visit to the Bermuda triangle and a subsequent rape by an alien from the planet of homosexuals, the poor little guy gets pregnant. Here are some snapshots from the family album:
As great as all those things are, the most important aspect of my happiness falls directly on the fact that I am content and happy with myself as a person. There is no better feeling to have.
Santa, if you are reading, I would love the Irene Sharaff yellow silk chiffon wedding dress worn on her first wedding day to Richard Burton in l964. It's a steal at 40,000-60,000. Just put in a bid on the low side and see what happens:)
The problem is though, that when you get to enjoy all that hype and buzz the music media and blogosphere have created for you, it’s hard to stay grounded. While arrogance and frequent use of ‘fuck’ on stage can be interpreted as confidence by some, to others it’s quite off-putting.
–The “Do You Weigh More Than an Elephant?” Test
I'll save you the long version of how I struggled with this and that in the area of IT, and skip to the part where a long time friend of mine's son helped me to FINALLY get off the ground and out of the muck! I"m so excited I can't stand it! It is still a work in progress and not as slick and groovy as I'd hoped, but it's there and it's real and functioning.
Start diggin'!
Norbert
2:00 came and went and Al wasn't back. Calls to Al's cell weren't answered, calls to the babysitter confirmed my kids were not there. I entered an excruciating hangover/panic mode, which is when you're freaked out about the whereabouts of your loved ones but your head hurts so badly you can only sit limply on the couch like a person with no bones and cry.
I looked at the clock and saw it was eight in the morning. I had barely two hours of rest. My head was hurting from the lack of sleep and alcohol intake from last night. I took a deep sigh and started cleaning up the mess.
I think this speaks to how we think of race as an unchanging dynamic today even though it’s been in fluctuation since the concept was created. Also it works to disabuse people of the notion that there was an overwhelming consensus in the Civil Rights Era as it’s been properly defined when our heroes of yesteryear had many of the intra-community pressures and differences that people still hold today. The interview is great and I’d recommend folks to go read the whole thing.
- QC Rep. Winnie Castelo and his Anti-Planking Act of 2011
hot sauce (so funny! Every time I open the fridge, he makes a beeline for Hubs' Tabasco, and I always say "no, no, we don't play with the hot sauce, and lo and behold, he added a new phrase to his vocab!)
Routes any 16 computers to any 16 monitors with cross-point capability, supporting resolutions up to 1920×1200 or 1080p.
This is how I discovered the maa aankh, a Kamitic – Kongo inspired cosmogram based upon my ancestors’ cultural perspective, which reveals my divinity and uniqueness. Instead of making me feel inferior or culturally subservient to others.
That's right, drop cloths! You can buy them at any hardware store, even Wal-Mart. Mine are from Home Depot. Here are the kickers that make them utterly amazing:
The debate was a long, bad-tempered affair that left the impression that neither candidate liked each other, plenty of angry exchanges and accusations that saw both candidates accusing each other of liars.
For me, novels are such big projects that there are many different finish lines. The one I crossed today is an important one. Now I have a structure and story in place. The bones of the book are all there. I've done most of the important research, though there's still lots more to fill in (but now I'll have a better sense of what I'm missing). But my first drafts are rough--practically unreadable, I'm sure, to anyone but me. Now it's all about clarifying the characters and working on the language. I write a book like a painter might make a painting, first with thin pencil lines, and then gradually adding more and more layers of color, until the whole image finally comes together. I've still got a long way to go.
Boil the Potatoes. They should not crack or break. Now cut it in half and scoop out the centre. Mash the scooped out portion and keep aside.
..and part of our rhythm is Nature Walks..and so it begins.
We watered the magnolia tree, have our first flower! Another one is about to bloom soon.
For the budding novelist hungry for fame and fortune, I am probably not a very good role model. Forgive me not providing a magic bullet for recognition and mass readership. And who knows? Lightening might strike, and you will find that your novel fulfills your hopes and dreams for recognition and, with luck, lots of money.
I suddenly develop great stammering skills
This is when I did something very, very bad and ended up in jail. I was thirty nine years old, and at this point, I completely destroyed everything in my life, and I mean everything. I was at the lowest point I had ever been. I even contemplated suicide.
Still, some of my quibbles can reasonably be seen as those of a fan who would never be completely happy with any adaptation. My main point is, if your on the fence because of the negative press, you shouldn't be.
Ok, in truth there’s no such thing as “the” right choice when it comes picking the Kodak Zi8 or the Playsport Zx5. Both are outstanding. But the Zi8 is more than a year and a half old already and the Kodak Zx5 is brand-spanking new. So, balancing features versus price can be tough in this case.
i remember little things here and there. the music is hazy and embarrassing.
From April, we will have two primary school teams on the road running sessions for parents every day; this booklet is designed to encourage and support parents in their role as “primary educators” of their children on fundamental matters of faith and relationships.
The University is leasing the space at a fixed, flat rate regardless of whether the space is filled with students or empty.
He said that HRT has certified about 5.2 billion barrels of potential reserves.
Scrupulous and enthusiastic
It was recorded at Studio 12B in Reykjavik – who owns and runs the studio and how come you recorded there?
Adam Scott makes a nice leap from the small screen (he’s so good in the series Party Down, as well as Parks & Recreation) and the rest of the supporting cast (Maya Rudolph, Jon Hamm, Chris O’Dowd, Kristen Wiig) inhabit their roles with that effortless ease you’d expect from actors accustomed to being in front of the camera.
What do we have in Iraq?
They leave next Tuesday and this mother and dad are excited and have heavy hearts at the same time. I know Lindsey's parents are feeling the same as Tony and I are. Their house is empty - everything is in storage (imagine all those new wedding gifts), and they are SO anxious to leave. They are packed and ready to go. I know they'll miss all their family back home, but this is something they've both wanted to do for a long time. And it's an awesome time in their young lives to go! We wouldn't feel NEAR as comfortable with their decision if they didn't already have some good Christian people over there to welcome them and help them to get on their feet!
Although I haven't written that many blog posts yet and as such have not shared "117 little miracles" I figured that each of us has had at least that many to begin with in our lives, so it's a good round number to begin calculating from. I think some people who read here may think that some of the things I look at as "miracles" are just mere coincidences ... if you understand that I don't think ANYTHING is a coincidence then you can enjoy reading without critiquing.
“All children are jerks during holidays, important events, and moments of pure brilliance on the part of their parents. There is a secret society of children that gathers together while we are drinking our wine in the evenings after they’re in bed. The children all gather in the astral plane and plan ways to torment their parents on days that we like to tell ourselves are ‘all about family (ie: the children).’ All memory of this secret society is removed from our brains the moment we produce our own offspring. Tru fax.”
What are the paint colors in your home?
I made my gym goal for last week!! I made it to the gym 3 times. Woot! I am pretty darn psyched about that. Hubs and I went to Zumba Saturday morning and oooo eeee... it kicked my butt. Still LOVE me some Zumba. New instructor was fun... a little lower impact than the last instructor... but high intensity none the less.
Matador, 2011. ISBN 978-1848766105. 325 pages. Review copy kindly provided by author.
“Yes, Doctor, I’ve noticed that. But can’t you treat it? Am I going to lose my sight?” I was beginning to panic.
August is going to be a busy month! Please check back tomorrow for updates on SFV area drives and even a fundraiser!
And then, as I was walking to the subway, a Chinese couple (and yes I know they were Chinese! I speak Mandarin!) was doing a marriage photo shoot in the middle of Times Square.
I heard the broadcast on the evening news...
Oh, I was also given a slip – a notice and reminder of what I’m expected to do at 8.30AM on Wednesday 11 February 2009. It was still just past 10AM. There was something good about that drama – the state of lethargy I had been in since a few weeks ago (mostly due to work-related stress) was gone! Instead, I was quite pumped up from all the excitement… plus the good feelings of feeling appreciative of the concerns and efforts of friends – people who didn’t abandon me in that time of need.
Sam reassured me that parents, guardians and relatives will be updated by the days’ activities through facebook . As volunteers they were advised to refrain from using their phones except during emergencies because they need to be focused on the kids that they will be taking care of. They have schedules that needed to be followed. Activities like swimming, arts and crafts, visiting the locality and other tourist attractions, going to church and a Special Olympics will definitely fill those ten days. She added that by the time she and Red returns home, he would have learned how to swim and improved on his speech.
Selling my soul for a red carpet and bright lights,
Offer valid for arrivals on most nights 10/3-11/23/10, 11/27-12/25/10 and 1/1-2/16/11.
A great resource and study in how to use crisis to inspire and implement change:
Jack Dromey MP
I really do still need to try those fake lip tattoos..
Citrus - Vitamin C in colorful fruits and veggies like oranges and red peppers can help rid you of 30% more fat during aerobic type exercise.
Friend A. Sleeps around. Women fall for him and he tells them he’s not into long term relationships. But one in particular lingers on in hope. In between other lovers, Friend A still sees this woman, because he might get ‘lonely’. Friend A’s dating life is littered with disappointed and bitter ex lovers. Is that Friend A’s fault? As he says, ‘I was honest – and they CHOSE to be with me. They’re big girls. They can look after themselves.’
Tapped his iPhone.
Meanwhile, D will be at Pardes for the first year and the time thereafter will be determined as it grows closer. He may stay at Pardes, learn in the Beit Midrash at Bar Ilan, spend some time at HaMivtar, or explore a yeshiva we don’t know about yet. Only time will tell how the specifics all shake down. He does have conditional acceptance to what seems to be a perfect fit for a rabbinical school, however we are always exploring the programs we may not have previously known about so that we can both make our dreams come true.
See, see God in nations
Recent postings surrounding the "Red Bus" decision (http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWPCC/2012/1.html) have inspired me to make some brief observations about the French copyright law's approach to the issue of the protection of photographs.
Yeah, I know...all that blather when I just could've said, "I got a new car!" But where's the fun in that? And yes, it is that cool. Not to mention all the fun we can have with the name: Those better not be paw-prints on my Soul. My Soul is filthy. We share a Soul. Save our Soul. Please do not lean on our Soul. The possibilities are endless.
6. The Weapons of Mass Destruction Room (which no one has been able to find).
Obligingly, she did so. We could hear it vibrating, but, to our dismay, it sounded like it was somehow inside the washing machine. Well, that was impossible, since if it had been, it would no longer be working, considering the inaugural laundry we had just run through it. But maybe it was behind it. Maybe it had fallen out of a pocket one of the times I was climbing back and forth. I didn’t remember having had it in my pocket, but . . . I also didn’t remember where it was at all. So we pulled the machine forward. I climbed back there. Nothing. We shone a flashlight on either side of it. Nothing. We tipped it forward and back to see if the phone had somehow gotten underneath. Nothing. Daughter kept calling it, and it kept vibrating like the tell-tale heart,
Comedy as a genre has always been a favourite among film audiences and films like Kadhalikka Neramillai, Thillu Mullu and Michael Madana Kama Rajan still garner good TRPs whenever they are screened on television. Till the early 2000s, each year used to have its share of half-a-dozen comedies that proved successful both with the audiences and at the box office. But, over for the last few years, comedies had been dwindling, both in terms of quality and quantity. Think of the comedy films that came out during the last five years and you will end up with a list of only a handful of films like Tamizh Padam, Boss Engira Baskaran and Kalavani.
What do you think?? let me know.
“No,” Brian and Lisa refused her in unison. Aisha made a face, but didn’t seem too bothered.
I guess what I’m saying is that there is a difference between saying ‘Yeah, I can relate’ and acting as though your problems and mine are reflections of the same thing. What I go through, another can never understand – you can catch glimpses, share a few similar traits, I can describe intimately and accurately – but no one else lives with what I live with.
These three will learn that they have not been fully abandoned—and that in connection lies hope, even on the darkest of nights.
Recently, I have just picked up a new craft, tatting. It is an art of creating lace with just a simple thread and a shuttle or needle. I must say this craft is intriguing and addictive. Last Saturday, members of this interest group (Shuttles & Needles) which I joined had a small gathering. I thought it would be great if I make a cake of the same theme. To be honest, I have no inkling of needle tatting. So if the loops I made for the needle is incorrect, I apologise.
I made this angel for me
The love that I have sent away with the floating clouds, oh oh
Bedroom Electronic Pop.
My most irrational act: Being stolen in 1911
Andy appears to be level headed guy who's just laying out the facts. He looks and sounds rational....
I also ordered for their newest dessert - Sundae Mix-Ins Milo Blast - but the person manning the counter didn't punch my order, so it wasn't delivered to us, and we decided not to make a new order. Maybe I'd try it next time.
Singapore should learn from the targeted immigration policy adopted by Silla and focused on getting immigrants who can integrate more easily into our society such as those from the southern provinces of China, Hong Kong and Taiwan of which a basic command of the English language is a must instead of accepting everybody indiscriminately like Balhae without studying if they are culturally, ethnically and linguistically compatible with native Singaporeans in the first place.
The one that I liked best came from the two chefs who’d lost 145 pounds between them and it was this: Have some food rules. The examples they gave were: “I don’t eat fried food” and “I won’t eat processed carbs after 3 pm.”
To save the few remaining foxes, bald eagles are being brought in to drive out the golden eagles (Polakovic 1999; Todd 2004). These experiments in restoration reveal the problems inherent in suddenly removing elements from a biotic community on a species by species basis. They should instruct us of the complex interactions of the various elements of the present day Island ecology and the need to take into account the contributions of the introduced animals. They should certainly lead us to question whether restoration, as distinct from conservation, is a feasible goal, and, if not, why animals are being shot in pursuit of it.
1/4 cup butter
After starting another blog, Ann’s Furry Friends, which I never write on. I decided it was much easier to write about everything and nothing then keep to one subject. RamblinAnn, a combo of The Allman Brothers, Ramblin Man, and Led Zeppelin’s, Ramble On, was hatched. Dickey Betts, by the way has very soft lips.
But either way, it is outside of ones comfort zone.
My youngest son was dragging his feet and said he didn't want to go tubing. I think he was just cold and needed some time to warm up in the snack bar area. When he got to the bottom of the hill his first time, he bounced up and down with glee, saying, "Again! Again!"
Older saints… God is not finished with you yet… Build your life around the Lord… Rejoice…
LET RISE 45 minutes
There's no way he's going to even think about upsetting Erdogan over a genocide the Turks still claim never occurred.
After having a great weekend with Christian friends things are on a high for a while and then down the next week. I'm reminded now of the song "Party"! Good times here on earth are just a reminder of what it'll be up there. So for now, let's enjoy the good times we have and if anyone is struggling, just hold on and God will provide. "Oh the answer will come but only in His time, stand still and let God move".
Row 1- ch4, 11dc in 4th ch from hook, join. (12)Row 2- ch1, 2sc in join, 2sc in each dc, join, (24
(five, if you count the trunk)
The Upfronts are less than a month away and yet many pilots have yet to screen for their respective nets. In fact, a number aren’t even completed yet. Lots of pre upfront buzz on what new shows are looking hot has begun and there’s a lot of conjecture, even among people in the know. Many sure things at this point last year considerably cooled by the time it counted and vice versa. There’s really no way to make an accurate prediction, unless you’re lucky to be in those scheduling room meetings. But, there are a fair amount of things that would appear to be safe bets, in terms of each nets respective needs and where they might make some moves. I freely admit I am just (educated) guessing here, but hopefully I am not way off base in my thought process.
My spoons in hand, I thanked the stranger for his help. He smiled and shook his hands as if saying "it's nothing" before walking away into the crowd. Or was he waving me goodbye? He reminded me of someone, but I couldn't think of whom. Later I reckoned he was one of the increasing number of Chinese immigrant who worked in Korea while sending money back home to their families. I so reckoned because it had become a new and popular trend then, given the economic and job market disparities. But I didn't have time to ask.
But know what? That will not do. It means I accept that we are like a rubber dingy on the sea of life, a dingy without oars or paddles that is. And I know that is not true, is not me! Right at this moment I feel like I have found the paddles again. And even though I know there has been a time when I was not just using paddles, but had even crafted myself a strong sturdy out board motor and was going places, right now I am using paddles. And boy is it hard. Every single day I lose them, not just once but three or four times, and I take a deep breath and just try to cope with disappointing myself again.
What will happen? You don't know...and until I finish the first draft that I'm starting, I don't know.
I cannot bear this chain that clung to me as I implored for your love
for protecting our rights rather than eroding them by seeking to impose
Servant of God- for the people for God for his praise and glory. Listens, sees, hears, obeys, follows and leads, reads and gains wisdom, reports to/for God, sees with the Spirit and identifies with Jesus/God.
This primer can be worn with any foundation and it is infused with Vitamins A & E and Grapeseed Extract. So not only, you'll achieve that flawless makeup you've dreamed of, but your skin will thank you too!
My crafty mate Sheila, who is with me today, has NICKED them already and is Ooooo and Ahhhhhh all over them !
Being as a Chinese, I believe most of us all like to drink soups, any type of soups and more so putting herbal in the soups, right? And more so, soups are very healthy for the elderly.
But this arrangement was in breach of Parliament’s rules, which do not allow party-political fundraising in the House of Westminster, and Mr Cameron was forced to ‘unreservedly apologise’ after he was rebuked by the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards, Sir Philip Mawer.
The Chemical Brothers – Further (2010): The Chemical Brothers are back, with an album that definitely ranks high up in their discography. The first two songs, “Snow” and “Escape Velocity,” complement each other perfectly and set the tone for this excellent house recording. Catchy beats and good use of layers and dynamics make this a fun album through and through.
If you think in terms of nation-states, you won’t understand how these groups work.
Initially I thought giving drug addicts a medical solution rather than just criminalising them was an in-genius idea. Giving power to the individual and allowing an addict to make a mature collective decision about their own health- if they wanted it. My interview with Gary Doherty continued to reveal that treatment plans are not at the right standard and how un-educated staff are about drugs: “Drug addiction is a grey area…the medics believe because addiction is partially psychological they believe it’s a psychiatrist job and the psychiatrist believe that addiction can be medically treated, so they believe medics should be dealing with it. But because it’s a grey area…no one wants to touch it.”
« ... the photograph at issue did not reveal, in its various constituent elements, any esthetic pursuit and that it was merely the result of know-how underlying a technical service… »
"The robots," she said. "The robots are, they're talking to me."
Coming off of a computer related anime hiatus I started things back with this show about a couple of pretty boys who are tasked by their landlady to turn her super creepy niece into a lady.
Pour into the crust. It will be quite full.
Maybe I can petition whoever gets petitioned in these cases to allow the creation of a list. That list would contain names of pre-approved people chosen to become recipients of all my extra parts.
You can hear between 4:00 to 5:50 minutes a handler say, "The G.A. can't HEAR in their meetings (in the middle of the park) because the DRUMS are so LOUD!" Sounds like sweet revenge to me...
The bacteria lost particular vital functions by somehow letting go of the genes that aided those functions. The bacteria survived by relying on nearby microbes to perform that vital task for them. Without devoting resources to that function, the bacteria are free to perform other roles more economically.
It is only the one, however, that Morgan sees as a real money maker and he is direct to the point of bluntness: he proposes to illuminate America, beginning with his own home, followed by the rest of New York and ultimately the whole of America, not that he is content to leave it there; Europe is also in his sights:
From here, you continue to make the same knots, ALWAYS MAKING SURE YOU LEAD WITH YOUR LEAD LENGTH!
Gods and Goddesses, please be with The Heir.
Chris Hirschfeld focuses on helping families build and protect their personal wealth while assisting business owners with their executive compensation, business continuity and business succession plans. He is a registered representative with OneAmerica Securities and an insurance representative with American United Life Insurance Company, both OneAmerica companies. Hirschfeld has an undergraduate degree from the University of Notre Dame and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Chicago. He resides in Indianapolis with his wife and two children.
I liked Megan's slightly darker personality and could relate to her. I have also known many "Morgans" in my life as well. The male characters, hot smoldering Vampires, will have you falling hard, just like Megan.
- The recipes are tested by a dad of two. They are family- friendly recipes that you can make at home. And there are lots of explanations.
I downloaded some photography videos of Rob Heyman. I was watching it last night while talking to Tatlim and I got inspired with his works and also with his motto, KISS ~”Keep It Simple, Stupid!”
The central flower stamp is a lovely stamp by Judikins that I picked up at the stamp exhibition I visited last month. The little butterfly is a Silhouette cutting file that I offset to cut the outer portion. The sentiment is a freebie from Ali Edwards that I got through the "A Cut Above" class.
As the ‘War Machine’ rolls into town for a summit, expect that the
My friend Dancing In The Rain is back with this entry. I'm still recovering from the holidays (N.B. This is not me, it's my friend Dancing In The Rain - let's see how many comments are addressed to Midlife anyway :) )
Clint Hill has capped a remarkable season by scooping both the Player's Player and Supporters' Player of the Year awards.
“You think the anti-rat fly-paper would work?” I asked.
Anyway, as I was saying, unlike Dooce, who probably never reads her comments (which is why I never write one on her blog, because seriously, after #246, what's the point?), I savor each and every morsel you leave me. I take your words and swirl them around in my mouth for a bit, and then raise my hands to the heavens and shout them for all the gods to hear. That's how much I love you guys. Just saying. (Come on 160!)
The easy part to see is the butterfly. This is a stamp from Lockhart Stamp Co. stamped onto Neenah Classic Crest cardstock with Tsukineko Memento Tuxedo Black ink. I can't remember what colors I used, except I know the purple is BV04.
My Faithful Readers it is entirely possibly my life could be in danger at this very moment.
As you know, I took a week-long vacation with my family at the beach just a few weeks ago.
- Use self etching primer made for metal or glass on your ceramic or glassware
On 21 February 2002, the Commission received a letter from Atty. Adaza, sent via the facilities of PTT, requesting for a resetting of the hearing from 18 March to 18 April 2002, claiming that he was already committed to attend a hearing at the Regional Trial Court, Branch 7, of Dipolog City on 20 March 2002.
Apparently the "courting bench" was a long, rocking-chair like contraption that young lovers used to bend the rules about sitting near each other. The young man would sit at one end and the young lady at the other end, where they could converse at a "safe" distance. But they could also "bounce" slightly down the rocking bench, eventually making their way closer and closer to each other. If they were really lucky they might actually end up sitting next to each other.
Worried about getting old in the workplace? Become a journalist.
Complete silence and darkness.
I considered contacting Bonzo for some mercenary assistance, but he specialised in battles, and this was a war. Also, he didn't like coming down past Nottingham because he thought the cops would be on his tail. Literally.
What a difference five years make.
His wife when questioned about it could not understand the shock - she stood by him.
This is a really cracking village pub - a very busy lounge (full of shoppers recuperating after the Farmer's Market) with Sky TV, a quieter bar/snug and an associated award winning Chinese restaurant next door. They were somewhat rushed off their feet this lunchtime, but still managed to make me feel welcome and chat about the beers. They have 5 hand-pulls, 2 permanent - Deuchars and Old Speckled Hen (what a pale shadow of the 5.2% beer of yore) and 3 guests, today Houston Challenger, Broughton Spring Ale and Belhaven Fruit Beer - perhaps a pretty safe choice but not at all bad. I've tried the Fruit Beer from bottle a couple of times and would have to agree with the Scottish Beer Guide in that it's not too impressive, but on cask it's far better - definitely some raspberry & blackberry flavour and a lot more body.
*Contact your favorite cable stations online to receive an advance schedule of programs. Then you can circle the ones that suit your studies, add them to your calendar, and be sure not to miss them. Channels such as HIST, TLC, DISC, LRN, and PBS will often have very informative shows (documentaries about the Pyramids or Robert E. Lee, Bill Nye the Science Guy, etc.)...just be aware of what point of view the topic is being approached from.
It seems like a LOT of basil, and it really is – but it’s not too much. I adore fresh basil.
Swing Bill
Ooi said the people who had made the exposé were so ignorant that they did not know that Christians pray with their hands raised and may have misunderstood it as an oath.
At this point in David’s career he was not a leader who simply sent out men into battle. David was a leader who fought in person.
Author: Vladimir Nabokov
The book discusses a 90-day rule before having sex and questions you should ask a man right out the gate (long-term goals, short-term goals). It also tells you how to distinguish if the man is a mamma’s boy or not very serious about you.
I love cuddling in front of an old movie with a bowl of popcorn on a cold night.
you will see more and more details of the girls'
I've found that the best time to shop there crowd-wise during non-business hours is around closing time on a Sunday or Monday night. This gives you one more hour to do that.
1923
(Okay, here it goes.)
With that coordination improved, you will be on the road to total healing. When you’re healed, you can decide to cut down this exercise to just twice a week for six (6) months. Then, move it down further to just once a week for the rest of your life. This is now more of a preventive medicine exercise, “para sigurado” as we say it in Filipino.
Remember this name - Ratna Lachman
Me: You only need to wear sneakers if its a gym day, do you know if it's a gym day?
blog posts if you want.
As South Park's Sheila Broflovski would say: "What, What, WHAT?"
Here are some blocks on which to sketch out your ideas. If you click on the picture, it will come up full size and you should be able to print it out so you can sketch as many times as you like.
Asked by the judge for the reason it occurred, counsel replied: 'Because she was on a rollercoaster and there was no right time to tell somebody who thought he was the father of the child. She was in an almost impossible position so far as coming clean,' counsel added.
in the midpoint of a life
Knowles reported on his website that production of the film’s opening sequence was underway.
If you are challenged by these round or oval shaped cards I have a little tip for ya. Others may have done this, but I've never seen it posted and I thought I had some kind of brainstorm! Chances are that I'm just probably not on top of the current tips!
The Indian pale ale for export is brewed as follows :—68 lb. of best hops are used for 1000 lb. of pale malt; 60 lb. of the hops are digested separately with 108 lb. of water at 75° C., and allowed to infuse. This hop infusion is added to the wort, which is then boiled with 8 lb. of hops. The author suggests that the hop infusion extracts the tannin of the hops, which precipitates the albuminoids of the wort during boiling, and the greenish shade is produced.
Most people love American Psycho, because it was literally fun to watch, and had kind of a light ending. We do too, but greatly prefer Rules Of Attraction to American Psycho, as it was fun (and even psychedelic) to watch, while having a real nihilist feel to it. It’s one of my favorite movies ever.
We managed to enjoy our families in 2009. We were able to see four of the five children in person, along with their children. We didn’t make it out to Las Vegas, but we were able to virtually visit thanks to phone calls, text messages and video calls. Our faithful Prius took us to Hendersonville every other week (sometimes more often than that) to help my folks. That involved a lot of miles, but my parents appreciate each and every trip we make.
This leafy green vegetable is a hallmark of Yucatan dishes and healing. Chaya leaves boast more iron, calcium and potassium than spinach and regulates blood sugar. You'll see it in soups, stews and in drinks like the zesty Jugo Verde. Chaya pronounced (chi ya) can also be prepared as a simple side flavored with garlic, which is how I like it.
HEROPUSS: a cat which behaves in a heroic manner - chasing off demons, trolls or vampires, and generally saving lives. (Cat's Eye, The Mummy, Sleepwalkers, Let the Right One In)
AW has also said that if he knew about Vermaelen’s fate, he would have signed a center back. Wow, he tells us. There’s no point sulking anymore. We have a long tournament-less summer to look forward to. You wouldn’t call the European Under-21 Championships a ‘tourney worth watching’. Will you?
A few of my friends helped me with hair and make-up and other last-minute preparations while the rest of my amazing supporters made matching t-shirts, posters and rehearsed cheers for my appearances onstage—it truly made my day!
That’s the place where they all got sick and the doctor had to come and give everyone but her father a shot of penicillin every day for a week. Cassie, who was four at the time, and her big sister, Sue, six-years old,were with Mom in the big bed. Their little brother, Billy, was in his crib pushed up against the wall. All of them were sweaty and coughing. No one was getting any sleep and Daddy had to bring them soup and pass out pills and change Billy’s diapers. Every day the doctor would ask Cassie and Sue who they wanted to get a shot first. Neither little girl would answer. Cassie always wanted to tell him to give the shot to their mother first. She was the only one who didn’t cry and maybe, just once, he’d get confused and forget about her. But she never got up the nerve to say anything. Some days she was first, some days Sue or Mom. Billy was always last everyone always got the shot
9. What was your biggest failure?
Have a great week and be sure to set aside some time for crafting. It is good for the soul!
So, New Years resolution? Not really because I plan on starting today! In this very moment! I've never been good at waiting!
In African countries people recognize and respect differences in power. According to Geert Hofstede’s Cultural Dimensions analysis the PDI (Power Distance Index) indicates that the extent to which the less powerful members of organizations and institutions (like the family) accept and expect that power is distributed unequally. The representation here is based on inequality (more versus less), but on the other hand defined from below, and not from above.
Sunderland’s Stéphane Sessègnon insists he is not looking to leave behind the delights that Wearside has to offer a young man in his prime. “I don’t feel that my work is finished here. It’s true when I first came here it was hard to get used to the style but now I like the Premier League and think I have improved. I’ve got no problem with life at Sunderland,” he said before unlatching the back door, slipping off his heavy shoes and sneaking out quietly and thumbing a lift in the direction of Paris St Germain.
toward those isles of yours that wait for me.
Instead, I stretch, yawn and roll over. How about you?
76 The Bell Jar – Sylvia Plath
Suzy McKee Charnas – Boobs
Which is better - One or two spaces after a period?
I assume these would also be available for those of you on Android devices, but you'll just have to search them out yourself, because (obviously) I'm a hard core Apple girl (no pun intended).
I don't always find Friendly Plastic quite as friendly as I would like ... but for small pieces of jewellery and lids and flat surfaces that I want to cover ... well ... it really is fabulous ... very effective and really quite simple.
This? Is my fantasy hair. The reality is that I would always put it behind my ears and end up with a butt-crack part. My hair looked like this for about a minute in college - before the hormonal soup of my thirties gave me curly hair.
But here’s the thing: I regularly hear my writer pals berate themselves for not getting on with their writing. They may feel they’re wasting time, they may think they’re slacking if they aren’t churning out words every single day. There’s this constantly nagging voice, it seems, screeching “Write, write, you must write at all costs or it will be hellfire and brimstone for you, you filthy slacker!” Perhaps it’s that Protestant work ethic on speed?
Nowadays, one can only stand and watch in astonishment how news and opinion is being manipulated in South Africa. The example I want to point out is the case of the new book being written by General Jannie Geldenhuys, former chief of the SA Defence Force (1985-1990).
A year later, they went to see it, and they were told that the lion wouldn't remember them; see what happened thus:
Lets pray next year the Canadian Video Game Awards receive the two hour time slot it so desperately requires. Or you could just come to the award show and see it in all of its glory.
I was half expecting the USTR to come out all guns blazing in this particular report because this particular decision in the Bayer CL can be applied across the board for pretty much any pharmaceutical patent. Given that the U.S. now seems to be to quite understanding of India’s need to issue compulsory licences, the government need not worry about offending one of its biggest trading partners.
Bright nights?
The hosting defence
At Knollwood Country Club, Par 36
Bake for 30 minutes or until the top is set in the center. The fruit will sink to the bottom.
I toiled across that bridge in the fetid warmth of the sun. I had my swag and a keyboard. I was also forced to wear a jacket. It couldn’t fit in my swag, I anticipated cold weather. Like a shrew this one of my many talents. Eventually I came to a bus stop, and thanks to the disgusting corruption of our corporatist regime, was able to get on a bus to Bungwahl free of charge.
My safe haven where I know…
I haven’t found much by way of Knitting/ crochet apps. A lot of people bemoan the fact that there isn’t a Ravelry app. My work-around for this is to set up a folder of bookmarks for the pages on Ravelry that I like to go to more often. It’s not an app but it’s a quick way to get around.
1 teaspoon minced garlic
And last but not least: What can be said about this? This is South Korea for you!!
Confectioner’s sugar
Later on when we ate the cake, the frosting was still silky but didn't have the same 'whipped cream' taste. Perhaps because it had hardened in the fridge, or because smoothing it on the cake made it more compact, but it had a much more buttery taste than when it was freshly whipped.
the 4 ay-em
Susan: What do you like about Matt?
I have a cold. Again. And a slight headache. I’m stressed out for no reason.
I hate allergy season. I can’t take non-drowsy allergy pills because they make me anxious, wired and more paranoid than Philip K. Dick on meth. The regular allergy pills make me drowsy, dull and somewhat negative and depressed. Had to step back from blogging for a week because of this. I’m not the misery loves company type and everything I was writing wasn’t cool.
were basking in the sun and swimming in these waters. They did not look too
Then you know it's Spring.
There I was ruminating over the Illustration Friday theme - dusty. I just didn't know what to do with myself. My mind wandered into old book shops with wizened old men sitting on stools in the corner surrounded by piles of dusty volumes... I dreamt of vintage bottles of vin rouge gathering a murky outside coating in the cellars of French Chateaux. I even contemplated sketching something in the dust on the TV. Until, at last the Muse rapped on the back of my eyelids then started singing something into the windmills of my mind. I think she was rather wishin and a hopin that I'd listen. She knows I'll try anything and, given that my weekly Sunday Sketch is beginning to have a theme of boundary pushing, then an attempt at an accurate portrait seemed perfect.
Shisha has dangerous effects on the body because it exposes the smoker to a much larger volume of smoke than what would be inhaled from a cigarette. Not only that, but shisha smokers are exposed to other toxins such as carbon monoxide, heavy metals, and a variety of cancer causing chemicals which are no less dangerous than those found in cigarette smoke.
In part one of this series I’m going to focus mostly on my own experiences over the past two months. If you’ve been following the blog at all you probably know that I’m prepping for my first bodybuilding competition this May. Obviously one of the biggest components of contest prep is diet. For the past 8 weeks I’ve been in calorie deficit about 95% of the time. This means I’m expending more energy than I’m taking in.
There will never be a film adaptation of this story that will satisfy me. Most on-screen renderings mix together Wonderland and the sequel Alice Through the Looking Glass. Props to Tim Burton for getting creative and making the film a follow-up rather than trying to re-render it (like he did and failed miserably with Charlie and the Chocolate Factory).
Joe Pasco said that as a child, his daughter hated to get dirty.
*Disclaimer: These products were sent to me free in exchange for my honest review. All opinions are my own. Also, I am an affiliate for Dayspring and links within this post are affiliate links.
But to the rest of the Republican Party, the Newt supporters, the Santorum supporters (those who aren’t Democrats), the Paul supporters, we need to talk. Guys, look, you’re just not going to get it. The wins tonight give Romney another boost and hurt your guys even more. Before tonight he had 99 delegates. Tonight he got 29 from Arizona and will probably get around 15 for Michigan. Add to that he’s ahead in Puerto Rico (23 delegates), Maryland (37), D.C. (19), Delaware (17), California (172), New Jersey (50), and Utah (40) and those are all winner-take-all primaries. That’s 501 delegates of the needed 1144. Wisconsin is the only other winner-take-all state with only 42 delegates. Now add in his commanding leads in Massachusetts (41) and Virginia (49) and Mitt’s already got over half of the votes he needs locked down. (When you factor in all the proportional votes from Super Tuesday (480, counting MA and VA which we know Mitt’s going to win) and add in all the other winner-take-all states Mitt will likely have close to 700 (quite possibly well over 700, but I’m being generous to Newt and Rick) delegates locked down by the end of Super Tuesday. Which would mean of the 1103 delegates up for grabs Mitt would only have to get another 444 (give or take how many off from 700 he has) . Wow, only 40% of the delegates. I’m sure that will be so difficult especially after Newt and Rick go bankrupt as they’re about to any day now. Face it. Romney is going to be the nominee. There will be no brokered convention, there will be no split party. Romney’s it. He’s also the one that Obama is afraid of!
Reclining while the tail end of the shower finishes Her glimmering rhapsody
Obviously, if you read the wrong sort of book, you aren't going to like it. If you like a book with a lot of description and complex prose and you pick up a book with a terse, direct voice, you may find it overly simplistic. If you wanted a character-driven story, and you read something that is all about the plot, you're going to be unhappy with your selection.
At the University of Michigan, officials have decided to transfer the bulk of their 1,580 culturally unaffiliated remains to 13 Native American tribes who want them. In the meantime, they have been put off limits to researchers. "The law is very clear that they will be transferred," said school spokesman Rick Fitzgerald.
Shoppers Stop managed to keep head above water in March 2012 quarter with consolidated net profit of close to Rs 1 crore (drastically down from Rs 7.7 crore in same quarter last year) led by its 51% subsidiary, Hypercity, which reported a net loss of Rs 22.4 crore (up 20% year on year), higher fixed costs (interest, depreciation) and subdued operational performance.
Description Of The Topics Below: Twilight portrait, Twilight portrait, landscape, Beach, high-speed shutter candle
A friend of mine recently told me about a friend of hers who used multiple $10.00/1 Crest White Strips coupons to get jumbo packs of diapers (probably Pampers, since they are both manufactured by P&G) for free. Apparently, when the first several numbers of different products’ UPC codes are the same, cash registers may not catch that a coupon is being used for the wrong item. Even if the register does catch the error (you’ll know because it will make an angry beeping sound), an oblivious cashier may manually okay it. Sounds pretty cool…… But it’s also illegal.
Let me Know your Thoughts Below, Follow this Blog, and be Social with this Post, for the more people we have living successfully in this Now Moment and discussing the value of doing so, the higher we lift all others around us.
One of the things I still struggle with as a baker/blogger is photography. Photoshop is my friend. When my 5 year old camera takes bad photos, or when the light is off, or things look shady, I like to know that I can plug my pictures into Photoshop to make them just right!
1/4 cup low-sodium chicken stock
I don't really know how I can express the love and gratitude my heart holds for you today. We don't often interact, in fact, for the last 1 1/2 years you've been residing untouched in the hubs' shed. Sometimes, the hubs and I will look at you and remember why we bought you in the first place. Do you recall? It was when Macie was 10 weeks old, pooped in my brand new car, and walked it all over the back seat. Oh, the memories. You've moved with us from Florida to Virginia and have stayed in that dark shed through record snow storms, nor 'easters and unyielding summer heat. Many cleaners would have given up by now, but not you. You've been waiting around for when I would need you again, and today, Oxy (can I call you that?) was your day.
“It ain’t like that no more. Kids (rodeo cowboys) today, they lead a cleaner life. They contest for big purses. Even now, there’s still a good share of rodeo cowboys doing the circuit. It’s never been an easy life.
If you stood in the furthest room, you could see through all the other rooms and it made you feel sad; it was like a train ready to leave with its lights shining over the platform. The last room was dark like the inside of a tunnel except for a faint glow in the gold frames and the mirror which was hung too high on the wall. All the lamps were soft and misty and made a very tiny circle of light. And when you ran you made no noise.
“South Africa's ruling African National Congress (ANC) finally told its members to stop singing the song "Kill the Boer" -- that is, murder white South Africans. ("Boer" is Afrikaans for "farmer," but colloquially, it is a disparaging term for any white South African.) This came after ANC Youth League leader Julius Malema defied a court ruling and kept singing the song (he still refuses to stop).” Pamela Geller, American Thinker.
Just shy of 9 years Army and National Guard, just over 24 years as a street cop. After more than 32 years in one uniform or another I am happily retired. SWAT team commander and team sniper, motorcycle officer, firearms instructor, FTO, detective (temporarily. I hated palinclothes assignments)even a bicycle officer, I've done at least a little bit of most everything.
Shannon is requesting a jury trial in this case. The number of dollars involved aren't named but I know that Shannon wouldn't be taking this to court over a few nickels and dimes.
I didn’t know about the role Robert Moses played in not letting the Dodgers build a new ballpark at the Atlantic Yards.
(by Ben Holmes)
found right under my nose.
And welcome thee, and wish thee long.
Records — Lakeland/Panas 5-3.
Ok, Universe. So here I am, going on about how I should try to be nicer to people – so you send me someone – a lonely, friendless person – to be nice to, and AM I nice to her?? Not very.
Q10: Apathy about council elections. People are fed up with the big political parties – come down to a local level. How far do you dare to be different? What ‘blue sky’ thing would you do if you could?
I grew up wishing for a fairy tale, a magical adventure...all I got was life, and it has let me down.
Purple paper for card base and inside of card are from a pack at Walmart(sorry don't remember the brand). Grass paper is from the paper studio
It's enough to make your head explode. If there had been an invasion a few weeks ago, people really would have come out to barricade the roads and lay down their lives for the Revo. But now? Who would they be fighting for? The same people who had massacred, imprisoned and lied to them over the last four days? On the other hand, all lives will be at risk if there's an invasion ...
The way I went about making the cake is slightly different from the original recipe. I took an extra step here and there just to make sure I get the folding of the flour and the oil right. If you are an experienced baker, do hop over to Wen's blog for the original recipe, if you are as gung ho as me, feel free to try out my version...which I am afraid, for the time being, comes with no guarantee of success ;)
I’m beat… I am seriously so exhausted and because I work every third weekend, I hate sitting at home on the two weekends in a row I’m off. But I can’t even fathom putting makeup on after taking a shower right now. I came home and sat on my couch for a good ten minutes without moving at all.
Hug.
In Journalism we accomplished so much. We published a ton of articles. It was awesome.
Sunny, thanks for stumbling upon my "new to blogland" craft blog. I feel like it is still a project in the making, but I am flattered that you decided all the randomness should be shared. Plus, I now get to see all the great projects you come up with!
Devidutt does a fabulous job of jotting down the epic from start to finish. his research not only encompasses what happened after the war (the travel of pandavas to hell), but also describes the ancestors of the kuru clan in detail.
Its sting will never go away.
After more Weir — with the rare but venerable “Me and Bobby McGee” cover and the always crowd-engaging “Aiko Aiko” — opener Steve Winwood came out with his soprano sax for a long, jazzy rendition of “Low Spark of High-Heeled Boys” that had serious mileage.
"Trick-or-treat. Trick-or-treat. Let my people go!"
It’s so cool to see how the parents act. They are always positioned the same way, one at the entrance of the burrow watching the chicks and the other hidden behind a tuft of grass a little bit in front of the burrow, standing guard. They’re getting big so fast.
I tug my beard with respect at Fatmammycat – She has a way about her that just constantly leaves me yearning for more, and I long for the day that she starts developing her own blog.
The advertisers must have been happy with their awards and Cadbury’s must have been thrilled with the buzz. Or were they? Marketing Research company TNS have just issued a report – gratefully referenced by Private Eye in their ‘Ad Nauseam’ section – that shows that, during the period of the advertisement’s run up to July this year, Cadbury’s Dairy Milk actually lost ground to Galaxy (produced by rival Mars).
This Monday evening (Dec 6) at Crosby Ravensworth Village Hall, Crosby Ravensworth Parish Council heard a brief presentation on Community broadband, what it is, why it would be useful and how we could get it established. Though many were still unclear about how much they’d benefit personally, the pertinent observation that this was a decision with long term implications and that other Parishioners and generations of Parishioners might benefit more than those in attendance was persuasive. I would like to praise and thank our Parish Council for their wise decision. This is an important landmark event because our Parish council has ‘clout’ and can help encourage cooperation, negotiate wayleaves and grant permission to dig on Parish land and to erect poles if necessary.
Oh, but when the Eastern District newsboys found this out the following day! On March 29th, according to a report by the Brooklyn Daily Eagle, a hundred newsboys, armed with sticks and stones, stormed the Times distribution offices at South Eighth Street and tried to prevent two wagons of newspapers from heading to the Western District. A whip-wielding wagon driver and arriving police officers thwarted the boys, but one of the trucks was later overturned at the area around today's Brooklyn Navy Yard.
Usually a palate cleanser need no description, but I think I ought to give this a mention here. When the palate cleanser of watermelon sorbet with kiwi was served, I remarked to Hubby that he could have mine as well since there was kiwi. 2 minutes later, Conrad returned with another palate cleanser for me, watermelon sorbet with watermelon cubes which he said "doesn't look as nice as the other one but at least you can eat this." I have to say I was really impressed with this small gesture, attentive service indeed!
My sweet neighbor took my two older children while I headed off with the baby to the Walgreen's Clinic. I was in and out of there in no time. They took one look at my throat and new I had strep as well.
I want to make it clear though that being a respectful parent doesn't mean agreeing with or approving of everything your teen does: it just means accepting and not attempting to control what they do. Thus a parent that's strongly anti-drugs of all types might share all their opinions on the issue with their teens, give them information on why they believe what they do, etc. Yet despite that, they wouldn't ground, punish, or shame their teen if they came home high. In a mutually respectful relationship, teens are far more likely to genuinely take their parents opinions into account when deciding what they want to do, but teens are still their own complete and autonomous people, and will make the choices they deem best for themselves in the end.
TOP TEN COUNTDOWN – MUSIC BLOGFEST!
Phreak: What’s that?
A country free of discrimination; a country free of violence; a country free of hate. The Obama Administration could ask no better partner than the Anti-Defamation League as we jointly strive to attain the ideals of equal opportunity, equal rights, and equal justice for all. Members of the ADL - I salute you."
A wise person will be mature enough to understand that everything, and I mean everything has a SOURCE. That’s why there is a cause and effect law.
Something must be in the blogosphere air because three amazingly talented readers sent me three amazingly awesome jewelry storage ideas, all within a few days of one another. And because I was so spoiled with tons of eye candy, I get to give you boatloads of incredible inspiration when it comes to storing your precious gems. How lucky are we!?!
At the Penang Esplanade, Lim Guan Eng and his car came under attack, allegedly by Perkasa thugs. It was alleged the police stood by and watched the violence without taking action.
MaXair....
While it's been a while since I did an organizational post it doesn't mean it's been that long since I was organizing! Honestly, I feel like I do it every day - there's always clutter somewhere that could be tackled.
I am very thankful that the break became a source of motivation - to inspire me to face the coming days with renewed strength and a fresh vision. It's like starting all over again. The break also made me look up, realign my life with God's direction and realizing that He has been watching me all along, waiting for that cry for help.
Baby Help Me Forget later appeared in a very similar form on the B-side of Mudhoney's 1999 single This Gift.
Ask her, for she knows trials and tales
Film the natural progression of art from the literary works that drove society and the convergence of pictures/paintings which once drove culture. Films strength is talking an individual out of their mind their culture themselves. Taking an individual and putting them into a strangers shoes. Film puts you in someone else’s head, you have no control over the character you can’t change the outcomes. You are on a ride a thrill ride and mind trip. Almost any film no matter how good or bad will draw you in to a state of mind you wouldn’t usually be in. Film helps grow understanding acceptance spread tolerance but it can also be used for evil. Film is the natural progression of story telling.
Williams Brewery will all be available on a mix 4 bottles͵ for a mere €10.
6. Taking Chances
I then was able to begin recovery and have my sisters and my dad come into the room. They were able to come meet the baby and see me as well. It was amazing to me that they were there the whole time. It was a whole Dorothy wakes up at the end of the Wizard of Oz kind of moment! And you were there, and you, and you. All in one room, and now meeting our little precious addition.
Hate the Police
Content until....
39. The diner in the movie The Sting is the same diner interior used in Back to the Future.
But what about Darth Stitch? you may be asking. Well, technically, Darth Stitch is still my mother's, so his fate will be up to her. As much as I love and have come to respect him, as much as he's taught me, the student's ambitions are starting to surpass the master's capabilities, I fear. It's high time to move on. I'm going to suggest that we give him to my aunt and cousins, who are always coming over here to patch things. Not that I mind having them, quite the contrary. But still. The desire to give good machines to good homes is universal.
So after my friend selected a pattern that she loved and paint color for the chair, I got busy cleaning her up.
Debts.
Forever spoken
His death was a result of a series of curses which he received in his life. Those curses were due to the misjudgment of the ones giving them. It was also due to his mother who did not care about her eldest son but was content with her 3 sons and 2 step-sons, though she came to plead to him before the day he was suppose to fight Arjun to not fight,but Karna said it was too late for her to recognize him as her son.It was also result of his giving up of his body Armour and earning with which he was born to Lord Indra who came disguised as a poor Brahmin. Karna use to pray to Sun God at every noon and he was famous for giving away anything that some asked from him at that time even if it may lead to his death. Indra capitalized on that nobility of karna and asked for his armour to save his son. Indra, shamed into generosity by Karna’s gesture, reciprocated by giving Karna the boon to use his most powerful weapon, the Vasavi shakti, but only once. It was then that Karna earned the name Vaikartana, as he cut the armour off his body without flinching.
I still have to fix up the sand to match the rest of the piece. Right now the orange is still shinning through quite a bit and is causing the paint to look gray. Ideally, I’d like it to be brighter. I guess we’ll see what happens!
Critics on both the left and right assailed this sneak attack on our Constitutional rights.
How did “Skinny Jeans” and “60-Day” Challenge start? What kind of success have the girls had thus far? For a long time I had wanted to create a program that was achievable, manageable and that clients would see results in a short amount of time. Therefore in May of 2011 I selected two women, sisters actually, Jessica and Jolene to participate in a free 60 day challenge. The program included classes, nutritional guidance, and walking. We documented their results over 60 days and they lost over 22 inches combined- which they have kept off almost one year later! I then launched the 60 day challenge studio wide. Since August I have seen more than 200 inches lost and over 200lbs lost!
Was the penalty a little harsh? Maybe. Was it the right move for Roger Goodell? Absolutely.
GUILLERMO DEL TORO on the book's back cover calls FLESH AND BLOOD..."PHENOMENAL!"
The Sierra Club believes the Commissions’ second conditional approval of the plant is arbitrary and unsupported by evidence presented in extensive hearings regarding the project.
If you have these pieces in your cupboard already but you're not committed to making them permanently joined, I have a tip for you... Scor-Tape! Yeah, baby! The stuff is awesome. And since it's mostly clear it's barely visible through the clear glass.
“..how long must I wait/ One more time for a simple twist of fate”- Dylan
With Galaxy S2 sales surpassing the 20 million units mark in just 10 months (April 2011 to February 2012), Samsung have a great opportunity to deliver a smartphone that will take the media by storm. Refusing to announce the smartphone at the Mobile World Congress last month was a smooth tactic that makes the Samsung Galaxy S3 sound far more mysterious and desirable. When Samsung do finally announce their flagship smartphone for 2012, the world will listen in awe as specifications trickle down impatiently waiting ears. One could argue Samsung releases are quickly developing the mass hype of a new Apple iDevice. Perhaps the proposed Samsung device will carry an alternative name, thus no official announcement of the Galaxy S3. This would be the perfect white lie that will surprise smartphone addicts out of their misery and look towards the future with a beaming smile. Either way, let’s hope the 22nd of February brings exciting news for Galaxy S3 fans.
This coming Tuesday, I’m doing a talk and a reading for a local active retirement group. I’ll be telling them where the idea for my novel, The Pink Cage, came from. And I will tell them it all began in a cottage in Co. Clare, Ireland. A white stone cottage, with a hob by the fire.
I don’t remember who first realized we needed story bibles. I’m pretty sure I was first to create my computer file, complete with an index and page references. However, Marne’s memory is much better than mine and she says her “big” three ring bible, with tabs and a written index, came into creation first.
Next week: Author intrusion – how to avoid it.
TIP: Save your back! Instead of standing over your fabric marking lines for an hour, either purchase pre-quilted fabric; have the quilt store quilt the fabric for you or invest in this kind of presser foot (and then you'll only need to mark one line).
Saldaña: I had written a couple of short stories back in high school, but those weren’t enough to make me think I could be a writer. I didn’t think back then that being a writer was something a kid could be. Writers were the people whose books we were forced to read in class. By the way, I scored As on both stories, and I’ve got them stashed away in a box in our garage somewhere, but if I were grading those in a workshop setting, I’d have to nearly fail them they’re so corny and predictable.
* Take out dough from the bowl, knead for 10 minutes by hand or your stand mixer.
(frosting/icing)
No. These Communists came armed with T34 tanks, MIG 23’s, AK47’s and RPG7’s. They placed landmines on farm roads in Namibia and also in Angola, not caring who they blew up. Today Angola has the highest number of amputees in the world, all black, because of these communist landmines.
Over a third of the book is devoted to an architectural tour of the town and university buildings, in which factual information is enlivened by anecdotes and accounts of relevant historical events.
The Magicians by Lev Grossman – Many people have said that this book is Harry Potter for adults, but it is much more than that. The Magicians populates a world that any adult fan of fantasy novels would love to wake up one day and discover that they have actually been living in. Darker elements of Wonderland, Narnia, and Hogwarts can be seen in the magic land of Fillory. Grossman recently published a sequel that continues the story of Quentin Coldwater and Fillory, The Magician King. Recommended by Rachel B.
As everyone should know by now, the spectacular Royal Wedding took place this morning. As some obsessed over flowers and vows, all of us fashion lovers just wanted to see how amazing Kate Middleton looked in her unknown wedding dress. The dress was kept a secret from the public until she revealed herself this morning at the ceremony. Kate looked absolutely stunning in her white dress designed by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen. It's been said that her dress design was inspired by Grace Kelly's wedding dress from 1956.
all of us have become like unclean people,
I thought the removable floor trays were a grand idea, but in practice they get jammed with litter. So I must remove all the litter through the little pop hole prior to removing the trays for washing. Doesn’t that defeat the purpose? Once this coop does finally fall apart, I think I want to build a coop that employs the deep liter method.
He acknowledged that the last Labour government had made too many interventions in running the NHS and had not done enough to create more affordable homes.
Angela will probably be back on Mau`i again next month to check out the other vendors. That's the beauty of planning a "semi-local" wedding where you can come visit and have meetings as often as you want.
What I did not anticipate about working for RecoveryNowTV is the personal reward that goes along with helping people...making a difference. Recently, many people have contacted me, for advice, or with their personal stories. My words have touched others, inspired them. And others have felt comfortable enough with the work I do to share their story with me. And their stories always inspire me. The power of shared experience in recovery is awesome! I have made so many inspiring personal contacts, too. Through my writing, people have reached out and asked me join some other recovery groups through Facebook, mostly. And on those pages, I have met some really inspiring and beautiful people. (One on my mind right now is Liz, another Sober Hillbilly friend of mine.) I have never felt so rewarded for what I have been doing before. It really is an amazing feeling to know that I am helping people...that my words also touch people.
At the end of 2007 I did not put my name forward again for the Advisory Council as Councillors’ Liaison Officer. My requests for assistance for councillors had fallen on deaf ears, so I decided instead to focus my efforts on the following year’s GLA/mayoral election campaign.
he'd seen the other world
7:30 - 7:32 AM: I realize I should've gotten a Starbucks as I stare in space sitting in my desk chair.
(According to my mother in law, by hearing the sound like
If you watch the video, that is a pretty lame “profession of faith.” At the 3:14 mark she emphasizes how she respects all religions, then shifts to some politically correct / New Age nonsense to describe her faith, such as “aligning with the values of tolerance, acceptance, harmony, cooperation and reverence for life” (even though, presumably, she is still pro-abortion). Of course we should respect people, but Christianity doesn’t teach us to respect false ideas.
It offers me guidance through the transit for the paltry fee of $60. Um. Further random paragraphs from a word processor. Might be worth checking the exchange rate to see if it is worth $60 to me. But then, if the exchange rate reaches £1 = $100, the global financial system will have collapsed, and my internet probably won’t work anyway.
“How about this: instead of handing control over that education to someone else, decide what it is you would like to learn over those four years and then… learn it. Thanks to the Web, the material covered in virtually every undergraduate program is readily available at little cost—and the same is true for many advanced programs. And, having learned it, spend a few hundred dollars to create a website or even simply a YouTube channel on which you demonstrate your new skills/understanding. Conduct research. Write it up. Build something. Translate Cyrano into English, maintaining the Alexandrine meter and rhyme. Whatever it is. Then, when you’re ready to apply for work, submit your resume with a link to this portfolio of relevant work.”
What a carry on I've had with blogger. A few weeks ago I managed to accidentally change my blog name-but, I thought I'd stick with it. I thought that if my old name no longer existed then there'd be no problem, but oh no!! I know a few people were having problems, even when the entered my new name it kept directing them back to my old one, so to keep things easy (after losing 3 hours the other day) I've decided to go back to my old name.
To me, whether the building itself is used, or whether a new building is built in the same spot is moot.
Here's a close-up of Lula:
3. Add cooled pasta, chicken, grapes, celery, red onion, walnuts, chives and parsley. Toss gently to combine.
“Oh, I’m sure we can handle it. I’m sure we can handle it,” said assistant manager Kristen Bowers. “We have a great crew here and we’re very, very energized about this. We’ll just move things around a little and there will be plenty of room, plenty of room.”
For Israel, the trading of live terrorists with blood on their hands for the dead bodies of two Israeli soldiers endangers the life of every Israeli captured by the Arabs, including Gilad Shalit, who is still a prisoner of Hamas. After all,why should Hezbollah or any other Arab captor return a live Jew when they can get such a handsome price for a dead one?
Make a tag or bookmark featuring a memory theme. Can be a special memory, a memento from a special place, a love one.
Headline Publishing Group
So obviously i went for the red and green theme with snowflakes!! hehe!
… as a ghostly reminder of what once was…
Lovely nose of aromatic red and black fruit with a touch of oak spice, quite fresh and subtly lifted aromas.
Early, pretty much everywhere I go. I really really dislike being late.
Even in the worst of traffic, Samatya can be reached by taxi from Taksim Square in 20-25 minutes and around 17 lira. We spent around 55 lira per person and feasted like kings. It is a truly extraordinary place, rich with tradition and people from all walks of life. If you have a spare evening in Istanbul, do not leave without going to Samatya for a meal of mezes, fish and of course, Raki.
9. This super affordable little side table is from Target and would make up 1 of my 2 nightstands. I like the pop of black it adds to the room to breakup all that softness and I'm a fan of nightstands that don't perfectly match (though you wouldn't know it by looking at my bedroom!)
cleaned out..
Add the flour to the bowls with the eggs. Mix until you get a smooth dough.
Which is why we love going to unschooler gatherings. Crowds of different! Orbits in sync! But gatherings are gatherings. They're events. They're not daily life.
Skipping ahead, the kids soon discover that their world isn’t as ordinary as it first seems. Magic is real–and so are the Ancient Egyptian Gods. In fact, one of them is their pet cat, Muffin. The kids embark on a journey to save their now entombed Father from the evil god, Set. Meanwhile, Set sends all sorts of baddies to stop them. And if that wasn’t enough, other magicians want to beat them up too. Why? Well, because they’re hosting ancient Gods of course! Now if you’re saying, whoa, back up–it’s because this story can get a little kooky on the literary rules. Not just one baddie–multiple! Not just one god–Many! So, to sum it up–the Magicians in this story–or as they call themselves, The House of Life–think that the Gods are evil. As such, hosting them, would also be bad. So naturally, even though the kids didn’t exactly invite the Gods inside, so to speak–the only option must be to kill the kids.(right?)
I've used the Sale-A-Bration stamp set Sprinkled Expressions and whilst I was at it, had a play with heat embossing too! All cards use the same colour combination of Elegant Eggplant, Tempting Turquoise and Melon Mambo. Here's the first one I made and my favourite too:
Many of our CHRISTmas ornaments have a story and an uncanny way of welling up emotion in me, but this certain one causes an intense stir.
I’m angry my son was a victim of another’s actions. I’m upset he didn’t tell anyone what was going on, taking matters into his own hands until a Series of Unfortunate Events led to an explosion of bad judgment and flaring tempers, with someone getting hurt and someone getting suspended. Bullying is never okay. Namecalling hurts (Josh got lunch detention for his actions, which without a doubt incited the other kid’s snapping) and all anger and resentment do is fester and lead to more anger and resentment which leads to…
13. Make a career of your activism: Seek employment in an activist or volunteer group. Get a job with an NGO (or start your own), which is a new type of social institution, of recent evolution, which seeks to function as a new social check, and also to provide services to those groups that have been ignored, which are not deemed important enough by the powers that be. A specific area that still needs a lot of work, and therefore where there should be a lot of growth and opportunity in the future, is in the international coordination of activism, to offset international institutional collusion.
I decided to start my other 2 blogs
On the one hand then Hutton appears to make the argument that early modern Pagan Witchcraft did not stem from any unbroken lines of succession and does not represent a survival of ancient forms of indigenous religious practice, but equivocally he also states that various forms of earlier practice such as the Cunning Craft, Wise Women and others had been subsumed and evolved into the new forms of neo Paganism and Wicca…
I’m not asking that we stop using Facebook and Twitter, but I think Google+ can offer a different experience that just might be more appealing to certain people. If you haven’t joined up yet, click here to give it a go! Once you’ve tried it out, let me know what you think. I hope that you find it as intriguing and refreshing as I do.
Huge thanks to The Elephant for sending this across the Channel...
Ending: B
“Cleanse ye your eyes, so that ye behold no man as different from yourselves. See ye no strangers; rather see all men as friends, for love and unity come hard when ye fix your gaze on otherness. And in this new and wondrous age, the Holy Writings say that we must be at one with every people; that we must see neither harshness nor injustice, neither malevolence, nor hostility, nor hate, but rather turn our eyes toward the heaven of ancient glory. For each of the creatures is a sign of God, and it was by the grace of the Lord and His power that each did step into the world; therefore they are not strangers, but in the family; not aliens, but friends, and to be treated as such.”
If you like to make stylish cards really fast, then why not come and see what I've made for Three Minute Thursday tomorrow? Hope to see you then,
The fame of that glorious ruler of the world, the philosopher-king, the foremost of the Kuru family, spreads through the opulent capitol city.
Soon after he met Thororm and claimed the fee of him. He said he was not going to pay it.
"As the market for e-books grows, it will be important for readers to have access in e-book format to the best contemporary literature the world has to offer," said Andrew Wylie, President of Odyssey Editions. "This publishing program is designed to address that need, and to help e-book readers build a digital library of classic contemporary literature."
Every single time you look at me that way.
Now, decades later, Gordon is a former globe-trotting consultant with a grown son, an ex-wife, and an overwhelming desire to see Glenna again. Though she’s stunned when Gordon walks into her Manhattan office, Glenna agrees to accompany him for a drink. As the two head out into the snow-swept city, they rediscover the passion that once drew them together—before it tore them apart. And as the evening unfolds, Gordon will finally reveal the true reason for his return. . . .
Solar flares mainly emit X-rays — we also get radio waves from these things, and white light in the brightest of flares. They all travel at the same speed as light, so it takes eight minutes to arrive. There are some effects from flares, such as radio interference from the radio bursts.
toast
The projected residential market rate rental and condominium prices that the developer relied on when they originally underwrote the deal are substantially above the current market. They created their projection in 2006, a time that in retrospect is considered to be the top of the last real estate cycle.
-The Split Plot Problem, treat FAR separately each side of the split plot. Do not have split zoning districts in areas requiring more comprehensive treatment (e.g. Manama CBD), instead use overlay zoning to control impact on sensitive areas.
pinch of salt (optional)
I'm always a fan of menacing looks and glowing bows and arrows, but when the title has the word 'doom' in it and it's written by David Gatward (author of the brilliant The Dead series) I'm in book heaven.
“And that I would never really know, would I?” she said, trenchantly. “Nonetheless, let’s not spoil the mood shall we? It is, after all, our anniversary”, she continued with a sly smile.
In my daughter's eyes
Give me pretty pictures and I'm happy!
I also scored myself a Steampunk Dorothy from Guild of Harmony, a pack of silurids for Malifaux then wrapped up my spree with a ten pack of cote d'arms paints so I can sniff my way back to the 1980s once more.
One black/navy band uniform with silver sequined vest. Included: shako with plume (hat with feather). Very sexy.
"SMELL BOY,
After half an hour of this, I go to Argos, this time, to buy an iron with a longer cord, a bigger water chamber and a few fancy knobs and dials.
BPA is an acronym for Bisphenol-A and it has been in use for more than six decades, tested hundreds of times, and never found to post a threat to health, but rather as an essential packaging element to protect it.
So, since you folks haven't seen me anywhere near as much, your opinion will be less bias than my own.
Very high on my want list at the moment - Louis side chairs. I only need 4 of them for my dining room because I've also got it in my head that some more substantial wing chairs in a fab upholstery job would look good on the ends of the table. Stalking of my local Craig's List has turned up exactly ZERO chairs.
I had not realized the connection before… how Downton Abbey could have a certain degree of separation from King Tut. But the book soon ends with the sad news that the already weak Lord Carnarvon soon succumbed to illness. He died in Cairo at age 57, just a few months after the excavation. It’s noted in the book that at the time of his death, back at Highclere Castle in the night, his beloved terrier Susie howled once and died.
"She don't have time for his man". I think as long as she has time for her man, it's ok.
When I first moved to my “smaller” town I was pretty stupid. I didn’t understand certain basic facts of small town life, such as that barbecuing is mandatory, hunting is not considered barbaric, and grocery shopping is for socializing, not just for shopping. In fact, my first grocery shopping experience here was rather traumatic. As I emptied my cart contents onto the conveyor, the checkout woman started talking. I glanced nervously around to see to whom this conversation was directed, but when I verified that I was alone, I naturally assumed that she was off of her medication.
I've been thinking this week about Elk Camp since my extended family has been there the past few weeks. This is a two to three week camping trip out in the woods in northern Arizona. Those who want (my dad, uncle, brother-in-law, etc) apply to a state drawing to get to do an archery hunt for elk. We have gone in the past but did not go this year since Zack is in school now. It's quite an experience! you can read about the last time we went here.
Perfect. Here they are:
designed to recognise positive contributions to society, reward those who are in jobs and to encourage those who are not currently employed to seek work
Callie was amazing at the zoo! She walked about 75% of the way through the zoo, and fell very infrequently, she didn't even bring her walker today! For those who know the trail of vines at the Woodland Park Zoo, the bridge that goes around the orangutans, Callie walked all the way UP it on her own, without falling. It was awesome! I think she also won the heart of several grandparents who were there, who kept coming up to me as we would meet through the zoo and comment on how well she is doing, how hard she is working, how her smile lights up everything around her, and how she is just a precious ray of sunshine! We also heard several comments from the same people about how nice it is to see a bigger family, and how well behaved and polite everyone is. (It is always nice to hear good comments about both having a bigger than average family and Callie.)
All orders not shipped on Friday (tomorrow) will be shipped the following Monday!
#4. La nuit, tous les chats sont gris. (At night, all the cats are grey)
I suppose it’s the problem with many supposed celebrities on Twitter and, to be fair, Peter Andre is far from the worst. In fact, in Twitter terms, he’s one of the more virtuous characters out there. Claudia Winkleman has 41,000 followers yet follows only 30 people. Let me say that again. This is Claudia Winkleman I’m talking about, not Elizabeth Taylor. 41,000 followers yet she follows only 30 people. The question of how she can only follow 30 people is perhaps eclipsed by that which questions why 41,000 people would to follow Claudia Winkleman. Yet, perhaps the worst offender of all is Alan Carr who is followed by 298,343 people and goes to the trouble of returning the compliment to 28. Is he deliberately trying to appear arrogant? Or is he just giving me a reason to dislike the man for something other than his vile, lewd innuendo and teeth-in-a-meat grinder voice?
One of my projects of late has taken me into the world of romance novel covers. I went into the work thinking I’d talk about the covers of het romances—and then I stumbled across Anne Tenino’s Frat Boy and Toppy. And that discovery led to the presentation below.
There is one spot in particular that requires a hand position change and playing an accidental. I am not looking at the score, but it’s something like A, B, C in the right hand played with 3, 4, 5. The next phrase begins on the E-flat above with 2, continuing with F and G (3, 4).
Your entry will automatically be judged for the Easter themed challenge BUT we will know if you have completed the blog hop so if you haven't you will still only be eligible for the random blog candy hidden amongst some of the Polkadoodlers. FOR THE EASTER THEMED CHALLENGE JUST LEAVE YOUR ENTRY AS NORMAL USING THE INLINKZ BUTTON, WE WILL SORT THROUGH THE ENTRIES AS WE WILL KNOW IF YOU HAVE FOLLOWED THE HOP OR NOT...
Also, while I know that Sam won’t remember any of this, I still worry about the effects of his being on a "leash." I keep thinking about how they train circus elephants by keeping them on short leashes when they’re babies; that way, when they grow up to be gigantic, they remain tractable and submissive because they don’t realize that they are actually far more powerful than the rope that tethers them. In other words, I don’t Sam to sense on any level that he is tethered. Hopefully, within the next few weeks we’ll be able to get rid of the oxygen leash, and by the time Sam figures out how to get mobile, he’ll be able to crawl as far away from the oxygen tank as he pleases.
Making moussaka was much easier than I thought. Planning it out in my head, I estimated about 2 hours from start to finish, and most of it is either simmer time or baking time. The only part about this I don’t like is the dish washing time. ;)
Things on my mind lately:
Sometimes mistakes are mistakes.
Emotional abuse can take many forms. Three general patterns of abusive behavior include aggressing, denying, and minimizing.
That's what we're thinking of.
1. Slice the bananas and arrange it in a bowl evenly.
Easy Peasy right ?
I actually fell asleep with him in my bed. We slept until 8 PM.
My earlier blog on Andalusia will tell you how we covered both Sevilla and Cordoba during the Semana Santa. Perfect place to be in, except that the weather hardly cooperated. Just the same, we were in luck when we reached Cordoba. Miercoles Santo had 8 processions running. All ending at the Mesquita. We didn’t watch all 8, but our attention was drawn to the young Nazarenos — trainees? Protégés? — in the crowd.
After the gym Ryann and I headed to Jenn and JT's house for a little playdate. JT was too cute, and had to pull his chair right up next to Ryann while they were coloring. Do you see that face pinching in the picture of Ryann and I? Yeah, love hurts. She was in a crazy mood that afternoon and was running laps around the family room. And just a clean happy little girl.
So… while it is “all part of the journey,” – it is really all about HOW we journey. HOW are you doing?
"Whites, Coloureds and Asians would be corralled into demographic pens in all aspects of their economic and professional lives according to the percentage of the population they represent," he said. "The prospects of South African citizens would once again be determined by the colour of their skins - and not by their skills, their contribution."
Have you ever woken up with cotton-mouth? How about a sore throat? How about something hanging out of the back of your throat that feels like one of those sticky octopus things you used to get out of a vending machine that you would throw against the wall and it would climb down? No? Well, all you have to do is drink some beer that doesn't mix with your body or your internal food processing mechanisms and voila, you've got it!
I went in, found the owner and asked him why he wanted me to come.”Why not?,” he answered.
6.teenage bloodlust
How fortunate were we to have sunshine and deep blue skies on a day my husband and I set out on a planned country walk. My original idea, a.k.a. “the plan” was to follow a prescribed walk that featured a panoramic view of the Cotswold plain and a rock formation called Devil’s Chimney. How hard is it to follow a set path with a map and clearly described markers? Apparently, harder than we thought. But, as is often the case for us, getting lost was all part of the fun.
5. I love Paris. I adore it. I even like Parisians, even thought everyone else in France sort of hate them. It’s a pity with the pollution, the stress and the largely over priced cup of coffee. But… nothing is perfect! And love is blind and probably makes you immune to toxic fumes.
Knowing that I may one day compete, I researched some of the organizations that often hosted shows in Toronto to learn about the rules and general expectations. I found a fitness organization that seemed suitable and set a “tentative” date to compete. However, this meant absolutely no commitment on my part and since I did not tell anyone of my intentions, I wouldn’t be held accountable if I backed out at the last minute—my plan was foolproof!
Some neighbors talk of the prospect of drunken, celebrating fans, though the team has had little to celebrate in the last few seasons in New Jersey. The issue isn't whether the team wins. The issue is rowdiness in a residential neighborhood, whether from crowds attending basketball games or concerts. After all, as the Times doesn't acknowledge, the setting is nothing like that of the United Center in Chicago, offered as an example by a security official at the liquor license meeting.
Yat Ayun* - used by an southern island kingdom of Catho.
God is the Ultimate Strategist.
Then shall the creation of man come to the fiery trial of proof, and many shall be offended and shall perish; but they who remain in their faith shall be saved by the rock of offense itself.
Amy takes him down to the barn.
“It might not feel fair for the family, and I am sorry for their loss,” he said. “But this is not at all like the case in Florida, other than they are both tragedies.”
"I dont trust you, I think this is your fault"
To get around issues of isolation, home-educated children rely on extra-curricular activities in addition to volunteering in the community, which academic research by Wilfrid Laurier University researcher Bruce Arai shows they do more of than children who attend school.
Cities
When people that I knew in the past took the test, and did poorly, I couldn't understand why they were as bummed out as they were, and now I can feel why. I feel like I took only one thing out of this experience, and that is, never judge someones feelings or thoughts, they have reasoning behind it. We may, or may not agree with them or the situation, but its how they feel. I am going to try to understand that and accept that of others, as I hope I can feel accepted.
There are tons of great things that have come from nothing, just watch any "as seen on TV" product.. sell by the millions.
Raindrops on a Tuesday are music to the ears of golf course superintendents and professionals everywhere. Especially in this dry season. It soaks the grass without interrupting much play and costing the courses big money in greens fees. Dry weather for the weekend makes it all the more sweeter…
Girls
In 2004, the films were revisited and reissued together in the Ultimate Matrix Collection boxset. New HD masters were struck for all three films, and the original film was improved in contrast and had grain toned down. But the decision was made to color correct the film to match the distinct color scheme of the two sequels. The original film is much more robust and lifelike, with a definite yellow and brown look amongst the green inside the Matrix. This same master was re-used for the HD-DVD and then the Blu-ray set, leaving the original theatrical version only available on the original DVD. I miss the color and grain on the new versions, and have stuck with my original disc. (Thank heavens for upscaling!!) The new Blu-ray Dolby True-HD 5.1 mix is quite good, but seems to be a bit different than the original.
DRAW will be hosting a booth at Pit Bulls On Parade, 8/21/10 from 10-3 at Reber Ranch in Kent. This was a fantastic event last year with a huge turn out and many Pit Bulls received their GCG’s! The vendors were top notch and there were simply too many cute, well behaved dogs to count. I’ve been looking forward to this event all year. Pokey will also be making an appearance at this event and maybe we can find her forever home this summer!
-Toys-R-Us gift cards. Reason? We literally have NO toys for him in Alaska and will be making a trip to Anchorage when Greg gets home. It would be great to get him some age appropriate toys then. That way, I don't have to lug some back from NC.
Keith and I got in line, and as we got close to getting on, we saw everybody else get off! It was a nice ride too, except for that damn song. ;)
"But moooooam! We ALWAYS go to Goodwill and they don't have toys. We always get furniture!"
Do you think your life is chaotic? Do you feel like sometimes it's hard to get anywhere and accomplish anything because of all the challenges you face?
Christmasland ReCollections by Ralph del Pozzo and David High, 2006. 128 pages.
They also gave me a promo code for $25 off (good until May 8) for participating in a contest, but I’m not going to use it. If anyone is interested, leave a comment and I’ll give it to you.
Perhaps Mr. Nelson and others like him who have their paranormal claims tested by folks like the IIG and fail at those claims should consider the wise words of science fiction writer Philip K. Dick:
please leave, this is a birthday party!'.
4. I enjoy digging in the dirt and planting things far more than a glass of wine. I enjoy gardening even more with music and my boys running around me.
Perhaps it is this intense scrutiny that motivates many different cities to perennially compete for the right to host the games? The International Olympic Committee is responsible for choosing a new host city every few years. When deciding where the 2012 Olympics would be held, the cities that the IOC had to choose from needed no introduction: London, New York, Paris, Moscow, and Madrid. The right to host the Olympics surely must be quite the prize if cities of this caliber are competing so vigorously for the privilege.
-Blogger now offers up to 10 static pages, but makes it difficult to divide old content onto them if you want to create separate categories of your content (i.e. wanting old 'Austin' tagged posts to get placed in a new 'Austin' static page).
I'm back this morning with more sneak peeks from the lovely Reddy Decoupoage that will be on create and craft with the lovely Louisa. Remember the show times are 9am,2pm,and 6pm. I just love these Decoupoage sheets there's an image for everyone.
Why do we discriminate in our salutations? What is wrong with addressing Suranjit Sengupta as Janab? In India, all officials, irrespective of religion, are addressed formally as Sri. Why not do a Bangladeshi equivalent?
This is basically a small cup of chowder with oysters in it. The soup was definitely made up largely of heavy cream, butter and maybe chopped chives. It was super duper rich so much so it tasted like there was cheese melted into it. It’s so decadent and I can see why our server suggested the fresh made parker house rolls to dip into the soup (this is not something I would really spoon into my mouth?). The uni butter crostini – well you couldn’t make out the uni but it sure was delicious dipped into that chowder. I managed to fish out three HUGE succulent oysters:
Notes: Beating the egg whites till they are similar to a meringue mixture gives the cake it's height. It doesn't raise a great deal.
Well, it turns out there's nothing to get. Communication is communication. Some of it is good. Some of it is bad. Some of it comes through a cable, some of it comes through the air. Some of it is persuasive and entertaining. Some of it is dull and ineffectual.
India just launched what the media called its "first intercontinental ballistic missile." India did indeed launch a new, 5,000 km-ranged Agni-V missile that can deliver a nuclear warhead to Beijing and Shanghai. Previously, India’s 3,500-km Agni-III did not have the range to hit China’s major coastal cities. But Agni-V is not an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), as wrongly reported. Nor was the missile North Korea launched on 15 April that fell apart soon after liftoff. Some media wrongly claimed it was an ICBM that could hit the United States. One longs for the days when media employed real war correspondents who understood military affairs. …..
The NDAA/AUMF resolution we advocate is explicitly and specifically endorsed by the Maryland ACLU, Defending Dissent Foundation, South Asian Americans Leading Together, and the Bill of Rights Defense Committee; you can learn more about the issues and the resolution here.
Like many old-world watchmakers, Hamilton suffered mightily during the Quartz Revolution, when a new digital technology all but replaced the old mechanical one. The company limped on for several years before they were acquired by the Swatch Group Ltd. in 1984. Their brand was little more than a small subsidiary of the giant watchmaker, until electronic watches wore out their welcome in the late 1980s. Suddenly, luxury models were back in style again. Vintage designs were all the rage, and Hamilton had an extensive collection of retro designs from their century of watchmaking. Let us take a moment to review a few of their most popular models.
May I always mourn for death, and always make joy of birth.
For now though, I want to thank you all for sticking by me through this difficult transition. Your patience and support has meant a lot and I can't thank you enough.
Do you relish in the memory of the love I give so willingly
As bad as they are, even these data points don’t do justice to the toxic sewer that is the Spanish banking system.
Last, Happy Daylight Savings! Yes, I was a total goober and did not reset my alarm clock and woke up an hour late this morning. I hate the way it feels to get up an hour earlier than normal. Now I get to save that special feeling it for tomorrow. On a positive note though, I will now get home early enough to take my pictures out of doors, in the daylight! That means that my readers will have to wait until the day AFTER to see the photos of “what I wore today,” but they will be of a higher quality. Of course, I didn’t think of this until after I’d taken today’s photos, so the new schedule doesn’t take effect until tomorrow. Check back on Wednesday for Tuesday’s outfit.
"Who would want to steal modern art," Tom said abstractedly.
There's nothing else to find
Retired 2-time PBA MVP Bimby Aquino Yap: “I am gay!”
Stampin' UP products.
MRR: How do people react to your gigs . .do they slam or something?
The kale is no longer green but more of a cross between Chartreuse and yellow. I had planned to make kale chips – have heard so many great things about kale chips.
Ridley Scott was trying to explain this simple premise on Huffington Post. Scott was saying if you really want to see a film the way a filmmaker intended then the theater should be your first choice, but if you can’t get to the theater then Blu-ray is the way to go because;
** We used 6 carrots
Project Makeover!
Rehana finds herself a reluctant part in the rebellion, at the request of her son, who joins the resistance movement early on. She stores guns, ammunition, food, medical supplies etc in the house she built as a rental home, which was occupied by an Indian family. When they leave to return to their native country, Rehana sees it turned into a bunker of sorts for the young men in training to commit acts against the invading Pakistani army and also a hospital, as they rehabilitate a severely injured Major, Sohail’s commanding officer. At first extremely resentful of the Major recuperating in the house, fearful for what might happen (not only to her, but to her children) if it is found out, Rehana becomes used to his presence. They get to know each other as he recovers and then one day, he is gone. Like her son, like her daughter, like her tennants, like most people she knows.
“See Rosy there? They were going to kill her. She’s got no back paw. She was born that way.”
I figure AD, me, and my dad all in the same room ought to be fun.
I glued a magnet to each of the four corners on the back of each frame. (The magnets I bought at Hobby Lobby.) I had the brilliant idea of using Super Glue to attach the magnets to the frames. No matter how careful I was, I ended up with glue on my fingers EVERY SINGLE TIME! (At least I had sense enough not to touch my sticky fingers together or to scratch myself.)
I’ve been thinking for months now that we would give potty training a first shot over the kids’ Winter Break, because it would be a time when I could stick close to home and exercise the consistency needed to sit Finn on the toilet at very regular intervals. I say “first shot” because in all honesty, I’m trying to approach this with an open mind, meaning I accept that it’s probably going to take multiple attempts.
Arguments about religion have a place, but that place is in private discussions on the subject. Religion is a choice, a belief and just as much as being a Christian does not make you a better person, so too does not being a Christian not make you bad or evil. We are with our backs to a wall and we cannot at this stage afford such arguments.
(d) disseminate the results among development policymakers, scholars, and practitioners; and
I read a lot, spend less time on line. My dreams at night have been very active, somehow unveiling truths never before seen. I feel different these days. Not as anxious, still scared, somewhat alone. But more…..I don’t know the word. Like, as long as I don’t do something rash and stupid, everything will be fine. Does that make sense?
automatically retracts and
It's the job of your hippocampus, when you're asleep, to sort through the day's events and file stuff away for future reference. I picture my hippocampus as a guy working at a recycling center, watching all this stuff come past on a conveyor belt and picking out, with rubber gloves, the stuff he figures can be used later. Only, once he selects something, he has find someplace to put it. Which, for the reasons I've explained, gets harder and harder. Sometimes, to make room for something new, he has to discard something old. Which is just that much more work.
gloomy sundae
I have been pushing myself really hard and have still not succeeded as well as I want to.
The artifice of Wilde's writing is heightened by touches such as freezing the characters at the end of each scene, so they become images frozen against the pages of the book. I suspect that the symmetries of Phillips's blocking, which became increasingly mannered towards the end, might have strained Wilde's notions of taste: asymmetry is, after all, one of the necessary cross-grains of beauty. But it feels churlish to nitpick a production which so artfully fulfils its own expectations of sentiment and style. A foregone winner, as I said.
They were in again last night for a 50th birthday celebration and, true to their word, they had headed out to Purvis Cellars and hooked not only a slab of Innes & Gunn but a slab of Kwak (plus glasses) as well.
You should see your kids and wife
the night harness races will have to wait.
Then you go...
And not only that but it sort of flushes this mother with a vague sense of superiority that she is aware of things that her friends in the pub on Friday night are not.
"The Rabbit & The Lion" has clear jangle to the guitar and a choppier rhythm that's searching for a larger loop to appear. Tis one has this vague ominous religious feel talking about a rabbit or a lion. This one has a bunch of big, together changes that are almost showing off! Distortions of all flavors poking through for a second ....made by a nice bunch of people.
Strengths: Weakness:
“You just like the idea of sleeping with a woman who won’t expect anything from you afterwards,” declares one of the women in a somewhat accusatory tone. “What you don’t understand is that being penetrated by a man is unnatural for lesbians. Why would they willingly go through such an ordeal?”
So I've fallen behind on my homeschool posts again. But we've been doing stuff. Promise. I am ready to be done for this year, though. What was I thinking when I declared us "year round" homeschoolers. Psshh. No, I'm ready for summer break next month.
The Bible has been recognized as the most historically accurate writing from antiquity or ancient times. The inspired Words of God, it was written by over 40 authors over a period of 1,500 years and shows a continuity and unity of thought and purpose never seen in any writing. It was written by prophets, kings, warriors, farmers, statesmen, doctors, lawyers, and fishermen with widely varying educational and life experiences.
alert to the streets
"The gas I am about to entrain in the stream of carbon monoxide is my catalyst. It is only necessary to put in a very small amount as, once the action is started, it goes on without further catalysis."
On the plus side, I have a new proposal ready for a steampunk, futuristic, fairy-tale which requires minimal locations and a small cast.
Was out of town when you were made. The cards might target particular occupations, or be directed at personal characteristics of the recipient. Add an inexpensive stamp and the anonymity central to the valentine's tradition, and a cruel insult could be sent with little effort or risk of detection.
The Tories say charity is more important than ever before but this is nonsense as they carry on cutting charitable funding from the government .
The 4th of July may be over but that doesn't mean you can't still have fireworks - and not the kind that are harmful to people, animals and the environment. These fireworks are for your tastebuds!
hands in the air, twirling around.
“You’re really hot aren’t you?” I ignored him, all my attention was focused on the girl I was looking at. How was it possible that I hadn’t noticed her all this time? As if on cue, Salman decided to let us go on break.
A natural roll of 20 means the bad is double on your opponent while a natural 1 you take the bad..
On Thursday, I went to the nuero-ophthalmologist. We spent more time talking than he did examining me. I described all my symptoms. He asked a few questions, did a couple of tests and then sat me down and said that his gut was telling him it was nothing. Then he went on to explain that my symptoms weren't really strong enough to be signs of MS. Apparently, you have dimming in your eyesight for a few weeks and weakness in your muscles. Still vague signs, but mine didn't match up. It was the same with the pseudo brain tumor. He said that he gets a handful of patients like this every year. They see the 'snow' you see on the tv. He puts them through the tests, and 9 times out of 10, its nothing. They can't find anything on any brain scans to explain it.
Given all of this, I would make a few recommendations. One is the addition of a simple reference list of stages in encounters and combat, and at least one example of a simple combat and one example of a whole multi-character encounter. Use of maps when exploring could also be described at some point in the file, and maps with or without miniatures may be useful when it comes to keeping track of larger combats.
beauty, and chocolate.
We also have John Rees. I’m not sure if he’s yet another posh-boy Trot. (He’s ex-SWP, now Counterfire.) However, he’s certainly another neo-colonialist who’s so far up the arse of Islamism, Islamists and Arabs that he’s even been allowed to present ‘anti-Zionist’ historico-docs (on the Islam Channel) on how uniquely evil Israel is when compared to the sweetness and light of the Sudanese Jangaweed, the Pakistani Deobandi, and even the Taliban, al-Qaeda and Hamas.
027.030 YUSUFALI: "It is from Solomon, and is (as follows): 'In the name of Allah, Most Gracious, Most Merciful:
Why doesn't my workplace benefit plan cover all my daughter's wisdom teeth surgery costs and why do dentists charge $4000 an hour and why didn't I find this out in the first place when we scheduled the surgery and really, what different does it really make because it just had to be done and why the hell do we have wisdom teeth anyway?
He more or less blunders aboard the Knight Bus, driven and operated by working class wizards and a wizard’s artifact that Muggles don’t notice, and pays a fare for the trip to London. He gives his name as Neville Longbottom, apparently out of worry that there’s an arrest warrant out under his own name. While on the bus, he learns more about Sirius Black, the escaped prisoner, who turns out to be a dangerous wizard and an old supporter of ‘You-Know-Who.’ The Ministry of Magic had to alert the Muggles to the fact that he was out there, but didn’t give the whole story, of course.
Around about the time I’m slowing down to look for the house we are headed to, I crack my window for some fresh air, and to help with the window fog. I hear frogs. Lots of them. The high thrill that comes from a frogs throat when they have awakened from hibernation, and are looking for another frog to um…have a couple fly martinis with. And it clicked. Frogs. I am smushing frogs. Everyone has been smushing frogs all evening.
It is no surprise that the church should have done so much to foster and protect the nascent university system, since the church, according to historian Lowrie Daly, “was the only institution in Europe that showed consistent interest in the preservation and cultivation of knowledge.”
This machine is operated with standard AA batteries. The Tandy's built with a BASIC program, text editor, and a terminal program, provided by Microsoft and written by Bill Gates. Also applied also tiltable LCD screen with 8 x 40 characters and an internal modem.
To it’s credit, and compared to the government corporations, the Mormons actually do some very good things. Their welfare system is top notch and has been copied by other countries and our own government welfare system is based upon it. But it is the volunteers that make this happen, not the corporation. They are not symbiotic by necessity, only in their corporate structure. It is the people who have the power to make the world better. One must always remember that.
Isn't this little dump truck just too cute! I got this cut from the B is for Boy cricut lite cartridge!!
Here's the doc with a recent TV appearance:
Not everyday is a strong day. Despite keeping busy and talking with friends, I still felt sad today. Not so much because I no longer have my wife, per se. I can honestly say that if she came begging for me to take her back, I would not even consider it. But the emotional hole that has been left in her absence can still be felt. I don’t like being alone.
The funny thing is that the tech community have long delivered services in what *could* have been called cloud, but wasn’t. The evolution of computing, as characterised by high speed connectivity, massive scaling of computing power and cheap cheap storage combined with significant innovations in virtualisation and distributed computing (all of the above in terms of both costs and reliability). Add a weak economy and the related need to reduce the costs of sale and to reduce overhead in general and we have pretty much created a ‘perfect storm’, the nature of which we haven’t seen since the appearance of a systems architecture approach known as SOA (a topic for a future conversation).
The pain in my plantar was tons better today…but NOT 100%. The Strassburg Sock is working well – as is the Trigger Point therapy. But, I’m not there yet.
….can be so hard to Describe.
This one has my little Steiff Gussy cat I bought years ago at a yard sale for a quarter. A lot of money for me back then!
“Who is ‘Eye’?” shouted Arik gruffly in return.
This is meant as a great compliment.
I forgive myself that as a kid I never accepted and allowed myself to question everything of myself to ensure that who I am and what I am becoming support life absolutely within a point of equality and oneness and what is best for all, but that I just accepted what was given to me as values, taught to me by through society and my family because I believed that others knew best and I am just a kid and am am to small to take a stand against abuse.
We've had another glorious day today, it's so nice to have all of your doors and windows open. Even managed to catch a bit of tennis too ! Right I'm off to pack now as I'm going to see my friend for the weekend and my Goddaughter. I've not seen them in a while as they live a 3 hours drive away, so it will be great to catch up.
Simple. Childlike. Innocent.
* MIB tells Ben to shoot Llana with the rifle. He does not.
The lawyer concerned, Mark Lewis, said he had seen the dossier, thought to have been compiled by private detectives, on him and several other lawyers. He said: “Someone thought it was a good idea to see if they could get information. It is entirely reprehensible and completely wrong. It doesn’t scare me, it doesn’t bother me, but it is an apparent attempt to try and gain an improper advantage.” He said the file appeared to have been assembled between December 2010 and January this year. Which – let’s face it – is pretty recent.
Leapbeer #134 is Beachcomber Summer Ale by Vancouver Island Brewery
Maybe this one will work out alright
And if you prefer to see your veggies already prepared and served up on the plate, try my very own spicy marinated aubergines, just one item on the menu we served to friends who joined us for Tapas recently.
Nirrimi Joy Hakanson
Not but in a few pockets of the state (like up around Reelfoot Lake and off the Mississippi to the north), and certainly not like this. And absolutely not in this state’s largest cities.
2) Headband holder made out of oatmeal/drink mix can. I saw this on Pinterest and immediately thought of my massive number of headbands just thrown in a box right now. I swiped my hubs drink mix can and covered it. here it is below. I still have to add the "stand" part. I hope to make another matching one (so I have 2 total- I have sooo many headbands) once we go through more tea mix so I can steal the can. I thought ahead luckily and saved the paper for another matching one. haha
4. Hain Pure Foods Veggie Bowls
There are so many products to choose from, that I’ve basically just written off the expensive ones, believing they are probably just hoopla and a waste of money.
Well, this is what Silverstein does – making you think you too can do it! Though, there is no telling what happens thereafter:
It can happen if something happens that you can’t explain away anymore, some disaster which seems to invalidate the meaning that your life had before. Really what has collapsed then is the whole conceptual framework for your life, the meaning that your mind had given it. So that results in a dark place. But people have gone into that, and then there is the possibility that you emerge out of that into a transformed state of consciousness. Life has meaning again, but it’s no longer a conceptual meaning that you can necessarily explain. Quite often it’s from there that people awaken out of their conceptual sense of reality, which has collapsed.
Of course, experienced shoppers and ebay experts know how to track down a savvy bargain or a real treasure over the internet. And sometimes I score with brands I’m familiar with and with safe items like tops, or I’ve already seen the item in real life and I’m hoping to find a better deal on the internet.
I will repeat my stand on this demonstration: I will NOT attend the planned demo in Aarhus on March 31, 2012, and have never planned to do so.
Braden is investigating one of the many aspects of aerospace engineering. It’s a field aimed at deepening our exploration of the skies and what’s beyond our atmosphere focusing on the design and construction of aircraft and spacecraft. There are two basic areas of aerospace: aeronautics (our skies) and astronautics (outer space, also known as “rocket science”). Within these two areas are many different groups of study including design, construction, aerodynamics, controls and properties.
It is really quite cool
And as you move on, remember me,
Abdoulaye Faye bagged a late equaliser against one of his former clubs to give us a very valuable away point. Stoke did well to come back from 2-0 down after the first half with Big Mama getting Stoke’s first goal following a Fuller pass. Why we started with Cresswell and Danny Pugh who knows and once Ricardo Fuller & Glen Whelan (his free kick provided the Faye goal) came on we were all over Newcastle. The Delap throw in seems to losing its effect as well as the season progresses and Sonko seems to have a big throw on him, although his come in high and are easier to defend than Rory Delap’s powerful, low angled throws.
Pirouettes begin with stillness,
You can pick up tons of product at fabulous prices through the Funkie Junkie Boutique. New items are added everyday. There are now nearly 400 products in the boutique, including over 220 Tim Holtz/Ranger products at really terrific savings! And right now through the end of April, for orders of $75 or more, Linda will split the shipping 50/50 with you, including international shipping. That's a fabulous deal!
My goals for next week…
I do love to decorate this porch for the different seasons,
Legislators seized the moment. “There’s no doubt Burnsville provided the jet fuel” for change, Anfinson said.
Garlic infused olive oil
Do the countless and faceless rescuers from 9/11 have the same value as the 2974 victims? We don't hear of them and their suffering from subsequent illnesses and deaths related to being in the smoke and concrete dust. The city of New York do not pay any compensation or medical bills for these men and women. Will they have a memorial or a state service?
Kerrisdale and westward.....Creme Brule perhaps, after all one lady stated on the news a few years ago when protesting rapid transit being put in her neighbourhood that how dare the city do that! They are the creme de la creme of Vancouver after all!(Well gosh lady, maybe it might help your cleaning lady get to your house in 30 minutes instead of 2 hours)
A horribly biased media that will not even investigate Operation Fast And Furious will certainly not investigate this grossly transparent act of political prostitution by "journalist" George Stephanopoulos. In graphic terms, this was not merely discreet political sex for a quiet off-camera payoff; this was naked, loud copulation at high noon, on the public square. Even so, today almost nobody will say aloud what needs to be said: George Stephanopoulos has now proven himself a political whore of the lowest stripe, but even worse than that, he has shown himself to be a serving member in good standing of Gangster Government, Inc.
My advice as a writer is pretty cut and dry. Take your time. Explore your worlds and your cast. This is not a race to the finish line…unless you want your readers to feel the same way.
It followed her to school one day
“What an idea!” my overly practical mother said flatly.
I just received the Spiral Blossom One die and the Foliage die in the mail from 7kidscollegefund.com (one of my favorite online shopping sites), and since they are new to me, I can enter my cute box into The Friday Mashup Challenge #43. It is actually a sketch challenge, with the second option to 'use something new', or to 'mash it up' by combining both options. The sketch wasn't working for me for the box top.....sorry. (but it's a good sketch!!)
between two rollers –
i will water regularly.
So basically we did nothing...
All in all, it's shaping up to be a busy summer. Lots of gardening, farming, and projects in the works, which I'll detail here soon. Love and miss you all!
We all want to rant and rave and use statistics against the traditional publishing beast as we know it, but kicking it from one end of the street to the other might give us a temporary sense of empowerment and vent our frustrations against the gatekeepers of the beast, but whether we like it or not, we are only going to fix publishing by becoming a part of it. It is time we forgot about the cosmetics of labels like ‘indie’ and championing personal platforms and commercial interests. If ASI really wants to do something constructive, then they should look to fully empowering their authors to do what Seth Godin and Joe Konrath do – let your authors take full control – provide them with a service that makes them own their ISBN and imprint name. Provide them with real distribution channels to high street bookstores. Strike a deal that offers your publishing engine to one of the big six publishing houses. And for the love of god, drop the ‘Achieve your dreams’ talk. I’d like to think that kind of sell is something for the true vanity presses.
If this turns out as my predictability tells, I can see our team going to the playoff without a problem, and even making it past the first round or two. I’m not going to say Playoff champions, but we should make it far.
Hey Laura!
He did not serve a single day of National Service and became a Singapore citizen only two years ago at the invitation of the PAP government, but Angelo Marc Jandugan behaves as if he is the rightful owner of Singapore and ticked off a Singapore NSman like nobody’s business!
‘There was a period of mumbling, fidgeting, and purse browsing and it soon became clear that that was all the cash they had on them. It was slowly decided that some items were to be removed from their pile, re-scanned and deleted from the bill. (I heard a couple of groans from the people behind me in the newly forming queue.)
I also think the mind-shift that Abundance represents is one we should all consider. This is especially true for philanthropy, which is created from abundance but operates in a model defined by scarcity. How does our work change, what might we do differently when we examine those absolutely root assumptions? Even if only as a thought exercise, what can philanthropy look like if solutions are possible and resources are available?
You can find the name of the insert on the front cover. Please refer to the picture above.
The same math might be affecting how African-Americans in the House of Representatives transition to the Senate, too. There are currently 44 black House members, a record-high number.
Will he encounter an untimely death like Crawford, Sharperson and Lima?
Book 1 – The Hunger Games
I made it bigger because, as I said, it's going to because a pillow cover. I really really love it (and it's really heavy!). Now I just need to figure out what to do to turn it into something that will measure 18" or 20" square. Any suggestions ? I think I might just add solids because I don't what it to be too busy you know. And I want the focus to be the Somerset Star and not the thing that'll be around.
Other meals I can think of that are good to take around to new mums are lasagne, shepherds/cottage pie, meatloaf, chicken soup, chicken pie, sausage, bean and tomato stew- would love to hear of more ideas- (maybe you have a recipe on your blog and could put a link to it?)
You can see the carbonation in the photo, and the red brown colouring.
Sliced mushrooms 3
So, the next question is, when do Pod and I get it? I think we're in quarantine.
So it was with pleasure that I have been reading through and baking from Stacy Adimando's new cookbook: The Cookiepedia: Mixing, Baking and Reinventing the Classics (Philadelphia: Quirk Books, 2011, $18.95). I have my favorite cookies to bake up at holiday time, but there's always the excitement of trying out something new for my cookie tray and I'm happy to report that the Dried Fruit Cookies I made from her recipe (p. 87 - subbing in a blend of sorghum, tapioca starch, white rice flour and a 1/2 tsp. of xanthan gum for the wheat flour to make them gluten-free) made a wonderful batch of cookies that disappeared in no time. The cookies were chewy and studded with nuggets of dried cranberries, with a hint of cinnamon. Perfect!
I miss the theatre, though, and have thought about it often. It’s just one of the many things I used to do, way back before children, which I hardly ever do now. When there was a new staging of A Raisin in the Sun recently, I wanted to go – but I couldn’t think of anyone who would go with me. I kept telling myself I would buy tickets, but I never did.
“But no one doubts that Communism will win, or at least I know of no one who doubts it – I can confide this to you because the hour is twelve midnight, and a man becomes loose-tongued then, if not downright frivolous. You, on the other hand, are not conditioned against Communism and you have no occasion to be afraid of it; so for that reason you can be a Communist if you like, it’s quite becoming for a healthy country girl from the north to be a Communist – more so, at least, than being a lady.”
Combine breadcrumbs, onion mixture, remaining 1 1/2 tsp fajita seasoning, remaining 1/8 tsp salt, tomato paste, turkey, and egg white in a large bowl.
He had quite a week a few weeks ago.
I have borne witness to the last breaths of friends
Me: It wasn’t horrible. It was good. I was ok. My mom pulled my text logs. My mom knows. My parents know that you know, that there’s a lawyer, they know everything. They have ALL my texts. Ok… I’m so frustrated. I’m stuck. Okay. I’m totally crying. I just want to run away, start over somewhere new where they can’t find me. I want to disappear. I can’t leave here because of my daughter. I am stuck, standing right where I am and they know everything.
The Spinners: The Rubberband Man
My admiration for her grows daily, as I enjoy spending extra time with my granddaughter and her Mommy.
My biggest problem with Valentine’s Day, really, is my biggest problem with most holidays: being told when and how to celebrate, giving out stereotypical and expected gifts because you’ll be looked down upon if you don’t, and complaining if you don’t get presents from the right people is not a real celebration of anything. It’s a mockery of love and a cop out to romance.
I hate it when I have made plans to push myself to workout more to begin training for this race and I get hurt!!! I know I am still 312 days away but I feel as I cannot waste not one day. Now, I’m behind from my goal for the week. Chances are tomorrow my leg will be too sore to workout. Which totally sucks because I really wanted to go to my RPM class. WHY!!!!!!!!!!!
I bought a juicy hunk of corn on the cob from a street stand and for the first time managed to ask for it in Chinese without soliciting nothing but a puzzled expression.
Step up
Staff occasionally float past our table, offering hot dishes like meatballs on bread or warm grilled chorizo, transferred to your plate with tongs and a smile. It's a brilliant way of eating - savouring our self-designed lunch degustation, dipping in and out of each pintxos as we please.
This week's choice was a no brainer for me. I have this odd gift for remembering just about everything about any movie I have seen. I even remember things about movies that I don't want to remember like 'From Dusk Till Dawn'...ick is all I have to say about that. I pretty much kick ass when it comes to movie trivia, as long as I have seen the movie at least once.
Story reading many tools from saws to drills were used to kill these defenseless animals is sickening. Sometimes it is hardening to comprehend the difference between humans and animals, but these sorts of stories and those especially from those who have pets would hardly make a distinction between the two. Who could blame them? Pets are so faithful.
Honey Honey
Does anyone have Cormac McCarthy's address? I guess he lives in Santa Fe. I want to go over his house and eat lunch.
The other day, two of my friends came over & all three of us ended up with different Finger Paints flakie mani's. One combo was Finger Paints Asylum over Wet n Wild Black Creme & the other Finger Paints Motley over Sinful Colors See You Soon. Haha, it felt like we were choosing our starter Pokemon x) I ended up picking Twisted because that was the one I wanted most to make my nails look like "unicorn puke."
One of my very lovely friends is having a last minute blog sale. Go check it out and score an awesome deal on some lovely makeup. You know you want to!!!!!!! CLICK HERE!
Adaptability to new electronic worlds is all very well, but it is nothing without a streak of hard conservatism. As writers we love neologisms, word play and the whole dazzling funfair of language as she is spoke and bespoke, but we also have a certain interest in stability. We would prefer a word at the end of a paragraph to retain much the same bundle of meanings that it had when it appeared at the beginning of it. We know about the modifications of meaning undergone by any word on its journey through text, and as writers it is our business to know that, but we do rely on the stability of the range.
4. U.S. Nationals 400 Final – It wasn’t the fastest race of the year. It didn’t feature Merritt or Wariner as champion. Instead we got a young Tony McQuay crossing the line first. Exciting because it shows that we’re still growing quality quartermilers! And while this young man succumbed to injury in Daegu, it’s always nice to know that the 400 pipeline is still working.
1. Love Hurts
16. I have not had an unexpected car repair this month…and I won’t because the car is parked and I’m not going anywhere tonight. If it breaks down tomorrow that will come out of next month’s pay. Let’s hope it does not break down.
The top of the packaging is clear plastic. I love this with a lipstick because you can see the true color. When shopping for a drugstore lipstick this is major, most of the time you end up picking a lipstick based on the color of a sticker. Which is never the true color.
Here are a few things to consider in developing a “marketing experience” for your business:
What do you think? Have you ever had an experience with sleep apnea?
Three wise men seeking the truth they traveled from afar
has come to my attention that there are no offensive words consisting of 1 or 2
9. Dear Friend
Needless to say, I emailed Karin (aka niraky) with suggestions for what I was thinking would work on the first Broken cover, and got a quote. Now I have to save up the money required for her talented work, and get the first book POD ready.
--that time I overheard Hudson "reading" a favorite book in his room.
I’m not sure how to expand on that, other than to say that you know when a system doesn’t work well at the table.
To ensure victory, they emlpoy a very clever way – the “kidnap” strategy.
Apart from some injuries caused by the exit routine itself, thankfully there were no tragedies. Read my Airport Informer report on the incident here ……
It seems like just yesterday that shameless Goldman Sachs pimp and lying sack of shit Ben Bernanke swore that he would never, ever, evah monetize our debt. As he continued to hand out money like Santa Claus at a Wall Street Christmas Party, we slept.
I wonder how long this will last?
While many would say that GMA Films is not a home of the blockbusters and winning movies, I guess The Road is one movie you should exempt. I watched the movie when it was released locally. Basically, you’ll expect a new kind cinematography aside from what Filipinos are used to seeing. It will make you feel like you are in the scene and not just watching it from a movie house. The camera rotations, color tones, lens flares, wiggly shots, all of these will put you in the world where you cannot escape terror. You will feel like you are running for your life, and you just want to help the cast. The sounds are thrilling and it crawls on your skin.
It's about: Stephanie Nielson (NieNie) is a famous Mommy-blogger whose life changed dramatically when she and her husband were in a serious near-fatal plane crash which left 80% of her body burned. The memoir chronicles her life before the crash and her struggles to deal with the aftermath of it
I confess that I convince myself to buy junk food at the store to use as treats for my daughter, only to hide them and then eat them myself once the kids are in bed. Along the same lines, I confess that giving my son vanilla wafers to "play" with during mealtimes should be a crime, since they always end up getting smashed and broken. Each time I vacuum up pieces of vanilla wafer, a small part of me dies inside.
I would love to hear stories about secure leaders you’ve worked with or insecure leaders you’ve worked with and what it was like in either case.
If the UN wants to support the ending of oppressive regimes its money would be better spent translating and disseminating literature on effective nonviolent resistance to oppressed people around the world. The spread of weapons and violence will never bring peace, for they are antithetical.
The biggest winner from this group today had to be T.J. Graham (NC State) who showed plus burst and suddenness in and out of his breaks to create separation consistently. His hands were also very good as I did not see him drop a pass today. Graham is one of the faster players in this game and could time as well as 4.3 in next month’s NFL Combine. It will be interesting to see whether Graham has just track speed or if he is really a complete football player, as he certainly looked like the former in today’s practice. Graham has built some solid momentum going into Tuesday. One player who I had highlighted as a potential small school sleeper was Appalachian State’s Brian Quick. Quick had at least 3 drops on the day and seemed a tad bit intimidated by the big stage. His routes were sloppy and he really showed little burst and acceleration in and out of his cuts. Quick tended to round off his routes and was not nearly as crisp as you would like to see as he had trouble dropping his weight to generate momentum into his breaks. Today was a disappointing practice for the small school star but it will be interesting to see how he responds to what was a lackluster and disappointing day overall. I didn’t get a very good look at the rest of the wide receiver’s but Cal’s Marvin Jones is one player who was said to have a pretty good day as he beat Dennard on a vertical route in one on ones. Ohio State’s Devier Posey had an okay practice as he showed nice route running skills in 1 on 1′s but struggled hauling and looking in passes from what I was able to gather.
Why should you advertise on Because I Said So/Because I Said So Reviews? Word-of-mouth exposure to many! My readers are moms. I average more than 8000 hits a day.
ESCAPE TO THE COUNTRY: Survivors from CASH IN THE ATTIC attempt to flee the Cybus Industries mop-up squad.
“Titanium”
... and falling into the doorjamb due to a bad habit of clipping out with one foot and leaning the opposite direction.
I pulled a hot iron on my thigh;
And did I get to eat it? Eat it? I didn't even get within 3 feet of it before I was DRAGGED away by my string. After all the work I put in!!
For the cover Maida (all purpose flour) 500gm Salt a pinch Oil or ghee (melted) 6 to 7 tbsp For the stuffing Crumbled khoya 500 gm Almond 25 g chopped Kishmis (raisin) 25g chopped Coconut milk powder 25 grm Cashew 25gm chopped Pistachio 5 gm chopped Cardamom ½ tsp freshly ground Sugar (powder) to taste Salt a very small pinch For Frying
Mit einem Klick auf den Namen gelangt ihr zum Blog der einzelnen DT-Mitglieder. Dort könnt ihr viele wundervolle Inspirationen sehen und wenn ihr mögt einen lieben Gruß hinterlassen.
As things progressed the characters fell into bad company and ended up raiding a caravan carrying goods belonging to a powerful sorcerer, who happened to abide in the city depicted above. He magically imprisoned their souls and used this as leverage to force them to undertake various ill advised ventures to dark and dangerous places including the ghoul haunted ruins of Tha'al nan Jaax and the Plane of Anarchy where they were memorably pitted against motorcycle riding undead racing to retrieve an Ancient tome from a dead gods tomb ( shades of Moorcock here).
The agreement included a decision to reduce the international filing fee under the PCT by 5% (this means that the international filing fee will fall from 1,400 SFr to 1,330 SFr) and to increase the reduction from 75% to 90% for countries whose per capita national income is below US$3,000, as well as to Antigua and Barbuda, Bahrain, Barbados, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Oman, Seychelles, Singapore, Trinidad and Tobago and the United Arab Emirates. This fee reduction will be effective from 1 July 2008.
Karen Johnson has been drawing all of her life. She has worked on the feature film, “Ferngully The Last Rainforest” and has created animations for Disney, Fisher Price and Mattel. She has illustrated several children’s books and is currently teaching animation at a college in Wisconsin. She started Karen’s Doodles so she could share her whimsical
Here's that link again so you can sign up to download his free chapter and begin doing what you need to do achieve what you want to achieve: Download your free chapter now.
According to the St. Lucie County Sheriff’s Office, Daniel Lee Carmichael, 43, used the ID of his friend of 30 years during hospital visits, reports TCPalm.com.
Companions: The Doctor, Liz Shaw, The Brigadier.
Took us a while to get moving this morning but we headed into town to have a look around. Headed straight towards the esplanade and the coast. Our first glimpse of the Arafura Sea (well, my first glimpse! Tim has been here before) was a beautiful blue-green bay. No surf up here, the ocean is all calm. Another hot and muggy day. Even though it is only about 34' it is all clammy and we were shiny and sweaty within minutes. There is a big park that runs the length of the foreshore area and we walked along that and into town. The town centre has a nice feel to it. It's kinda cool to be in a capital city where most everything is closed on a Sunday! LOL! The cafes and stuff were open but all the general businesses and shops were shut. We wandered around for a bit and then decided to grab some lunch. We had walked past a pretty authentic looking chinese restaurant a few times that smelt great and they had a Sunday Yum Cha special so we decided to head in for that. I have to admit i had no clue what i was grabbing from the chef... little spiky balls of meaty rice and some kind of white speckled folded up pancake thing. It was all ok but with no menu and no prices it ended up a scary $39 for a not so big lunch. Ouch!
“Anybody who really cared about the details — which, admit it, is virtually no one – could then check out the whole decision online,” Stern said. “But the Jumbotron would catch the essential up-and-down or side-to-side head movement. Any judgments or dissents that accompany the nodding could be captured by fellow audience members, who would meet with the media afterwards.”
ingredients (such as salad greens from Rebecca at Persephone Farms).
Whose fault is this? Whose hypocrisy is this?
It means that you recognize a spotlight will seek you out...when it's the right time....and not the other way around.
We did get to see many more birds, but managing to pick up a recognizeable photograph on the move, doesn't always happen. Consider these my 'record-shots' then.
I've jotted ideas down on receipts, napkins and kids spelling lists. When I am in the zone and spending a lot of time thinking of ideas they often come to me at inconvenient moments. If I don't write them down, I don't always remember them. (Even when it is a book title that I will never use just because of a ficticious storyline I made up to tease a friend).
"Your little stunt seems to have cured Pete"
Anyway, I came across a few looks that I instantly fell in love with and decided to share it with all you lovely people out there.
One altogether; not by confusion of Substance, but by unity of Person.
The recently flooded regions of Kenya may be hit by water-borne diseases including UN health organizations have warned, urging for organized hygiene campaigns. The 2010 rainy season in Kenya, which is expected to last until late June/ early July, has already claimed 18 lives and affected the lives of more than 10,000 others. The worst affected areas are located in the northern, north-eastern and western regions of the country.
I looked around. The church in the middle of the road that I remembered partially remained, its columns stripped for rebuilding purposes. The fittings for the phone boxes were sticking up from the ground, wires splayed everywhere like dropped spaghetti. My guide walked further up the block, looked around the corner, and beckoned me to him.
Row 22: Purl
It was an exhausting, but WONDERFUL, day!!! Rosie was in such a good mood and everyone had a great time :) Thanks to everyone who came to help us celebrate... we are so blessed to have amazing friends and family! Also, you will get thank you notes from me eventually... I'm just slow these days! ;)
A little boy wishes he had different animals parts and explains the wonderful ways he would use them. But each one has a problem, so in the end he decides he is happy being himself. . A silly and insightful tale told in classic Dr. Seuss rhyme.
See, from so many bodies an invincible life rises!
“Shortly after that, the neurologist told me that he thought that Emma had a disease, but he had no proof for the diagnosis, so nothing further was done. I was devastated, fearing that my baby was going to die. I fell into the darkness of hopelessness and sorrow, so that I spent weeks as if in a daze. I don’t know what happened, but after two months something in my heart told me that Emma was not to die, not like this and not without knowing what was making her so sick. I felt I must carry on and that I was to get a second opinion. We took her to the best specialists in the UK. They did many tests, but still no answers!!”
5) Looked into a local fitness center and purchased a heart monitor (the polar FT7).
PENNY MARSHALL is really getting the swing at being a TV super-star. When she and hubby, ROB REINER got in a heavy argument recently at a Hollywood restaurant, Penny slammed a piece of lemon meringue pie in his face and shouted, "I don't have to take this, I'm a damn star!" Gee whiz, is ugly really in?
The aim is to share our little likes apart from crafting, so it appears that Pintrest is the way forward, now its been a while since I was there so it was lovely to see what new images were on the block!
In the dark boathouse, Skip does the typical slasher "Hello? Anyone in here?" routine, so his fate is pretty much sealed. Another slasher film cliche, a cat, leaps onto Skip's face from out of nowhere. (Incidentally, I saw the film Horrible Bosses this weekend, and it featured a really funny running gag about this...go see it, the movie's funny as Hell) Skip recovers from his fright, flicks open a lighter, then is snatched into the darkness by an unseen assailant. Bye, Skip.
This is week #4. Things are going well but we want to grow so do join us for this week's assignment. May is designated Asian Heritage Month. In honor of the month, I am asking you to:
Happy Wednesday! Doesn’t this recipe look good? Thinking I am going to try making it soon…Nothing like a little bit of chocolate yumminess to help get you through the rest of the week!
I am saying bye to this bad aura. She will eventually bite into someone else’s soul. But she will never nor will anyone ever take a bite out of this sou!!
Apparently, he wasn’t prepared for us to ask him anything. He looked kind of wide-eyed at us for a minute, and turned to one of his family members. The family member translated what I said, and he answered, “Oh, South India.”
catches her as she falls.
This stanza is partly true, but also contains much that is false. For example, the use of the categorical “never’ is fallacious. I am a warrior, and I will say “sorry” when I muck something up.
Ramsey Campbell – The Same in Any Language
Enjoy and have a wonderful Christmas.
At my twelve is 2012, all 365 days of it.
Matt Cutts: Google Video on Good Quality Content vs SEO
By their definition I am a racist, and yet I hate nobody, I would not wish to harm a hair on any non-white head, I wish them only happiness and that their lands thrive in peace and prosperity and that we can cohabit as a harmonious and mutually supportive international community. I ache for the people of other nations when I see the horrors inflicted upon them by their own governments and acts of God. I believe totally that third world countries need our aid and our support, I honour and admire many of their national traditions and customs and feel that the world would be a poorer place were they not preserved, in the same way that I honour and love the culture and traditions of my own land, and believe the world would be a poorer place were they to be lost.
Marty Rathbun is the best auditor I’ve ever had, and I have had many. His
Over-all our family has had a very busy year. We vacationed in California with all of Rachel's family and spent the week at the River House playing with cousins and water-skiing. We have been actively trying to find a baby to adopt and have had lots of ups and downs with that. Currently our home is for sale and we have an offer on a beautiful, brand new home near by. So we are waiting patiently for the right buyer to come along.
P.S. Little bit excited about one of the celebrities attending too! Oh the shame of my S Club 7 love!
Here's a peek at the inside (which, as you can see, is quite simple with a bit of space for a personal note) . . .
Anyway, I’ll stop beating around the bush and just tell my story.
“She had a loving spirit and a great sense of humor,” Damron said. “She was just sweet as could be.”
This banking conglomerate is these days considered as a criminal organization pur sang and countries like Spain, Greece and Germany have stopped doing business with Goldman’s suicide bankers, as they’ve been called by journalist Max Keiser. Currently GS is investing through its Capital Partners VI-fund (more than 20 billion dollars).
Now, ALEKS taught me that Ben could be much more responsible for his own learning. So we are taking Geometry and Chemistry from the same site . He's a natural in Geometry, but if he quit today, he'd have a 26% for the year in Chemistry. But he's still plugging away because his dream is to work with steam engines (and thus boilers) and he needs the chemistry, so he doesn't give up. It's presented in the same format, and he learns it slowly yet completely. I don't spend any time helping. By the grace of God and hard work he'll pass Chemistry if he bites the bullet. He just needs to come up with 44% more points to pass...and, it fulfills Georgia's damn standards!
Make & Model: Honda Edix 1.7
In that poem
In this Wyeth illustration from "Treasure Island", the heroes are preparing to raise the flag of their fort, in defiance of the pirates that are laying siege outside the walls. He could have painted the moment where the flag is raised in a heroic fashion against the sun, with pirates firing their muskets at it and the heroes straining to raise the flag. It could have been painted as a big dramatic moment, but instead Wyeth chose the moment before: the simple action of the character sewing the flag to the flagpole and preparing to hoist it above the fort.
14 Your Face
“We love the place, O God, wherein thine honour dwells.
"The identification and clearance of music copyright is a complex process that suffers from high transaction costs when managed by individual rightsholders. The pooling of music copyright in collective rights management organizations has historically reduced these costs, while providing a larger, and thus more attractive, repertoire to commercial users via the issuance of blanket licences. However, the development of digital distribution channels and automated clearance technologies for music copyright across multiple borders presents a number of challenges to the current system. As music consumption increasingly takes digital forms, Europe must modernize its collective rights management system in response.
They sell so much lube in the stores, I have always wondered if it is ‘normal’ that so many vaginas in the USA have problems with ‘dryness’.
Darkness will descend and Americans will begin to live with blackouts and brownouts that will undermine every aspect of our lives. It’s bad enough when a town or even a city briefly loses power because of a storm, but imagine that occurring on a regular basis because there just aren’t enough utilities generating power!
Crazy talk.
PAUL McCANDLESS oboe, bass clarinet
Ingredients Needed
Its just enough to feel your breath on mine
The chitchat has died
However, multicultural Britain was no more on show on the streets surrounding Westminster abbey on the day of the Royal Wedding than it is on the streets of Wooton Bassett at each repatriation.
- r. bowie, neath, s.wales, 17/2/2012 20:12
I should’ve taken a photo of their business card. It’s really cool. It’s rounded and gold with purple letters. I will take a picture of it someday. (I’ve seen the most creative business cards in Jakarta.)
- 1932: Japan attacks Shanghai, China in 1932
NYC “White Shirt” Cop Supervisors Help Arrest Wall Street Protesters
The Holy Spirit answered by leading the pastor up a mountain path and through the forest. When he stopped at the edge of a well-known terrorist village, Kata couldn’t believe it. This paramilitary group often killed or terrorized Christians in a nationalist effort to keep India strictly Hindu. To make matters worse, one of the most feared leaders lived in this village. He destroyed churches, beat or raped Christians and even killed them.
My bedroom was the focus of some serious additions, but it had to made into an "L" shape to fit with the rest of the house, which makes maneuvering it a little awkward sometimes.
The only thing more delicious than lying for food’s sake, and being caught, was having the Chef take a bow and step over to our table!
I am 100 percent disabled according to the federal government. It’s funny because ever since they “deemed” me disabled, I have been desperately trying NOT to be disabled. First off, I have no typical weeks. There is nothing “typical” about me. I get up and make sure the kids get ready for school and on the bus. I find a little something to eat for breakfast and take a handful of meds. If I am extremely tired I lie down and take a nap. My days start slow. I am stiff and sore. It usually takes two hours to become productive. I clean as much of the house I can while everyone is gone to school and work. How much I get done depends on how much energy I have and whether or not my sugar level crashes (thanks to the pancreas!). I study photography lessons for an hour or two, or if I have editing to do, I will do that instead. When they get home at 3:30, I start cooking supper and clean up the kitchen. If I have errands to run, I usually do it around 4:30 so I have someone with me in case I need them. Then I spend an hour or two on the couch relaxing and getting caught up on the laundry at the same time. I also have to make sure the boys’ homework is completed and showers are taken (They are boys). Then I have to make sure everything is in the backpacks, clothes are laid out for the next day and my 16 year old’s bag is packed for weight class. Then I start the nightly drama of going to bed. I have to find a snack and take another handful of pills. My legs hurt a lot, and I have to get my pain level down enough to go to sleep. What I have described is a GOOD day. If I have a bad day, I stay on the couch all day, and the only thing that gets done is supper (and the clothes laid out and backpacks packed). Nothing else gets done because the fatigue is too bad, and the pain is too high.
Treu described the performances of Cornal Hendricks and Pieter Engelbrecht as two of the most pleasing aspects of Hong Kong. He hopes they will be able to maintain that level of consistency.
Which brings me to this astounding rendition of Foggy Mountain Breakdown. The cast of players is legend. The playing is moving.
I contacted her to see what the dealio was. The pricing was great, she had the colors I wanted but the catch was you had to dig them up youself. UGH!
Zanskar was an independent kingdom located between the main portion of the Indian Himalaya and the Indus valley. It is a remote place. It is located at an altitude of 3600m and extends over an estimated area of 7000sq km amidst the mountainous territory gorges and dramatic glaciers. This region is covered with heavy snow for almost seven months in a year and thus this region remains isolated. Due to isolation only the culture of Ladakh is still preserved. There are several magnificent and famous monasteries like Lingshet, Stongde, Karsha, Sani, Dzongkhul, Rangdum, Bardan, Phugtal.
III. Paediatric Extension of Duration The objective of the Paediatric Regulation is to ease the development and accessibility of medicinal products for use with the paediatric population. This objective is achieved by a system of obligations, rewards and incentives, where multiple incentives are ought to be excluded. An extension of duration is a reward with respect to ArtPd. 36. The general preconditions for an application for extension of duration were shown with regard to the respective form sheets of the German Patent and Trademark Office and the Intellectual Property Office, UK (Form SP4). Also it was shown for application deadlines to vary with respect to status of the application procedure. On the other hand, in the case of waiver, class waiver or deferral according to ArtPd. 7(1(b) to (d) an extension of duration is not possible. In the case of a new field of application of significant clinical benefit against existing therapy it may also be applied for a one year extension of data exclusivity (Art. 10(1) 2001/83). Here the company has to choose exclusively between one more year of data protection or a 6 month extension of duration. If market exclusivity was granted to orphan drugs according to Art. 8(1) 141/2000, there is no extension of duration (ArtPd. 26(4)). A controversial question in the field is whether studies which were conducted accordingly to the agreed paediatric investigation plan, must have been conducted by the holder of the patent or protection certificate or if the results of third party studies can be used instead. Although considering the intention of the Paediatric Regulation, the consequence of admissibility of use of third party studies and a missing analogy to the decision Biogen/ SmithKline, the question is yet not decided. IV. Scope and Effect of an SPC. Incidentally, on the same day the CJEU answered the Referral in Case C-442/11, directed to the question of the effects of a mono SPC against combination products, this issue was intensively discussed during the seminar.
- In Europe people are usually more hospitable, even if they dont know your band. Cooking, places to sleep, beer, pretty much everything all around. Usually in the U.S its not so common to find people/places like that.
My favorite colors, Aqua, Pink & Silver. This set always makes me want to kick back with a glass of wine and go hop in the tub and relax with a good book.......
It is great to see that such a tight group of friends like this have all stuck together and still find time to all remember where they came from and jam. Trust me people, this scene is rare and should be appreciated much more.
“I didn’t,” I groaned and reached for my journal.
so i’ve been trying to be really good and bring my lunch in every day instead of spending a kajillion dollars on sammiches (as delicious as they are, i am trying to have money for when i FINGERS CROSSED go to graduate school and am officially poor).
Anyway, that's neither the "good news" nor the "bad news" in the post title; actually, far as I'm concerned, it's not news at all, it's just more poorly constructed, sensationalist blather designed to keep people scared so the grant money continues to roll in. The good/bad news came at the end of the article:
Look at the FUN add-on stamps Kathy also created to match this kit - including a leprechaun and TWO coordinating background images. These sets are not included in the kit, but can be purchased separately for all to enjoy! (psst...those Action Wobbles are PERFECT for the heads you can create with this month's stamp kit!)
There is a theory, that the moon had somehow been captured by the earth's gravitational field is interesting, but still not satisfactory, that is if it is assumed that the moon is a "natural" object manuevered about by random gravitational processes. However, this theory is the most favored by scientists today. There are enormous objections to overcome in this last theory because of the extremely difficult celestial mechanics involved. The probability that the moon came from elswhere in the solar system outside the orbit of the earth is even more remote, if not totally impossible. This is because that as the moon aproaches the earth from outside earth orbit it would be gaining speed, and as it got near the earth, a braking maneuver would be required to put it into the orbit that it has. A braking manuever can only be accomplished with thrusting systems under intelligent control of some kind.
A Venus made flesh in a shell full of sea?
PS. Blog title courtesy of Porcupine Tree by way of Public Enemy.
we lash out at ourselves
1. Ragazzi Bianchi
1. Baby Daughter – she is 100% dependent on me right now and she must always come first. If that means I skip a snack or miss a mealtime because she needs me I need to remember that she is the highest priority and to NOT beat-up myself that I can’t be a 100% perfect dieter.
There are other ways of trading gold, or to proxy it. Others here have discussed their preferences. I love Forex because it’s 24 hours per day 5 days a week, it’s instantaneous entry/exit at low transaction cost. Others feel differently. One thing I like about the Forex account is that, if I so choose, I can get into some other currency pairs. At times, I’ve entered into trades where there has been a huge spike simply based on initial reaction to some news report. I usually stick with gold, but I’ll take an occasional shot elsewhere here and there.
This might be quite exciting for us both, or it might come to nothing.
“Staging a demonstration is fair enough, but threatening and preventing lawful trade from taking place isn’t,” they add.
This pattern was verified by a much more rigorous analysis in the peer-reviewed journal PLosOne last year. The authors broke the laws down somewhat differently, into four levels (no provision, abstinence covered, abstinence promoted, abstinence stressed), and plotted them against state teen pregnancy rates, like this:
I'm convinced that my water broke that first time, and that it broke a second time two days later (the bag can reseal, temporarily or permanently, after breaking).
we did lots of fun things when they were here visiting, namely the fashion island mall’s enormous christmas tree display.
Felt only slightly better than yesterday. Feels like my legs forgot how to operate. Shin was ok, though. Hiking.
I've been in love with Vera's new perfume Lovestruck. (I avoided writing Vera Wang because I like to think she and I are secretly friends and on a first name basis!)
I put the vest on, and ummfffff. I have to say it felt kind of like a giant had his thumb on my head and was trying to squish me. I took a (not-too-long the first time out) walk, and had a number of thoughts. One, it felt more like aerobic exercise than resistance, because I noticed that my breathing became just a teeny bit labored, as if I was climbing stairs. However, it could help with leg muscles, since though the weights aren’t on my legs, they are still making my legs work harder carrying more overall weight. I did feel some discomfort in my neck and shoulders from the pressure while wearing it and was worried I might have a backache afterwards, but I didn’t. I might have had it too snugly Velcro-ed, but I had a slight sensation of my lungs being cramped for lack of room. I’m making it sound worse than it was, but I definitely didn’t have the free and easy feeling I usually experience when walking, which was kind of a bummer. One of the things I love about weighing less is that lighter feeling when walking – so delicious.
Its a sunny day today.... looks like the gardening might win over the craft room...*sigh*
Found an "R" written ever so neatly in ball point pen on the arm this morning as well as a side order of doggy poop smeared on E.V.E.R.Y. cushion bc it was on the bottom of Mr Big's shoe. Yep shoes on the sofa, I've thrown my hands up... Enough on that, maybe one day soon I can get another slipcover, preferably in navy:)
DARE I SAY MORE…..read ISAIAH 54 for the bigger picture.
This is just one more thing you should think about. If you're going somewhere and want to get your humor on think about what kind of people you'll be with and what kind of humor you want to communicate.
They claim its the *** (another company) but I feel like I am just getting the run around?"
Anita K. Jones
G, T, and B enjoying post dinner loooolipops or yoyyi pops (depending whose speech impediment you prefer)
Language is about communication not rules.
First, let's talk about "fear." I know the word is being used in a somewhat casual sense here but for me at that school there was a more significant depth to that word than "I'm afraid it might rain." More like "I'm afraid to hold this grenade with the pin out when the spoon looks like it might not be completely engaged."
If you don’t have that confidence, then it’s the same steps as buying a TV. Research online, see what you need, compare prices and go in-store to learn more about the product and see if there are any in-store deals. Keep shopping around until you find a computer in your price range. Check for any open promotions as well, such as free monitors and free printers. Opt-out from any services they may offer you (such as installing virus protection software or “optimizing” your PC). These services can cost a few hundred dollars and you can easily do these yourself by just doing a search online. It won’t even take you more than an hour.
Sutter heads upstairs and knocks on the door of the room. Jonah Hex answers the door, holding a pistol in Sutter's face and we can see a saloon girl on the bed in the background. Sutter tells Hex that the Turner twins have murdered Sutter's cousin and the reward has been doubled. Hex allows the boy into the room and the saloon girl, April, helps the doc treat Avram's wounds.
Some noteworthy Liberal achievements include the domestication of cats, the invention of group therapy and group hugs, the evolution of the Hollywood actor, and the concept of Democratic voting to decide how to divide all the meat and beer that Conservatives provided. Over the years, Conservatives came to be symbolized by the largest, most powerful land animal on earth, the elephant. Liberals are symbolized by the jackass.
"Tallulah Joe,
Whilst Messrs Whitehouse and Clark, the administrators, are clearly accountants of great skill and experience, they do not, as far as I know, have any background in running a football club. Perhaps the fact of his departure is the best epitaph for Mr Smith and his ill-fated tenure at Ibrox. More a case of “And Smith must go!” rather than “And Smith must score!”
Do you have to press “1” for this and “2” for that and so on…??
“Of course you could . . . llamas feel good,” LleMoyne replied.
Sentiment is Raindrop Echo w/Whimsy
Milena Oda recites in the spring her spring-poem: My Hyacinth Garden”….
My health declined rather quickly soon there after and I was in and out of doctors offices and hospitals. I began taking of a lot of my parents time and attention due to the muscle disorder and Leah needed more from them. She resented me for this. She knew it was nothing I was in control of but instead of being supportive and sympathetic she retaliated by telling me ” You’re faking” “You’re a liar” and “I hate you”. I now know that at that time Leah was dealing with he rown emotional pain and adolescent challenges. She was being bullied at school, feeling a lot of insecurities over her body, struggling to keep friends and loathing being poor. I became the target for her anger with life. Of course then I didn’t know what was taking place in her life and internalized all the mean things she would say and do. I was in physically pain, struggling with my own losses and fears and all I wanted was a loving sister. This continued into our teen years.
I was going to write a bit more on family nights, in general, but realize I've written a lengthy narrative on Valentine's Day alone. This just means I'll have to blog more.
Pop Back tomorrow when Lisa will be your hostess and I'm sure there will be lots more entries with her theme!!
Good morning! Today I wanted to show you this new pillow cover that just came in the mail. I am a big fan of the Etsy store Elegant Touch, and I spotted this beauty on sale for only $25...definitely can't beat that. I thought it was a great price and ordered it for our new bedroom. As many of you know, I am phasing out some of our old decor and bringing in more grays, whites, and blues.
Storytelling and narrative a bigger part of the marketing for all BMW models.
Our junk room is now EMPTY. It will soon become our learning space.
The next day, I noticed my ice shanty was frozen to the ice. The weight of the snow on the ice or the atmospheric pressure pushes down on the ice and forces lake water up through the holes in the ice and freezes. After a couple of hours of cutting ice around the floor, I learned to lift the ice shanty off the ice, placing it on large chunks of fire wood.
Last night, the county dipped down to 20, possibly even lower in a few areas. According to the paper at least half of the local cherry crop is lost. Of course, these are the caveats of farming, the weather can devastate a year's worth of hard work.
GARROSH: Yeah. I think I need to go stab a bunny or something.
Yesterday, I had a wonderful chance to talk with my niece, Whitt, about this and a lot more and although the topics were pretty eclectic, it seemed a few were determined to stay with me long into the arms of Morpheus. So I wanted to put pen and ink to paper, so to speak, so that I could go back and picture one of the most beautiful and vivid of dreams I've had in a long, long time.
And Linda stirs, throws back the covers and her day begins.
Burning: A police officer in riot gear emerges from the debris after shooting pepper spray at masked protestors during May Day demonstrations turned violent in Seattle
Sate Bandeng ( Milkfish Satay )
“I don’t hear any beeping Mom. Maybe you are finally going crazy. I know the time has been nearing. You seem to be losing it lately Mom.” I pressed three again. And again.
"52 lunges across the bridge, 52 weeks in the year, 52 playing cards, 4 suits in a deck, 4 seasons in a year, 4 symbols. If I was to lay a card on each week I would give each suit a season, laying the aces on each equinox and solstice. What suit would I give each season? Well, obviously spring would be hearts, summer clubs, fall spades, and winter diamonds. Whoa. Why do I say obviously?" . . . and the conversation continued in my head as ran:
Someone please get me out of these awkward situations!
Just slightly seen,
So take a walk, look around. You never know where an idea or some inspiration may be lurking. You may surprise yourself.
It takes a lot of work from the face to let out a smile, but just think what good smiling can bring to the most important muscle of the body… the heart. ~Author Unknown
Pleather Vest- Express Thrifted Savers
Level 8: MP Cost: 23, jumps for a certain distance.
My interest in Egypt is, in fact, nothing new. When I transferred to Eastern Illinois University in 1981, I had plans to go there for a year and transfer to the University of Illinois to study Biology. This changed when I took one of my prereq courses, a Political Science course taught by, believe it or not, a professor named Faust.
176. V. Spenser, Prothalamion.
4. The Warden’s Walk—If you want to know anything about fantasy, sci-fi, movies, poetry, and all other things creative, this is the site for you. Not only that, but he evaluates many works from a Christian standpoint. Go read his work and learn something.
Folks, not all development is bad for Barbados or has negative consequences for ordinary Bajans.
Peel and boil 5 large potatoes until soft. Red potatoes are especially good for this. While the potatoes are boiling, finely chop 1 large onion and saute in butter until soft and translucent. Mash the potatoes with the sauted onions and 4-8oz of grated cheddar cheese (depending on how cheesy you want your pierogies), adding salt and pepper to taste. You can also add some fresh parsley, bacon bits, chives, or other enhancements if you desire. Let the potato mixture cool and then form into 1" balls.
…yeah, I’d describe exactly what it is you’re looking at, but frankly I have no idea myself.
ALL PROCEEDS FROM THE SALE OF THE BOOK WILL BE DONATED TO CANCER RESEARCH UK, AND THE BREAST CANCER CHARITIES OF AMERICA.
All pictures posted with permission of Edith Gybels.
“The situation is incredibly delicate,” said Huerta, the government anthropologist.
Austinites’s love of the outdoors is reflected in all the balconies, outdoor spaces, and plantings found on and around the building. The structure is impressive without being intimidating. The Birkenstock-shod slacker and the buttoned-down businessman will feel equally at ease here.
I'm that dad because they are those kids, bright, eager, interesting, and still fully possessed of their never-lost sense of wonder at this incredible universe.
Original Gravity: 16 degrees Plato
-You laugh and laugh when I call you pumpernickel!
The girl with the snarly lip didn’t reply to her but pointed some more and spoke to her friends. “Look at her a gypsy. My mum said stay away from them they’ll steal the gold from your teeth!”
Approaching Dusk
Between 14 – 16 people were murdered at this scene. The murder of Hermanus Potgieter was particularly savage and also of a ritualistic nature. The thesis by J J De Waal quotes about 20 different sources and witnesses concerning these murders. Scroll down to view a more detailed description of these murders under the heading, “How did Hermanus Potgieter get himself killed?”
With visible tracks I am walking.
Hard as it is for me not to want to get to know them more, just knowing they exist, and that there may be some mutual interest…but I am trying. I am reminded of Cat Stevens’ lyrics in ‘Father and Son’, and hear the concerned father in both him and Steinbeck, whispering to me, “Don’t rush.”, trying to warn me of this electric fence.
At my school, we have HF words that each grade is expected to learn. The first words that go up are always the names of my students, but after that I started reviewing Grade 1 words and then start on Grade 2 words. We play games with the Word Wall to help us learn the words that are on there. I use activities and games from this book the most.
I have a small giveaway for those of you who are interested: I love Sassy by Sandy Gervais for Moda and have more than one charm pack (confession time!) so I'm offering one to you along with a couple of patterns, Quilt Jam by Marcie at Patchalot Patterns (love her stuff!) and Quilted Postcards by Scrap-bags. Oh and a lanyard for your scissors that says "To Quilt is Human, To Finish Divine." Don't you love that! Just leave a comment and I'll draw a name on Monday.
Answer: No, it’s not. It’s Peruvian.
Every time I see an Anthropologie, I always insist on wandering through the store. Because the brand calls Philadelphia it’s hometown, I was especially excited to adventure to the flagship store. The two photos above are from my adventure. There’s stained glass on the ceiling and part of the store has a beautiful view of Rittenhouse Square. I didn’t snap a photo of the chandelier, but I died!
Wow, it feels like I've been gone forever! Sorry to have been so sporadic, but what a week I've had.
I did not have an answer then, but I know now that it lacked my dad’s hovering around the table, watching us eat, ready to heap joy and nourishment on our plates.
PPS-- If you don't get the reference in the title, then it is time to reacquaint yourself with the brilliant mind of Mel Brooks.
My husband does not like mints and wouldn't even try them.
Yet it’s important to balance the recognition of inflexible planetary limits with a clear sense of the way human consciousness responds to such reflections, and to avoid the pitfalls that come from spending too much time contemplating what you don’t want to imitate. There are any number of ways to attain the necessary balance; those of my readers who follow religious, spiritual, or magical traditions have ample resources; those who don’t may find the regular contemplation of nature and natural systems to be an effective response; and of course one of the many reasons why I’ve encouraged readers who are interested in pursuing the "green wizardry" advocated in these posts to collect books and other information sources from the appropriate-tech movement of the 70s is that these tend to be stocked with colorful visions of the future we could have had—and even though that future is water under the micro-hydro turbine at this point, imitating it is by no means a useless strategy even this late in the game.
It was interesting, because I really didn't even notice it until after it happened for about a week.
But at that time what wasn't post or pre or just shock?
-post the rules. check.
You can write anything, he said.
If Islamic anger at the west was the result of allied the attacks on Afghanistan and Iraq, why was it they made their first attempt to blow up the New York world trade centre in 1993 and how come they were out on the streets of Islamabad and Karachi, calling for jihad against America within weeks of their successful second attempt in 2001 and well before any attack on Afghanistan let alone Iraq.
In August, Marin Academy will launch a new website that goes beyond a “new coat of paint” and instead is more akin to a new ecosystem: students will be able to manage all parts of their school life (courses, clubs, sports teams, contact information, etc.) through one password-protected place: My MA. Teachers will be able to utilize the website to post homework and additional learning materials, supplement class time with videos, and engage students in an online message board—another great option for introverts who like to collect their thoughts ahead of time. Our new website is one of several tools that we will use to enhance teaching and learning and to improve families’ experiences at MA. I look forward to writing more about the project this summer.
There is another problem with the Open-Access movement. It isn’t free to run a journal, even an online journal that dispenses with the cost of ink and paper. Editors, copyeditors, programmers, etc., all need to be paid. This raises the question of who is going to pay for open-access journals. Governments have provided a bit of funding for open-access scholarly publishing. For instance, the wonderful new open-access Journal of Historical Biography was funded by the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada (SSHRC). For more details of SSHRC’s grant program for open access journals, see here.
As you constantly provide news for educators, you’ve probably heard of mobile learning before, and maybe even agreed it has potential.
Have you found that deep abiding happiness that only Jesus can give? I encourage you to draw nearer to God. Seek Him and drink from the living waters that restore the soul and bring a joy sufficient for any earthly circumstances we face.
✔ Experiment! WordCam can be really amazing but you HAVE to experiment.
Oddly, as these two retrogrades are wrapping up, Venus is entering the sign where hers will take place in May and June. She rules what we value (money, possessions, our connections to others, traits and talents in ourselves), and she’s about to whip up a lot of talk and activity in that arena. About to, mind you. She moves on Tuesday into the communication and technology-happy sign of Gemini, but since that is ruled by Mercury — who is as good as motionless — her stay there will get off to a leisurely start.
But, as regards the reward and blessing, there is one deed which is very great in comparison to all the acts of worship and all the good deeds-and that is Jihad !
In the end experiment try different focal lengths, window sizes, reflector positions or no reflector at all. Try different poses, shoot head and shoulders and 3/4 or full length poses. Look at the different room in your home and see how the light falls in that room.
It’s this patchwork of state laws concerning documentation that hurts trans people everywhere and limits our opportunities to not only vote but to avoid discrimination when looking for a home or a job. What I find interesting about this type of voter suppression is that it’s obviously against everything we stand for as Americans and a society because it oppresses groups of marginalized Americans, telling us through these added barriers to vote, that our voices do not matter and that we do not have a say. It’s sad that the fundamental democratic right to vote and be heard is something trans people have to add to our laundry list of civic duties taken away from us simply because we choose to live our lives most authentically.
Fell in love with a little redhead
Bobbie Gentry- Seasons Come, Seasons Go
Lots of vegan goodies, tea and lovely ladies all gussied up to talk and have a good time while munching away.
No appetite.
Hello and welcome to the latest installment of Criterion Cuts, the weekly article where I dig into the archives of everyone’s favorite foreign/art house home video distribution company and unearth some obscurity and tell you just why it might be worth your time. As always, most of these come from the generous offerings available to Hulu Plus subscribers unless otherwise noted.
UPDATE 6/8/11: Haven't played the game too seriously lately. However, I decided I'll make it a bit easier to find the map or quest help that you want by adding a table of contents so you can simply ctrl+f search to the thing you want. Also included were the wiki map version links for where either my map doesn't give enough detail for you, or mine is too messy to see. With exception of one, only my maps show secret passages and quest solutions.
“Anything!”
So a week or so ago I received an email from a girl name Christine, clicked on it and started putting two and two together...HOLY SHIT it's Christine from UNIF! She said she loved my blog and would love to send me another pair of Hellbounds! I felt like a 12 yrs old girl who just got an iPad for Christmas from her extremely rich parents. I truly respect what she does with the UNIF brand so I was extremely thankful! I think my every other sentence was thank you so much. So again thank you soooo much Christine for the shoes boo, mwah!
I recommend playing around with this handy web applet that let’s you send waves along a virtual rope. And here’s a picture of some scientists doing the real thing in a classroom:
“We came and we went to war, and out of these three games we never dropped the South African flag.”
FOUR DAYS of projects being knocked off my list!
The FIA’s response was a technical directive, coded TD35. It’s not surprising that it confirmed such an splitter would not be legal. But, crucially the FIA confirmed that they reserve the right to alter the test to ensure the deflection test procedure isn’t being exploited. Therefore future scrutineering checks, may well include an inspection of the splitters mounting and conducting the deflection test with the cars weight bearing down at different points, rather than sat flat on top of its plank.
LOVE hubby but he certainly does need all the help he can get with gift purchasing. I know in years to come it will only get easier as the little boys grow up and remind him it's my birthday soon or Mother's day is on the horizon.
For my misdeed I must pay
Whisper it to me
Her efforts, which have brought her international recognition –and kudos from the U.S. White House to Canada – have uncovered a network of human sex slave traffickers that reached as far away as Spain. A foundation Trimarco created in her daughter’s name has helped to rescue 150 victims of human trafficking around the world.
All in all, I feel loved and happy, despite having almost lost my car, being totally broke, and completely afraid of the future. Not too shabby.
I love visiting beautiful blogs and sharing inspiring photographs of cottage home decor that I find while stumbling across the internet, but when blogging friends ask to see more pics of our tiny house, I panic.
Earlier during the PKR youth congress on Nov 25, the youth wing deputy chief Khairul Anwar Ahmad Zainuddin in his winding up speech said Bersih 3.0 is tentatively scheduled for next February.
My first couple sips left the initial impression that the wine was fruity, good, but not all that remarkable. However, with the third sip, things began to improve dramatically. I had a pretty good sized glass, and I have to report that sips #3 through #10 were downright awesome. Starting with that third sip, this wine got VERY drinkable.
1/4 large cucumber, cut into cubes
So I hope this encourages you, inspires and motivates you for some changes in your own life.
So like a true aussie woman i shall endure and soldier on!!!
Auntie Marlene (aka Yaya): Yaya is so organized and driven which is completely opposite of me. Give her a potential problem and she will research and find the best way to resolve anything. You're not sure about something, she will track down any information available and then map out a plan to make it happen. Yaya wants to know everything about what's going on in my kids lives so that she can make sure they are getting treated correctly and they are getting the best out of every situation. She's a do-er. When the kids ask me for information and I don't know the answer, I tell them to ask Auntie Yaya.
This morning I was really nervous about the ultrasound. You know, I think what I hate the most about RPL (aside from the actual death of ones’ babies) is getting very bad news from strangers and having to react to it right there. I can prepare myself for a bad result – to a degree – but the anticipation of dealing with but the pity and awkwardness from the ultrasound tech and the doctor and the nurses trying to comfort you and ugh. Techs have acted differently for me during Bad News Ultrasounds – from saying “it could still turn around!” to very businesslike and I hate having to deal with raw emotions right there in front of strangers. I wish I could just scan myself and get the news in private. How much do ultrasound machines cost, you think?
“Elbert and Alice Hubbard’s Great Work: The Influence of the Rosicrucians on the Roycrofters and the Modern Arts and Crafts Movement” (Co-Author and Co-Presenter: Hugh McCague, Ph.D.) The presentation will illustrate the influence that the Rosicrucian Tradition and other Esoteric Traditions had on Elbert and Alice Hubbard, progressive philosophers and leaders of the influential Roycroft Arts and Crafts movement of East Aurora, New York. H. Spencer Lewis, chief executive officer and Imperator of the Rosicrucian Order, AMORC indicated that the Hubbards worked with him on the first American Council to reactivate the outer expression of the Order in the Americas in 1915. Notable connections and concurrences of the Roycroft and the Rosicrucians can still be made. The presentation discusses the literary and artistic evidence, the effect that esotericism and Rosicrucianism had on the Hubbards, the expression of this influence through the Roycroft, and its subsequent impact on the wider Arts and Crafts movement and society can be inferred. The literary evidence includes the writings and lectures of Elbert and Alice Hubbard which are replete with profound points of agreement with the Rosicrucian philosophy. The artistic evidence includes the designs, craftwork and iconography of the Roycroft and its campus have many special allusions that closely match Rosicrucian symbolism, laws and principles. Some of these correspondences include the recurrent rose motif in the Roycroft Inn’s windows and Roycroft publications, the aphorisms inscribed on the Roycroft Inn’s portals, and Elbert’s appellation and magazine title The Fra. In addition to the Roycroft movement that was active until 1938, the Roycroft Renaissance movement has been underway since 1960. Since 1976, the Roycroft has been the only Arts and Crafts center to have been regenerated by a new guild and colony of artisans, the Roycrofters-at-Large Association (RALA) Artisans. Part of this renaissance has been the on-going contact with, and influence of, the Rosicrucian Order, AMORC. In this manner, the Rosicrucian philosophy and inspiration has been subtly suggested and effectively expressed as “Hidden in Plain Sight” for over a century in the Roycroft and Roycroft Renaissance.
So, I challenge all young people: Take initiative! Don't worry about any labels. Initiative, coupled with perseverance will take you further than superior intelligence. Intelligence is a bonus.
8:30 am Arrived at work and found my new office (we moved offices when I was out). It felt like the first day of school where you have to find your new home room. I had no idea where I was going or what I was walking into. First on the agenda was finding where the restrooms and coffee were!
Honestly, I am so excited for “Brave.” As you’ve probably heard, the animated film coming out this summer will star Pixar’s first ever (FIRST EVER!!) female protagonist. I also suspect that the movie is based on the book Brave Margaret which I love. But I had to laugh when I saw this by Claire Hummel/ Shoomlah on the blog Animation Anomaly.
MH: What is it about Aikido that has kept you involved for 16 years? Have you been looking to work in your interest into a book for a while?
(It’s a lot easier for me to illustrate an intuitive’s thought process. Honestly I have no idea what sensors are thinking about. If you have a clue, let me know in the comments!)
Churchill, E., Okada, H., Nishino, T., & Atkinson, D. 2010. Symbiotic gesture and the sociocognitive visibility of grammar in second language acquisition. The Modern Language Journal, 94/2.
Dinner and conversation was great because we went to one of my favorites-Stir Crazy! Stir Crazy offers a Market Bar option where you can build your own stir fry. It is AWESOME! I opted for the chicken stir fry with brown rice and loads of veggies. It was super yummy!
A 5-storey Georgian mid-terrace on Gardiner Street with a max reserve of €225,000
Hollies Sorry Suzanne UK
Finally, I'm making my gluten free menu for the week and going to Whole Foods later today (hopefully alone!) so I can shop it up. I swear, I'm still working on my GF post, it's coming. (I know you're all enthralled.) ha!
Whether or not you want to admit it, a crisis of faith is something that many of us go through. Even the most unlikely people.
the wheels and leave my car up on bricks
And I can feel
Now that the kitchen is done with, I am trying to get back into the challenge (which when I think about it seems pointless because of some things that are coming down the line, but I’ll talk about those if/when they happen). So here’s what I’ve missed and my catching up to the current challenge:
So here I am - halfway to Los Angeles for CHA with credit cards in hand ready for some major retail therapy for the store, no piccies today, as I am on the computer in the hotel business centre, it's really not worth paying out for 24hrs internet access when I am off again early in the morning lol.
One of my goals for this blog is not tie myself down to one specific topic, but to gather a smattering (is that a word?) of ideas and thoughts for my posts. In other words, I want to keep it real. My life is not solely about being a wife, or a mommy, or a teacher. It's a smattering of all those titles and jobs.
Cindy Adkins
But, hey, Once Upon A Time was freaking AMAZING!!!!
Earlier claims by the Conservatives that Robocalls had no connection to the party, are shown to have been completely bogus. Their reputation appears to be one of incompetence, or lying, maybe both.
Speaking of cooking, I’m loving the water here. Anyone who lives off rain water tanks will known what I’m talking about. When I cook my rice porridge, it turns out all soft and delicious. When I cook it in the city it is still pretty hard – the texture is all different. Oh, and the showers! I barely have to put any shampoo or conditioner in my hair for it to come good.
A return to the same place we were before we were born, to the great mystery beyond. It is often depicted with grim imagery, and not with the same sentimentality as gestation. Nevertheless, both are unknown states to us (don’t believe those who claim to know. They don’t).
The next 5-6 miles were kind of a blur. I remember stopping at the 16th mile (or maybe the 18th?) to take Advil, which had kind of melted in my pocket by then, but other than that it was a fairly boring part of the course so I focused more on my breathing, my stride, and getting lost in my music.
Monica Hart is a Lifestyle and Design Specialist based in the Pacific Northwest. Inspired by a love of old-world home and garden design, entertaining, and rustic, earthy meals, Monica’s distinct approach led this former television news gal to create La Famiglia Design, a blog showcasing her daily heartfelt reflections on home and lifestyle inspiration tailored for contemporary times.
If your short story is between 3000 and 7500 words and fits into the genre of YA historical romance we want to read it. The story can include steampunk, fantasy, or adventure, as long as it includes some historical elements then we are interested in reading it.
(Note: You need to buy minecraft the link is at the bottom of the page. Minecraft is owned my mojang)
FACT: Geoffrey Beevers is credited as the Melkur to conceal the plot twist of the Master’s return, and the name Tremas is also an anagram of Master.
Ideally the appointed candidate will work full time (37 hours per week), based in our offices in Malvern, Worcestershire. However, for the right candidate we may consider a job-share (18.5 hours) appointment and/or some limited home-working provision.
But conscience must ask the question, “Is it right?”
1 Spurs vs. 8 Jazz, Jazz win series 4-2.
Jack Holloway works alone, for reasons he doesn’t care to talk about. Hundreds of miles from ZaraCorp’s headquarters on planet, 178 light-years from the corporation’s headquarters on Earth, Jack is content as an independent contractor, prospecting and surveying at his own pace. As for his past, that’s not up for discussion.
This evening, I was talking with a girl who is really involved in small groups at church. She also works full time and goes to school. "How do you accomplish all these things and still do life?" I asked her?
These are the examples of interests I've been given:-
So what I actually do, is look towards his two laughing mates, themselves the same sort of age and reasonable build, and quickly close the door. I hold the door shut, pushing myself up against it, trying to remember how to lock it without the key, because all of a sudden, out of nowhere, I felt incredibly vulnerable. There was nobody else outside to help me- none of the usual taxi drivers, who have been so supportive before, no neighbours, no other pub-goers.. and nobody else inside.
I'm trying to remember if I've even been to a big concert since 2005 or 2006. I don't think I have. And I don't miss it. I might make an exception if RUSH comes around again, or I might not.
This tree of life is first mentioned way back in Genesis 2:9″
- In making the crust, Dorie gives an approximate measure of flour, allowing an extra 1/4 cup to be added as needed. I didn't use the extra, as the texture seemed soft but still doughy without it. The dough was very soft, and with so much butter it warmed up quickly
Karl at writing at Hot Air nails it! Thomas E. Mann and Norman J. Ornstein are ignoring the biggest problem of all created by the Democrats –Run Away Spending
Mama in the nest with daddy by her side. What a cute photo!! As you can see, we are still nesting, getting ready for the grand day and the beginning of parenting.
½ cup of almonds and ½ cup of raisins
of rapidity largely occupied
i hope his threes prove to be just as much fun.
The researchers use a machine called an accelerator mass spectrometer to measure the amount of radioactive carbon remaining in a sample. The machine works in a manner analogous to what happens when a beam of white light passes through a prism: White light separates into the colors of the rainbow.
All joking apart, by this point, I was quite seriously exhausted both mentally and physically; the reasons for this were many but essentially fall into 3 categories which apply to all forms of cycling:
We have 24 hours or 1,440 minutes or 86,4000 seconds in a day. When you think in terms of 30 minute blocks of time, it seems like we must waste so much time throughout the day, right? I mean, if you sleep 8 hours a night then that leaves you 32 thirty minute blocks throughout the day. That just blew my mind – 32 thirty minute blocks!?!?!?
-madly in love with ex-fiance, still living with him
But April’s output literary
digi; Bo Bunny papers; Recollections cardstock; Copics (E0000, E000, E00, E29, R20, BG000); Gelly Roll white pen; Studio G sentiment; CraftSmart Teal, Chocolate, and Gold inks; recycled flower; Making Memories brad; Martha Stewart Mica tinsel glitter and Crystal glitter; Recollections pearls. Tools: sewing machine.
Wishing that I might be a space to fill
And as you do the fog lifts.
Published November 8, 1885
Remember what I said about time viewed as merely a concept? I wish I was kidding. It takes a few years to figure it out if you are an American and accustomed to being able to receive three free months if the cable guy is too late. We Americans come from the land of the thirty minute pizza delivery, or it`s free, mentality. The first time I had cable installed on the island I was told he would arrive somewhere around 2 o`clock on a Thursday. I assumed this meant somewhere between one and four, but I was wrong. He got there at precisely 2 o`clock, no problem, but on Saturday. Plumbers show up days after your pipes burst, and, in one apartment I went without a doorknob for three weeks. It just had a rag shoved into the hole where the knob should be and I locked my apartment with the bolt lock only. So, do I expect the movers to be here on time? I will be out getting a cup of coffee and a paper to read. I might even stroll through the park next to me one last time. If I don`t I will simply sit here and fume to the boiling point, and that is in celcius down here. Of course, with my Murphy`s Law stamped life, if I dare leave, they will come. If you do not see any postings for longer than a week, come visit me? I hear the Mexican jails are lovely this time of year. ¡Salud!
But as soon as these people (aka “they” aka these 2 face actors/actresses/producers/directors rolling in that mula power and soooo not in the hood. Who’ll pull out guns everywhere like there’s no such thing as police, it’s bad enough the po po target us and shoot us for using our cell phones. They’ll quickly showcase little tini-bopper girls who’s bussin’ slugs at pretty much everyone in sight (according to this very trailer), and then some, no problem at all? Just a point, hope you got it, so get it. I would have NEVER posted this filth if there was NO REAL message involved on my side of course. You think I’m over reacting? Lemme know!
Here's a gusset. At the point I should have photo-shopped the dot in. It's 1/4" from each side seam, at the point, but here you can't see it.
Gene Simmons
Allegheny has some very interesting alums, including lawyer Clarence Darrow, President William McKinley, and Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails (who dropped out after a year and moved to Cleveland to pursue a musical career).
harassment by the state law enforcement, essentially robbing them of a
AL West:
The final part of this is from the revolutionary side of things and is the axiom of such conflicts and their outcomes:
Who knew that a visit to the gym could be so thought provoking and who knew that time spent in car ride, dripping sweat while we have to roll the windows down to get fresh air could provide some quality mom-son bonding?
Not only did Marie Myriam win and land a huge hit single with her song, she also celebrated her 20th birthday on the very day of the final. A double celebration for her, in other words.
come back tomorrow when i'll share a layout i made using these flowers!
So today I wanted to share with you all one of my favorite breakfast, Oat Flour Blueberry Pancakes! They are oh so yummy. I had never tried them before and the day I did, I loved them. They are so moist and fluffy. You would never think that they aren't made with white flour.
Novalis Books
2 tbsp all natural peanut butter
Government agencies are your only choice in some things and they know it. These agencies do not posses the urge to improve their service because the government knows that the citizens have no other choice, the citizens just have to deal with it. And even if they did have the urge the improve, it’s not that strong compared to private entities because they know that there’s no competition, they have the monopoly, people cannot simply turn to others simply because there is no other option for them. And with accountability, just think of the rampant corruption in the government and ask yourself if the state has any. So how does Anarchy sound?
Not that long ago Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) forced Warren Buffett (NYSE:BRK.A) out of his life saving $5 Billion preferred share convertible deal. Goldman thought it was too expensive and you have to admit the calculations at the time looked a little pricey. Warren Buffett was probably prepared to sit on it and yield some 10% for quite some time. Wondering if Buffett’s will had instructions as to what to do with the position if he passed away.
There’s also sharks. I’m not afraid of sharks, but the list of differences between pools and oceans would be incomplete without them.
* our wonderful group of friends we consider our "Texas family", whom we will be spending this holiday with
Lydia has 2 good friends here at out apartment complex who are a few months older than her, and I'm thankful to have become friends with both moms.
Stay tuned here because I WILL make that ticket reward system for my daughter. She really needs SOME form of motivation. And I'll add it to this post.
This one I had to throw in...it just makes me laugh. Crew had some balloons and came into the office and said he was going to feed Lola, he had got some boobs..
I have to agree with the blog writer’s assessment of this vile powder (sorry foodies – hemp sucks, and not just in the illegal-drug way, but in the superfood-that-tastes-like-butthole way, too):
I have posted before about my oldest son's "issues" with potty training. He suffered from chronic constipation as a baby and even as a toddler, and he's been fully potty trained on numerous occasions. And now, he's coming up on his 5th birthday and he's back in pull ups!
Is the light lonely? It is dispersed, it is present everywhere, but no one notices except the artists, and I guess it’s okay if only artists see you, because they see you clearly, and they pay attention, and that can make up for all the times that the light was ignored and dismissed.
Brenda isn't as crazy-dumb as she looks though. She points the gun at Paul, forces him to stand next to Natalie, then does an eenie-meanie-minie-moe to decide which one will get shot first. Before she can pull the trigger, Reese pops up again and stabs her in the arm. Natalie gets the gun, and Brenda taunts her so she shoots Brenda, who crashes through a window. This movie has a serious window fetish.
Here are a few things you can do to keep yourself busy while the hours pass by slowly, second by second.
But it requires me to warm up in a similar fashion—or else I can't really get in a groove and enjoy the elation of accomplishment when I finish. It's funny because I need about the same amount of time at the keyboard as I do on the sidewalk. Twenty minutes is the magic number.
I made a treasury honoring Juba on Etsy that I think came out pretty cool:
Have a lovely week...
For meal times I have a small notebook with removable pages and 4 markers from IKEA (the have felt tips on one end and stamps on the other) - they keep everyone occupied until the meals arrive.
Well, ikat fabrics are made by dyeing the threads before the fabric is woven. A wax-like substance is applied to bunches of threads in desired patterns, and the threads are dyed. The wax covered parts of the threads resist the dye, resulting in patterned threads which are then used to weave the fabric.
As I mentioned earlier, The Galileo 7 had gone down well on the continent having had a captive (but willing) audience. Does this mean that it's an issue of location? Camden has a plethora of live venues, all of them crying out for peoples' attention every night. Are we too spoilt for choice to the point where we can't be bothered to discover anything new anymore?
GLOSSARY
Contrary to what it says on the cover at top, Hackett actually plays cornet, not trumpet on these sides, although he did switch to trumpet many years later.
Chase: What?
Update: Thanks for the link at NRO where former Assistant United States Attorney in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing conviction has more: Triple Play! Obama Blows Off Congress, Funds Palestinians, Lies About PA Stance on Israel
# Eat an already chewed up and spat Kabab.
I don't want to say that I have bad experience with this project, just I need to play more with my settings to get the small pieces to cut out correctly. That's why there is no bodies to Woody, Buzz or Bulls eye. I guess I will have to try when I am not under so much pressure to get them done while the kids are at school, to hide them so I could surprise everyone.
How can a baby make you so angry and so agressive that you beat the living crap out of it? If it was a child of, let's say, 6 years old, I can somehow understand he made you angry because of something he did. Don't get me wrong, though. I'm against child abuse in any case!
Dry Ingredients for Large Bowl:1) 1 cup cake & pastry flour (don't whine, just buy a bag. You can store it in the freezer)
Everyone thinks their grandpa tells incredible stories. And I think it’s really great that they think so. But my grandfather was a Lieutenant in the San Francisco Police Department during the 50’s, 60’s and 70’s. And he wrote it all down, in letters to my father while he was in the Army. And in letters to me in college.
What if you only had 37 days left to live on this Earth...what would you do...where would you go...who would you see? I first became aware of Patti's work on her blog 37 Days. She urges everyone to fully experience life in the present moment. Rent the RED convertible! Burn those Jeans! Unpack your Boxes! Love unlovable People! Her essays were compiled to become a book which I absolutely adore and use regularly called "Life is a Verb: 37 Days to Wake Up, Be Mindful, and Live Intentionally"
At 8:58 a.m., commencement ceremony was to start 9:00 a.m., a master in computer science student arrived, gown over one arm, hood over the other, and mortarboard in hand. Her major had filed down the staircase several moments earlier, and might even already be on the arena floor. And she still had to don her regalia! The staircase down to the area floor was packed with grads, so I strongly advised her to push her way down past those in formation and find her place among students of her major, and don her regalia before walking on the arena floor.
Coriander Leaves : a handful
In ’92, there was NOTHING cooler than Kevin McCallister and his Talk-Boy! Macaulay acts his ass off in the second part of one of the greatest Christmas stories of all time. When Harry (Joe Pesci) and Marv (Daniel Stern) escape from prison, they make their way to New York City, the same place Kevin accidentally landed after he gets separated from his family during a Christmas trip… imagine that!
And there is always time for change.
Vail sets up a confrontation in court. After Venable questions him harshly, Aaron turns into Roy and charges at her, threatening to snap her neck if anyone comes near him. Aaron is subdued by courthouse marshals and is rushed back to his cell. In light of Aaron's apparent insanity, the judge dismisses the jury in favor of a bench trial and then finds Aaron not guilty by reason of mental insanity, and remands him to a mental hospital
The TDS Austin office is being designed as a studio environment, utilizing open space, meeting and huddle rooms, and lots of natural light. The goal is creativity and collaboration. Dreary cubicle farms need not apply. The Technology Group team will share the office with sales and marketing teams, thus accelerating product strategy and sharing of ideas.
Why do we burden ourselves with the notion that in order to be fit, healthy and happy. We have to give an outward appearance oozing of sweat soaked sexuality?
Hopefully I'll be up and about soon!
Have a great day and I'd love it if you'd share some of your thrifted or upcylced items with me!!
God the Father has always existed as the Father. He had no beginning; He had no father. The term “Father” implies that the Son is subordinate to the Father in func­tion rather than implying that the Father conceived the Son (Isaiah 44:6; Revelation 1:8; 21:6; 22:13).
Generation Y, those babies born in the 80′s and 90′s, have been dubbed the Generation of Entitlement. There is a plethora of articles from business journals to psychology magazines describing the typical attitude of Generation Y-ers. Early in my teaching career, seminars on how to deal with this type of attitude and expectations were common, even at major universities. We were warned that these generation of students were demanding. They wanted exams grades posted within hours of the exam. They wanted credit for effort, regardless of mastery or completion. The phrase “But I tried….” was fairly typical.
a whole new level of vanilla
Unfortunately, they don’t always have what I want (though they do have a pretty good selection). Or, they have the book in the information and research section, which you can’t take home (for instance, the Journal of John Woolman is there). It turns out that my taste in books is so random that I may still have to buy some.
John Ives is hiding something, but it's not the whereabouts of his daughter. It is the government-issue computers in the basement... and his past. Ronald Perkins, a former recruiter for the CIA and now Deputy Secretary for Homeland Security, knows Ives is not who he says he is, but doesn't care. Someone with an IQ of 180 and is not afraid to break the law is a valuable asset. With national security at stake, Perkins mobilizes forces to root out the perpetrators before Ives is exposed.
And that’s just one of the things that is cool about working with God. Sure, I could push people to go it “my way” and do a covenant just like mine. But, it’s not about my way. It’s about His way. He is really the one asking, “Are us gonna go My way?”
Dr. Russell H. Dilday
"Here," he said, "I'll take this," as he took the note from my hand and handed me the carrier bag full of jackets.
So, we have 4 parties who each want something from the area. Now we don’t know if this is possible, but it is a very large area and it seems that with a little bit of vision and boldness there may be a solution; a solution that may not give everybody exactly what they want but at least ensure that ALL interests are taken into FULL consideration.
Me: (swallowing hard and doing tantric breath control) "Well, I can't fix your tooth I can only make it feel better. You are going to have to see a dentist or you may end up with a severe abscess and have to go to the operating room. If you see a dentist they may arrange a payment plan with you and you can get your tooth pulled for a few hundred dollars. If you wait and have to go to the operating room your bill will probably be over ten-thousand dollars and some people die if they let these get away from them."
Its mission will be to develop, catalyze and be a global resource for innovative research, education and leading edge initiatives, drawing upon the under-utilized resources of human imagination..."to explore its sources; to weigh its consequences in human development, including in the advancement of science, literature, and the arts; to examine and predict how creativity intersects with historical moments; and to discover and encourage individuals of all nations and ages, gifted with
And last but not least. Whats-a do in the patio garden these days, as I discovered a little something that should not be around this time of year!
Something extraordinarily vibrant is happening at the V&A right now. The pillars of the main atrium zing out with colour to celebrate: British Design 1948 – 2012. The exhibition traces the 64 years from when London first hosted the Olympic Games after the Second World War, until the present when Britain hosts the games once more – a celebration of design innovation in a modern age.
Each year I look forward to finding out who is in the Super Bowl, though I don't watch any other games, JUST so I can figure out what kind of food I will get to make (as I make my spread match the cities of the playing teams). This year it is pizza dip (as well as a few other New Yorkish Dips from the same site) and Lobster Rolls (made with 2 sad little lobster tails 'cause they were on sale and we needed to budget for the month) and Shrimp Skewers.
To participate in the WEBINAR mode, it is also very IMPORTANT that you run the Wizard
My Score: 8.4
The document suggests a significant inconsistency between market-rate and affordable units. In Tower 2, for example, the market-rate rentals—studios, 1 BR, 2 BR, and 3 BR—all would rent at $51.62/sf. The middle-income affordable rentals would range from $34.93/sf for the 3 BR to $55.83 for the studios.
There were bars on the window. Bethany’s mother said they were to keep the world out. Bethany had no father to refute or repeat this. He was in the world, although Bethany had never spotted him through her telescope.
even when that meant being slandered.
Our car, however, was not fine; I owe my mom another big thanks for loaning us hers. It would be tough, getting Eöl to and from work, mom and dad to their various appointments, as well as anyone else that needed to be anywhere. With many of these appointments within an hour of each other, I was designated to keep the car and chauffeur.
and many Latin American countries said they would refuse to recognize
All I want for Christmas is to be able to have a train of thought other than the above, say, once a day. It's terribly inefficient to have your mind perpetually preoccupied with a complete lack of decisiveness. It's the opposite of efficient, actually. I'm enamored of the idea of living in an actual city, with actual places and things to do, and, I'm nervous mentioning this because I don't want to jinx it, books. The idea of being able to browse a bookstore that stocks something other than James Patterson, Twilight, and Ann Coulter is enough to make me feel guilty for entertaining such indulgent thoughts.
Unequal yellowness and platinum, withal, unpolluted silver is rather inconstant and oxides rather speedily. Thence, greyness jewelry is usually plated with added metal to protect it from tarnishing. There are two kinds of coat for silvery jewelry: metal and metal plating. Nickel coating has a solon whitish examine and metal plating has a darker face. Metal is utilised to shell unintegrated yellow and platinum adornment and is often more dear than nickel, and it ply punter imposition to the decoration underneath. On the opposite labourer, several superior sophisticated superior conductor jewellery does not bed any plating and the appear is refined byanisation to present radiancy. Also, "oxidized silver" jewelry is alter on aim to devote a saturnine unfashionable looking and is not plated with any other metals.
“Jump Around” (House of Pain cover)
Meaning: Black water
Maybe that’s where I went wrong.
In a room where ya do what ya don’t confess
Not cool. You are a wolf in sheeps clothing. You disguised yourself as an adorable flat pair of foot candy and you are actually a torture device. I should have known better. Every time I wear you my feet end up hurting, but it's so hard to choose my black sensible flats when you're sitting next to them screaming, "Pick me! Pick me! I'll elevate your outfit. Everybody will tell you how cute I am." Most days I can resist, but for some reason you had me convinced that today would be different. Well, it wasn't different. It was WORSE. By the time I had my coffee my heels were all red and by lunch time I was limping, LIMPING! So, this is goodbye gorgeous sparkly flats. Until I find a magical cobbler who can make you comfortable, I'm putting you back on the shelf and not your regular shelf. No more of the closet light hitting you just right so your sparkles shine and I'm fooled again, you're going in on the top shelf where you'll be purely for decoration. It's been (painfully) real.
We should never be discouraged; take it to the Lord in prayer.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to not realize that this singularity manifestation of this who I am as ‘me’ has been the direct consequence of an act of judgement in which I made an act of opposition to all and everything as one as negativity, as friction, as energy, as relationship in which I became this singularity manifestation of ‘me’.
I look down at a featherless little bird. Without formed eyes. A swollen bird fetus on our front step.
I've been pretty honest on the topic lately, and even my lack of consistent outfit posting for the past few months may have led you to the conclusion that I just haven't really been feeling super stylish lately. Working from home has gotten me into a serious denim rut. Without having a place to be consistently, getting all dressed up and then taking pictures of what I'm wearing just isn't as inspiring as it was when I was in the classroom.
Grease a 1.5 liter terrine or loaf tin, then line with plastic wrap leaving enough overhanging to cover the ice cream, place in the freezer to chill.
Let’s put this into perspective here:
The native Americanum is now offered for sale at an area nursery; its mottled foliage is interesting, though not as big and glossy as the “Pagoda.” For crazy spring foliage though, you really can’t beat tulipa gregii, which is intertwined with the erythronium here. (I have a carefree attitude about bulb planting; I really don’t pay too much attention to what I had planted in the same spot before.)
Hopefully this has given you something to think about. My goal is to make your life easier and to ensure you are as productive as possible. I hope you enjoyed this and that you will send me your comments, subscribe and link to my blog at http://mpconsulting.worpress.com , and if you need help, or need to ask me a question, go to my blog and address it to Mark Philip.
Prebius: um no
Hope to see a few of you there!!
The colors will go with this table that I am already working on:
dreadful hammer that nails us
Spring has finally arrived and I’m looking forward to some new and exciting things. I am going to be building a shed out of pallets, hopefully a chicken coop, a teepee style vertical garden, as well as many other DIY projects that I have been collecting or creating. All of wish I plan to share along the way. Along with gardening I love to harvest and then preserve and can the bounty, an art I am taking steps to share with others.
Once again, Denmark shows its true colors. And those colors are brilliant.
products…but in that order. Finishing the signs and seeing them up
The photographer is Bailey - in doing a Google search I didn't find much, but did find a couple of other pictures posted by Bailey or Bailey Studios which were obviously by the same person. I tried searching on Ancestry.com and found an Art Bailey in the 1905 Wisconsin State Census age age 30, occupation photographer. He was born in Michigan to parents born in England. He was married to Lilosa age 24 and with son Samuel? age 1. I had no luck finding him in earlier or later censuses. I am guessing this photo to have been taken around 1900 give or take five years either way.
3) Find some ways to hook into the product.
And as for the nauseous feeling? I remembered, vaguely, an excerpt from a C.S. Lewis book about such a thing, and after some digging, I found my sensation explained by an English Naval officer/Parliament member more than 300 years ago: Samual Pepys.
Some of his solutions, though less clearly spelled out, will have resonance too – the importance of local initiative and control, voluntarism and social responsibility, cooperatives, mutuals, social enterprise, and other forms of association and community self-help. All this has enormous appeal as it seems to be putting people and their relationships at the centre of things — where they belong. Blond’s work is brimming with good and important ideas and we ought to be watching with great interest as the U.K. government implements at least some of them. We are already seeing examples of social enterprise that show promise, and thinkers like Davies have set out ways to encourage mutuals and meaningful employee ownership. We are also seeing examples of social entrepreneurship where citizens are taking control over issues that matter to them, not waiting for government. And Blond’s understanding of the need to harness the market and regulate the corporate sector for the common good is a refreshing voice in a neoliberal world.
Consider the Guy Ritchie classic ‘Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels’. Though there is an original score, courtesy of David A Hughes and John Murphy, it is the selection of pre-released material that so potently conveys and reflects the sentiments of the characters involved. Eddie loses his friends’ money in a high stakes poker game. Iggy and the Stooges’ ‘I Wanna Be Your Dog’ plays as he exits the venue. Note the poignant first line “I’m so messed up, I want you here…” The dark riff is arguably as powerful an emotive device as the blurred, rotating, close up camera shots of the plot’s protagonist. When a switch of mood for a celebratory drinking scene is required, EZ Rollers’s ‘Walk This City’ successfully reinforces an atmosphere of levity.
Dwarves:
I have no illusions that everyone will agree with my conclusions. That’s OK. I’m giving voice to my journey because maybe there are others who feel trapped in paid ministry and maybe there are some who are considering paid ministry as a vocation. Todd D Hunter wrote, “We don’t need to add ‘spiritual’ activities to our life as much as we need to make our actual, everyday life spiritual. What we typically think of as ‘spiritual’ often ends up creating a false dualism” (Christianity Beyond Belief, 115).
When Georgia scored a game-winner against Tennessee he said: "We just stepped on their face with a hobnailed boot!"
Length: Full Length (185 pgs)
Next, I’ve twice proven that I’m a Science Fiction geek of the finest kind by twice answering the most questions correctly on the Friday Quiz over at Scifi Media. Test your skills every Friday. It’s super fun and you, too, can win a No Prize Award. :-)
I hope you enjoyed my little golden angel : )…and don’t forget to try on those golds and creams and join us at CMC challenge. We will love to see your project!
HELP A BROTHER OUT!
TY: What has this whole process taught you about yourself? And has it changed how you approach writing?
Thud.
Father: Barack Obama with his wife Michelle and daughters Malia (left) and Sasha (right)
Last night, while watching a late night rerun of True Blood, I heard Veronica calling for me.
Do students still have to choose between support and inclusion?
An Asian bride emphasizes her beauty in a different way than a bride from the west. Softness, whiteness and fragility are the main features of the western bridal makeup as compared to Asian bridal makeup which focuses on the eyes with use of vivid colors and interesting shapes that can make the eyes look much bigger, more beautiful and eager for attention. The Asian bridal hair styling also accompanies that impression with use of various attractive bridal hair accessories and unique hair jewelry.
If you're going to watch any of these stupid videos of mine, watch this one. The South Coast of Iceland is just gorgeous, the little glimpses provided in here don't even give you a taste.
And I decided, yeah, I’m happier writing about shit than the shit that these idoits (yes, misspelling on purpose) do. Though I reserve the right to poke them in print whenever the hell I feel like it.
Configuring a Relay Connector in Exchange 2010
What do you mean Joe? Explain this rollercoaster in reverse. Ok, when you ride a rollercoaster, the Big Hill is first. In life, we like to climb the Little Hills first. At an amusement park; the bigger the first hill on a rollercoaster, the longer the line of people to ride the coaster. In life; the bigger the challenge of the first hill, the shorter the line of people who are will to take it on. Life is like riding a rollercoaster, in reverse. Or maybe it is just the opposite of riding a rollercoaster, but you get my point. Don’t you? You don’t!?! Keep reading.
Actual physical activities have been thrown out the window in this time of technological advancement. Most jobs revolve around computers, as such even play and leisure has been claimed by the world of game consoles and portable devices. But if you want to experience rapid fat loss, you should start getting your bum out of the chair and get moving. You can do some sports that require a total body workout. If you have a sport you have played before, perhaps it is high time to return to the field. Or you can pick up a new sport. There are a lot of sports to choose from: swimming, bicycling, hiking, even badminton. Or you can dance. Dancing is also an effective way to move your body and lose fat while having fun. There are also simpler activities that can help in losing extra weight. Simple everyday things such as taking the stairs, or walking to the corner store (or school or work, if they happen to be just a few blocks away from your home) would certainly help.
We have an internal thermometer that when we go above our level of comfort we can’t take the heat so we find a way back down to our preset comfort level. It works the other way too, if we fall below that comfort level we find a way to get back up to it. When we achieve a greater level of success than we are used to we find it hard to handle, however if we fall below our standard then we find a way to get back to our comfort zone.
Rest in Peace - HBS.
DEAR SAM: It is primarily applicable to boards of directors of corporations as well as community associations. The courts have said: “We will not second guess a director — especially those who volunteer for no pay — even if they make a mistake. However, if the board is doing something nefarious, illegal or fraudulently, then of course we, the courts, will intervene.”
First off, there’s the initial stigma which most main-stream culture has against any kind of ‘religious’ or ‘spiritual’ beliefs. Then there’s the fact that through no fault or intention of your own you are labelled ‘pagan’ or ‘esoteric’ or some other such nonsense. And then there’s the matter of tribe.
Would you like to 'win' when England plays Australia
I am determined that 2012 is going to be the year that we get to the Open Air Cinema in the Botanic Gardens in Sydney. There cannot be a more spectacular backdrop to a film than Sydney Harbour with the bridge and opera house peeping coyly out behind the screen whilst the fruit bats from the Botanics spiral their way into the night sky. The film programme has just come out and I am dithering away red pen in hand. I’m a bit of a sucker for a suave older man so obviously the two George Clooney films, ‘The Ides of March’ and ‘The Descendants’ have some appeal. Alternatively I could go for my culture vulture side and opt for one of the French or Spanish films, and just hope my neighbours on the night don’t me muttering along in time with the subtitles. The French “First Love” sounds a winner, though based on personal experience I have no desire to find my first Glaswegian teenage love, as I am pretty sure we would both recoil in horror at the sight of one another – but foxy French teenagers obviously fall into a different category.
#55 Lea L
I have two children, two children, who are both delayed. Nether of them can form words to communicate at the level of their peers. Both learned to walk later than their peers. There is all kinds of things they can’t do. They are delayed. That does not make them stupid or dumb. They are extremely intelligent. To me intelligence is light. And they both are full of light.
Step 5 is sure to work, but it does have concequences. In fact, he is sure to be upset that you woke him over snoring, because he is 100 percent sure he doesn't snore.
Meh. Not that great. The voice acting is okay. The music is either not too great or non-existent.
This doesn’t necessarily mean shopping at a secondhand store. Londyn told me that she has been finding thrift store prices at the department stores lately (and she haunts Macy’s and Dillard’s – not exactly discount merchandisers). In fact, it doesn’t mean shopping at all. If you can put together an outfit made up of items that you spent no more than $20 on, it counts. And there are always free sources of clothing: your friend's castoffs, swapped items, or even something scrounged from the trash.
We gathered our supplies and began.
(October 20, 2005) “House prices have risen by nearly 25 percent over the past two years. Although speculative activity has increased in some areas, at a national level these price increases largely reflect strong economic fundamentals.”
I could purge it.
Gary Plummer played professionally for 15 seasons, starting with the Oakland Invaders of the USFL from 1983-85. He played with the Chargers from 1986-93 and the 49ers from 1994-97. Plummer estimated he endured 1,000 concussions over his career, which he acknowledges is a startling number.
Further, the gauge of the tracks is completely different. The train of Moses couldn’t run on this track even if it tried! The train of Christ, on the one hand, does bear a similarity to the train of Moses, and it incorporates many of its features.
This is the first year I was able to spend the 4th of July with my brother, Rich, in six years. He served in the Army and completed a tour in Afghanistan and came back last year after four years of service.
This column by one of the drafters of the letter sent to the U.S. Department of Justice requesting an antitrust investigation into college football’s Bowl Championship Series makes worthwhile reading, not because I agree with everything in it, but because it does a very clear job of defining the limits of what an antitrust claim against the BCS can accomplish.
the world, in various ways; the point is to change it.” It’s a 1845 Marx quote used by Occupy groups around the world. Marx had little patience with the well intentioned but doomed naivety of small groups trying to design a perfect society in the seclusion of a wilderness. If you want to improve society you must start by improving political structures. Occupy is unequivocally not seeking to change the political system from the inside out and this makes it, in the Marxian analysis, a utopist movement misunderstanding Marx’s slogan. Still: it is to better to quote Marx wrongly than to quote rightly from that great unwashed Hegelian harlequin: Slavoj Zizek.
Sign the E-Petition & pass it on via email/facebook/twitter to everyone you know. It takes minutes & you really are doing something worthwhile.
A dog is not a piece of property, not a weapon, nor a punching bag. A dog is a living being with feelings, fears and phobias. They do not come preprogrammed to be obedient or to fit, like a puzzle piece, into any dynamic. But they can learn, becoming certified therapy dogs, search dogs, agility dogs. They can heal from traumatic events, becoming exemplary pets.
Atlantic Yards Must Be Scrapped!
And so, the screenwriting books have been returned to the library, and I’m left to reflect on what I’ve learned, as I edge ever closer to my deadlines. Dun-dun-dun!!!
Fajita, found in traditional and Tex-Mex cuisine - served with tortilla, guacamole, pico de gallo and a special chipotle cream sauce. Chicken (RM34), beef tenderloin (RM45) or mixed (RM39).
Inside the theater, a quite elderly couple spied our light-colored beers and asked about them. (The gorgeous, warm day called for pilsners in our view.) We struck up a nice conversation and turned them onto Bayern, which has carved out quite a niche in Portland.
And therein lies the dichotomy. Kosovo had practiced peaceful passive resistance against Serbian tyranny for 10 years, mindful of the bloody wars of neighbouring Croatia and Bosnia. But this strategy failed and seemed to be scornfully overlooked by the international community. It wasn’t until the KLA emerged in 1997 and began committing acts of terrorism against Serbian civilians as well as Serb forces, that anyone really sat up and took notice of the situation. An unfortunate lesson in the efficacy of violence.
We have been using it as a piece of furniture in our bedroom. The couple wasn’t sure if the machine worked, so “searching out the matter” was not high on my to do list. How would I have known what to look for anyway?
April for a special price (2 CDs for the price of one).
3 walks
While I hope you are not going into marriage with the though that divorce is on the horizon – calling off a wedding is a much better idea than going through with it and then calling divorce lawyers a few weeks later - but in the instance that you and your new husband decide you made a mistake, it’s only appropriate to return all of your wedding gifts.
Food in my family has always been an expression of love. I don’t recall hearing the words “I love you” as a child, but I didn’t have to be told as it was obvious with a glance at the dinner table. My mother, convinced that pre-packaged foods were a toehold into deviant behavior that would lead to paper-plate usage and a laissez-faire attitude toward making one’s bed, served full meals every evening.
I'm not a skinny chick. I'm tall so it's hard to tell exactly how overweight I am, but I'm still big enough that you don't dress in baggy, shapeless clothing and then layer it. My mother wouldn't have let me out of the house in that ensemble. And if she did, she wouldn't be hanging out with me in public while I was dressed like that.
Let’s get these reviews more attention, people. Post reviews on your webpages, tell your friends, do some of them crazy Pinterest nonsense. Whatever you can do to help my reviews get more attention would be greatly appreciated. You can also add me on FaceBook (Robert T. Bicket) and Twitter (iSizzle). Don’t forget to leave me some comments. Your opinions and constructive criticisms are always appreciated.
KC from The Sewcratic Method. I suspect we are twins separated at birth. With one exception she knits. Well too. I only knit simple things badly. In her last post everything she sewed, I had sewed or it was on my list. If we are as I suspect, twins, I had to nominate her, we are family after all.
I’m only 120lbs on a good day.
right now there are several options available
from behind
I want the reader to experience, as much as is possible, what it feels like to ‘be’ my character. If I keep jumping out of their point of view and into an authorial voice with loads of objective description, back-story or telling, I not only slow the pace, I yank the reader out of my character’s head.
3:05 – King Edward VII Stakes – Fiorente (12/1) e/w
If your freezer requires manual de-frosting, defrost it regularly. The more ice your freezer has in it, the more energy it is using – if the ice around the inside is more than 1cm thick, it needs de-frosting.
The next question is “do we want or care if different communities look, feel and function differently from each other in the United States”? Historically, the local climate and available materials and/or craftsmen strongly influenced the prominent architectural styles and details. For example, historic buildings in the South incorporated large overhangs to block the hot sun, and high ceilings to allow the heat to passively rise out of reach. But buildings in the North would be more concerned about winter cold and snow, and therefore incorporate increased roof pitch to shed snow or use stone walls and floors to absorb and hold the heat of the winter sun. As an architect, I would argue that those differentiations in local architecture should be respected and maintained…even when modern engineering solutions can usually outweigh the need for those conditions. Just as most humans wish to be recognized from other humans, towns and communities should keep and promote their distinguishing character as well.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Spoon the mixture into an 8 cup soufflé dish or pie pan. Place the dish in a roasting pan and transfer to the middle shelf of the oven. Pull the shelf out halfway and pour enough boiling water into the roasting pan to come halfway up the side of the dish, make sure no water comes over the side into the dish.
he conducted the Berlin Philharmonic from 1945 to 1952. At that
Immersing dresses in water is perhaps a recurring theme on this blog – as a long time ago I featured both a silk river dress, and an Ophelia inspired shoot where I submersed myself completely. I wasn’t willing to be that devoted to the photos this time though, not least because post-surgery I get quite extreme itching radiating out across my back after swimming in very cold river or sea water.
online
Rebecca was young then, but she remembered that evening with precise detail. While her mother was massaging her leg, they approached a four way intersection. She didn’t see the blinking red light in time to stop, and as she slammed on the brakes, a semi-truck was passing through. Its loud horn was drowned by the sound of the rainstorm. The truck slammed into the front of the 1988 Pontiac Grand Am, forcing it to go into circles. The steering wheel pushed into Angela’s chest, killing her instantly. Rebecca was pushed into the front seat on top of Mabel. Both Mabel and Rebecca escaped with minor injuries.
I had planned the shindig for right after school on some random day, like Wednesday. On Tuesday evening, my mom got an angry call from one of the little girl’s moms. She was upset because my mom was throwing a soiree during work hours, and the mom couldn’t get her daughter to the party.
So, does the EF really foster holiness?
I’m back after 3 months of not posting and constantly thinking of wuangochi I’ve decided to make my blog priority in 2012. As I thought about this post and how I would bring up my New Year’s resolution, I thought of summarizing the past. I’ve decided against it, this is my New Beginning, my new take on life. Although the past is the content that has formed the person I am it will make its appearances in my posts but only glimpses of life changing moments will appear.
I think of the territories
ney patle besi nahyo/nai
I ended up moving my baby shower up to 32 weeks, because we just weren't sure how long the pregnancy would be sustainable. Would I make it the full term or not?
"I told the LC that I felt like a human pacifier. She told me never to say that again. She said I am a mother. Mothers are made to comfort their child. For newborns- that includes comforting them at the breast. She told me that pacifiers were made to replace the mother's breast. NOT the other way around."
(Reuters) - Plans for nuclear power investment in the United States will be sidelined but not derailed by the problems Japan is having with the Fukushima nuclear plant, experts said in a panel discussion..
Fourth Stage is a come-down to reality. You begin to be serious about connecting with the community, using your time in important activities. Hubby and I began to volunteer and join different groups. Some things were easy, such as coaching, or running the local food pantry. Some, a bit more complicated, like running for school board, or teaching at the local college. We still travel, but not with the same frequency. We keep active by participating and taking classes, entertaining friends and family. We live as though this is what we will be doing the rest of our lives here.
Grandpa's is long gone -- it was the discount store in Joplin you went to if you couldn't afford to pay Walmart prices. I have a vivid memory of getting three albums for a dollar at Grandpa's -- Mendocino, an album by a British group called Dr. K's Blues Band that I knew nothing about, and a Status Quo album that contained their hit, "Pictures of Matchstick Men."
* A Most Improper Magick is your debut novel. Was it your first attempt at writing a novel or did you have other manuscripts hiding away?
I used to watch Clarence empathizing with Springsteen’s claustrophobic spoken intro to the Animals' It's My Life. It reeked of alienation from his father. Rock & Roll was Bruce’s only escape from their stifling working class home. The Big Man held the door open and helped make the dream possible.
Sometimes I just prefer to see the whole lyrics in front of me, while listening. So one of those lyrics sites I often look into is http://www.songmeanings.net/songs/view/66410/
1/2 - 1/3 of a cup of sugar ( I used brown sugar because it was closest to hand, but you can use castor or white sugar)
“My father is a butcher and he sells meat at the town’s market. My mother helps him. They are also farmers. They usually go to the fields at afternoon when father gets back from the market. But when it is busy time, father puts business aside because farm work waits for no man. During the harvest time, if the crops are still in the fields when the weather goes bad, there will be great loss. ..Last fall I worked as an intern reporter in Global Times. With the coaching of my mentor, I learned to finish a report. It was a hard time and I often stayed late at evening but I felt quite satisfied and encouraged when reading my report with the byline in newspaper the next day.”
No, really I am.
When you live passionately,you feel like you are filled up with love.I now live over a thousand miles from where I started my journey. I want to see you have and do everything that could make you happy,nothing is guarantee or not.I have learnt to live with the past sad experiences.They are the ones that made me a stronger person and I thank God for it.I have reminded myself that life is too short to let negatives hold me back.Even tho, sometimes it gains a tighter grip on me than i want it to.
2. Committed to love. After himself, I am his Number One priority and we plan our committed lives together in our sacred union of love. We give one another time, experiences and adventures to help our love deepen.
I find the whole concept of ‘first world problems’ to be a daily source of amusement. These, for the uninitiated, are the types of issues encountered typically by middle class westerners, and compare hilariously unfavourably to people throughout the world facing actual hardship. Taking things like food, shelter, sanitization and basic human safety for granted, stereotypical first world problems relate to minor inconveniences when skiing, visiting Starbucks or being stuck in slow traffic. And not only do people think these things, they tend to share them unashamedly and without irony via the wonders of social media. Prime examples can be found at brilliant websites such as Whitewhine.com and Failblog.org.
3. Dengue Fever - Cement Slippers
I hear that the Cabinet is going to decide what the new symbol for the Rupee is going to be. Apparently, after a long and arduous contest involving, among other things, SMS voting and reality shows, the final choice is to be made from these 5:
This is one of the best things you will put in your mouth.
To start, the film was the "Brain Child" of director Martin Brest who's highlights of his past work include Beverly Hills Cop and Hot Dogs for Gauguin. I find it funny that he seemly disappeared from Hollywood right after Gigli bombed. However it should be noted that the film was also revised heavily due to complications between the studio and himself. Another key point of the film was its two stars, Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez. At the time the two were dating which I'm guessing producers thought would cause a spark of publicity for the film. Didn't do much for the acting though. One of the major criticisms of the film among critics seemed to be that the two lacked chemistry; something that I have to agree on. Most of the time it just felt awkward to watch the two of them together.
This is partially because, according to Peebles, getting a sense of place for your story by going out and talking with people face to face helps readers connect with your story and presents the possibility of a long-term source-reporter relationship.
Speaking of food choices, I am also going to use miss Vicky's food diary as an example of how I would like my daily food choices and calorie intake to look MORE like....
KING-sized Mars bars make ideal normal-sized Mars bars, for giants. NORMAL-sized Mars bars make ideal king-sized Mars bars for dwarfs, as well as fun-sized ones for giants. FUN-sized Mars Bars make ideal normal sized Mars Bars for midgets.
We had a nice little celebration here at our house for Gabriella's first Halloween. My father in law, Rick and Madeline were able to come out here from Arizona to spend some quality time with her. It was a pretty low-key weekend because I'm still (STILL!) not feeling very well. Slowly getting better, operative word being slowly. We went trick or treating around the neighborhood and Gigi scored us a little candy - we felt so creepy going up to peoples' doors with her because it either looks like a) we're morons who will give a baby candy or b) we're jerks who exploit our baby for candy. But it was social practice for her! She had so much fun in her costume and was so cozy in there. I was worried because she had been pretty fussy during the day, but once the costume came on she was all smiles. Anyway, here are the goods - my little Ducky!
You can decide to give yourself a good day or a bad day, no matter where you are. It is all a matter of perspective. Everyone has a spirit and a soul, the place where your I AM Presence resides within you. If your spirit/soul/Divine connection left you, you would be dead. Physically dead. But you are not. You are reading this.
Part of the difference between then and now is that the 1929 crash came on the heels of a spectacular bubble in Florida real estate, which crashed in 1925, and that followed another nasty little bubble and crash in the stock market in 1921; thus we’re only just now at the point where the idiocy of trying to get rich off bubbles should be sinking in. Another part of the difference is that the financial authorities in 1929 responded to the implosion of the bubble by letting investors crash and burn, where today’s basically wet themselves trying to make sure that investors don’t lose money, even if keeping them solvent means that the economy goes down in flames. Still, I think there’s more to it than that.
by Liz Fulcher
Grandest band in the land
My mom was here helping me babysit, and the conversation veered from this to that, and we were watching the Showcase Showdown on Price is Right, and Julia said she wished we could go on that show, "Mom! You should go!"
Not long ago I was driving my car, thinking back to a funny conversation I’d just had. The thought had me smiling as I drove along. A car came from the opposite direction and the driver smiled on seeing my smile. That made me wonder how many people would respond to a smile with their own. I decided to prolong the smile. The action produced an even bigger smile and pretty soon I was grinning. I didn’t count the amount of smiles that were returned, but there were lots.
Why not go on a cruise?
greenpeace.org
I said this on Twitter: "I find it very flattering & an honor when a man finds a way to worship the female without wanting something from her."
Carrot Cake
I don’t know anything about the other girls in the picture, but I do know that my grandmother played in an all-women football team, possibly with some of her co-workers. My grandfather saw them play and said they were very good (and he was not one to lavish praise where football was concerned). She would still have been living at home with her parents, and by 1916 two of her elder brothers had been killed in the war. This may account for my great-grandfather’s paternal strictness. Having lost two of his sons he was protective towards his future son-in-law, and if my Gran went out with her friends to alleviate some of the tediousness and loneliness, this was frowned upon, whilst “That lad is fighting for King and Country.” She did however, come home with a tattoo at the top of her arm on one occasion, perhaps egged on by the other girls. Nothing changes, and peer pressure was as strong then as it is today. For the rest of her life she was deeply embarrassed by this. My grandfather had no such qualms about his own tattoo, which proudly proclaimed his love for my grandmother; her name surrounded by hearts and flowers if I remember correctly. As a nineteen-year old soldier serving in France it was probably 'de rigueur’.
Sick of this grind and I think that I ought
The “commission” is the spread on the trade. Right now, the spread is $0.51 per ounce. The moment I buy in at $1389.01 I could close it at $1388.50, and that’s the extent of my transaction costs. The broker pockets the $0.51 on that initial transaction, but there aren’t additional costs to close the trade. There are some small rollover/holding charges that come into play if you hold it for a long period of time. That amounts to roughly one penny per ounce per week.
Irgens Å, Krüger K, Skorve AH, Irgens LM. Reproductive outcome in offspring of parents occupationally exposed to lead in Norway. Am J Ind Med 1998; 34: 431-437.
The day came when the beautiful Airavata, walking in his majestic lilting step, arrived at his favourite place by the river to bathe, but he found it dry – dry as dust, dry as bone. Then Airavara raised his huge trunk to the sky and roared, a roar so full of sadness it is said that his master, Indra, the Lord of Heaven himself, was brought to tears. These tears spurred Indra to bring the suffering of his people to an end. So it was that Indra called on Airavata to reach his trunks deep into the bowels of the earth and draw up water from the ancient underground springs. When Airavata’s heads finally re-emerged Indra ordered him to trumpet the water up into the sky to form rain clouds. Thick elephant bellied clouds gathered in the sky as Airavata sent up a deafening triumphant roar that ricoched through the universe. The great elephant reared up on his hind legs and pierced the clouds with his forceful tusks. Celestial rain poured down upon the earth and the rivers filled once more with water.
Labour were still the biggest party with 47.5% of the electorate backing them. This equated to 545 wards. The SNP improved a smidge with 17.5% and 201 wards. The Tories and the Lib Dems improved a bit, but still Labour were huge.
Oh wait, didn't you enthusiastically accept that same exact offer? If memory serves me correctly that offer was accepted when you agreed to "crush those union bastards" for your (fake) buddy David Koch.
And there’s a lightning storm
“There can only ever be a real reaction, a truthful reaction, when people actually have a chance to see a complete narrative on a particular film,” Jackson told EW.
Eva Ibbotson’s second-to-the-last novel is as magnificent as any in her vast repertoire. When three individuals with special abilities (and an ordinary boy who insists on accompanying them) receive the task to rescue a princess from an ogre, they reluctantly set out for the distant castle. Upon their arrival, the group discovers that things are definitely not as they have been led to believe. With characteristic Ibbotson humor and charm, this story is a tribute to a master. Nothing more need be said. Perfect for ages 10-12
Jerome
This book was definitely a girly book. There are parts that I think guys would enjoy, like fighting with trolls and driving like maniacs, but I wouldn’t tell a guy he’d love it based only on that. I thought the book was very entertaining and a great debut story. I can’t wait to read the next one.
My kingdom, safest when with one man mann'd,
Now, upon applying this program, it has occurred to me that gabies (babies made by gays) and drag queens could also benefit from the wisdom of Cesar Milan. Of course you could parent your gayby with any old Dr. Spock-ish book on parenting out there, but why be so boring? Your child was born into an alternative family, so why not try out some alternative parenting methods? As far as drag queens go — there are absolutely no books out there for parenting a drag queen. I should know, for I have spent a good portion either performing or drinking in gay bars and – as a result – I have babysat many a drag queen. I have realized that a drag queen needs exercise, discipline, and affection, as well as boundaries, rules and limitations as much as any puppy or gayby that I know of.
And so you plough through enemy after enemy, for the most part in underground corridors. With the odd walker section thrown in for good measure.
It's that good.
… As the Day She Was Born
Trust God to provide for you as He has promised. By seeking first His kingdom you eliminate the need to worry. The only place you will find security, peace, love and joy in this world is when you are seeking FIRST God’s Kingdom!
I'm not ruling out an epidural, but would want to try without (because
I left her quite happily knowing that these girls will be kind to her. They know how she is feeling about school, herself, and are unhappy for her. Several have suggested that she leave her school and join their’s, that they would love her to be one their classmates. That however will not happen, she only has a few weeks left before she moves on to secondary school. Some of her dancing friends will be going to the same secondary school as her.
but my life is so good.
Instruction
Centre for Medical Humanities Seminar
I honestly get inspiration from anything, be it a Foreign Film that I watching, the interior design of a restaurant or a Stylish person that passes me on the street. I really admire and love Kerry Washington, of course Solange Knowles, Tracy Ellis Ross and I have recently gained a new sense of style admiration for Vh1's Love and Hip Hop Chrissy Lampkin
your best nightmare
Nowadays more than 80 percent of IBM managers agree that productivity increases in a flexible environment.
Create a card using the above sketch as inspiration. You're not required to use TE stamps to play, but there's a bonus prize if you do! To be entered into the prize drawing you must link your card using the In Linkz provided below by Thursday, April 25th. And of course there are prizes that are up for grabs:
So, if any of you fancy a big game weekend he deserves your support, I shall certainly be able to get over there more often in future. I timed the drive, door to door is less than an hour from West London! Big difference to the five hours each way to Scarborough.
UPDATE: The Sheriff's Department indicated that the suspect in custody is identified as Lester Triplett of Louisville. Triplett has provided a statement to investigators.
‘Did you represent him when he was arrested for assault on a police officer in 2005?’
When he mentions important Jewish leftists like Leon Trotsky, Rosa Luxemburg and Herbert Marcuse, MacDonald fails to mention that these are not the heroes of Jews, or even just of Jewish radicals, but of the entire continental European intelligentsia.
Prom face! I later took out my circle lenses because they were irritating my eyes. I really need new ones :x I was pleased with my makeup though :3
Then, in my personal timeline anyway, came Samuel Adams Boston Lager, offering richer flavours: deeper maltiness and an unashamedly bitter finish. Over the years, it has deservedly become a classic of the quality beer scene in the States -- so popular, in fact, and produced in such quantity, that some apparently started to wonder if it could still be called a “craft beer”. In any case, Boston Lager surely deserves the moniker, “gateway craft beer”, because for many people, this is the first step on a life-long love affair with quality brews.
I care when people hurt or abuse others, try to intimidate, rip off, annihilate, destroy… And it seems like over mankind’s history, many people and groups of many religions and beliefs have darkly stained histories that have had individuals that have done exactly those things:The Spanish Inquisition. The Holocaust. The Crusades. The Muslim Conquests. Heck, most of us read the paper or watch the news, and the other day, did you read about an 80 year old nun in Spain who is facing charges of a baby-stealing ring…
Green herbs- (Parsley and Celery) to be dipped in salt water. The salt water represents tears of sorrow during the captivity of the Lord's people.
After solving my technical difficulties (I was able to borrow Camera Equipment from my great photog friend Justin) I can now catch up on the loonie challenges!
Many foreign students believe that it’s hard to blend in to American culture, because there aren’t enough resources for them. Professor Tushar Trivedi is the coordinator for International Students at Saint Peters College and agrees. Mr. Trivedi helps with the immigration process, finding jobs and board, but also tries to give guidance for students at the college. While most students are doing well academically, their social skills are hindered to a certain extent.
Don’t agonize over decisions and trust your instincts. For us, it was about the marriage and not the wedding. We wanted something special, but we wanted to keep it easy and not get lost in the stress of planning a wedding. We planned most of our wedding in an afternoon from the roof of Aaron’s apartment building, with a bottle of champagne in hand. We decided to have a small, relaxed, wine reception later that night at the Nook Café, a favorite lunch spot, so we just went for it and let the staff decide on the final menu and it worked out great. We didn't fuss over the details. And one random logistical tip: We used an on-demand private car from Uber instead of battling the crazy SF taxi scene in our wedding gear or springing for a limo - super easy."
“Do not fear, my child,”
We of course went back in the daytime and behaved much more respectively!
in the cozy hotel room.It was incredible, and we fell asleep with the window open, listening to the crash of the ocean.
So how did a severely vaccine damaged child become part of these appalling statistics?
Sapto Djojokartiko’s dresses featured in Harper’s Bazaar Indonesia Wedding Ideas, below are the compiled images:
Such is war...
Lois Weinberger
My guess is that eating cornflakes, etc is well established amongst a minority of people, but it is a relatively new phenomenon. They will normally be eaten dry as a snack (mainly afternoon or evening), but milk will be added sometimes. The milk will often be warmed up. I am sure that I saw them referred to as 'płatki śniadanowa' somewhere (breakfast cereals), but I suspect this is an imported concept.
The burgers are really juicy without cooking them in oil, because the salt layer helps the juices to congeal and form a 'crust' on the burger. Is this common knowledge? It should be. I am so impressed with these burgers, you don't even know.
You see my tongue had become deaf and dumb
Chaplin's critique of Industrialization
08. My Turn - Skiptooth
Night Train to Munich
ANOTHER UPDATE: Silly me, I forgot about Canvases Be Gone. Use the search box at the upper right to enter "Petei" to see what canvases are available. If you have Peteis available on your website or in your shop, please let me know either by emailing me at chilly hollowat hot maildot com or by adding a comment below. Thanks for the reminder, Dale!
Asahi attempts to connect with music fans though sponsoring concerts. Also sponsors the World Baseball Classic.
Dill Pickles (1 jar, whole pickles)
- 1 cup of grated cheddar cheese
Security protocols do exist that account for such a secrecy. Knowing the presence of so many Dark spies in the EMF who are too eager to extract information from aspirants, Masters have devised ways to ensure that security protocols are met.
‘Betrayal’ by Michele Kallio
3) Loud sounds to distract others from my independent and sassy three-year-old.
Consider what happens if a marriage dissolves in which labor was divided along traditional lines: The man ventured forth into the world and earned money, and his wife tended to the home and children. There are only two real possibilities on dissolution: The man keeps everything (under the theory that he earned it) and the wife is left destitute, or half of everything he earned is turned over to his wife (under the theory of community property).
I hate that I cant remember much.
Claude and his wife Magda work for several renowned Belgian interior design magazines.
Lee Hazlewood & Nancy Sinatra - Fairy Tales & Fantasies: The Best of Lee and Nancy - 1989
Feldman's talk, titled "A Right of Return" will start at 7 p.m. Tickets are $8 and can be purchased here.
With the snotty green samples,
I will be back to update you, I promise.
I have been a member of Goodreads for a couple years now and enjoy reading in the evenings. Goodreads is a site that allows members to sign in and record the books they've read and get ideas for books they might want to read next. I have enjoyed Debbie Macomber's Cedar Cove series lately and I love Janet Evanovich too. So the Novel Challenges site sparked my interest. There are several types of challenges that you can join and even earn prizes. I am going to join the "Finish a Series" challenge, the "European Reading" challenge which is like taking a tour of Europe (I signed up for 2 books) and the "Southern Literature" challenge ( I am going to read 2 books for this challenge). The challenges begin in January 2012 and end in December 2012 so you have a little while to check the sites out and sign up for a challenge or two! Please consider joining me and share your reviews of the books you read. Sounds like fun, don't you think? Of course I will still share my love of cards and scrapbooking if this isn't your cup of tea. (Boy that sounds good while reading in a comfy chair on a rainy day, doesn't it?) Reading is yet another interest of mine that I want to share with you. :-)
The boomer generation, born in the 1950’s to early 1960’s, may have dim memory of an iconic song or two of hers. The majority of the audience seemed to fall in the same age category if one can judge grey hair without hair colouring. I remembered her song, Universal Soldier that was released after Bob Dylan’s Blowin’ in the Wind, another 1960’s anti-war protest song that defined that era.
If anything, this disclosure should make things interesting – the Golden Globe-winning Pitt has proven to be a quality actor in his past works, but how will he do portraying a baseball expert like Beane? Pitt himself went on to tell Mail that “I’m a sucker for the underdog story,” in revealing what drew him to the part initially.
ABV=5.24%
2 regarding
- Put food in the dish and put in the oven following the instructions on the distance by type of food.
In case I don’t make it, now, dear Gene, I ask a favor of you:
Instead I assume the RAF, feeling "well jel" got the rug pulled from under them.
Tallgrass Brewing Company Tallgrass Buffalo Sweat
11.Addicted To Your Love
The PlayStation Vita’s immense power is provided by the 32-bit Quad-core ARM Cortex-A9 MPCore CPU – the same beating heart you’ll find in many other devices including the iPad 2. Graphical grunt is thus supplied by the A9′s defacto GPU of choice, the similarly quad core PowerVR Series5XT SGXMP+ chip.
Finally we meet Dimitri-as-Strigoi – as I’m going to refer to him in this review. When I reviewed Shadow Kiss, someone commented on how they didn’t like Dimitri based on what they see of him in Blood Promise. I still love Dimitri. Why? Because Dimitri-as-Strigoi is not the Dimitri we all love. He’s gone, and as awful as it is, this person left is cold, uncaring and violent, and couldn’t be any further from the Dimitri we know. It’s not him, and so I can’t hate Dimitri. What’s also great about this book is that we get flashbacks of times with Dimitri we haven’t yet seen. That may have taken place in the books with read, conversations that weren’t important at the time, or in between books, and it’s great to see these lovely, swet, soft moments between Rose and Dimitri, and see the love between them. It was beautiful.
Pictures from the previous tenants:
It is hard to fathom how a Norwegian Politician could even think to engage in talks with an organization which deliberately targets Israeli civilians and that doesn’t acknowledge Israel’s right to exist. It’s also incomprehensible that a Norwegian politician could engage in talks with an organization that is actively propagating vile anti-Semitism and brainwashing young Palestinian children to hate Israel and loathe the Jews. In light of the terrorist attacks in Norway it’s also hard to understand how a Norwegian politician would so easily give legitimacy to a terrorist organization such as Hamas by engaging in a dialogue with its leaders.
Video or audio files should be made available online
Many thanks to everyone who took part for making our birthday celebrations such a success, and we hope to see you again each month at Stampalot Challenge.
This week at MDUC we are challenging you to use old treasure and recycle items such as corrugated cardboard, screws or whatever is unusual for your creation. So you`re looking at mine thinking ok what has she used?
In a separate bowl, combine egg, oil, and buttermilk, add to dry ingredients. Stir just enough to moisten.
Rev. Robert Lynch, Bishop of the Diocese of St. Petersburg, Florida, issued a strong letter of rebuke that was shared in diocese churches this past Sunday, asserting that by virtue of the Affordable Care Act, “the president and his secretary for Health and Human Services are willingly and willfully precipitating a constitutional crisis by causing this assault on the freedom of religion at the federal level.” Requiring church insurance policies to cover contraception is “an assault on the sacred”, the Bishop claims, adding, “We just wish to be left alone to follow the dictates of our conscience. This is indeed the worst assault on religious freedom by the federal government in a long time. It cannot be allowed to stand.”
Zack: We actually approached the songwriting as a movie score for this album. I'm glad it translated more or less the way we envisioned it. Morricone was a heavy influence for us in the songwriting process for this album. It is one my personal goals to score a movie someday and I am a huge fan of movies. Music and movies go together like cocaine and waffles!!!
your heart
A lump rose in my throat and I locked the door, ran down the stairs, crossed the dark lane and landed breathlessly at his terrace door. I knew it was going to be lethal if She found out but the communication channels were closed and I was concerned.
One of the advantages of being a Mama to three girls of such varying ages, is that I always have a sounding board when I am trying to create fun and engaging learning activities for teaching.
-David Spade, Just Shoot Me
Maybe it's the holidays. Maybe it's the weather - there is over 2 feet of snow outside. Maybe it's all the diet commercials on TV (I can be oppositional that way). I don't know what it is but lately, I've been HUNGRY and craving foods that are definitely NOT diet-friendly. Now that doesn't mean I've been indulging in them; in fact, I probably burned calories from all the fantasizing and salivating :)
Instead of comparing Dora (a woman who took money for doing something she believed was right, only to later discover that she was wrong and then does her best to fix her mistake) to a family using their ethically earned income to buy themselves luxury items. A better comparison could be made between Dora and the CEO of a major pharmaceutical company.This CEO makes hundreds of thousands of dollars off of a drug that his company been developing for years. This drug is supposed to do great things. Only after it starts to be prescribed, people start getting sick or dying because of an unforeseen side affect or a side affect that one of the scientists covered up in tests. The CEO didn’t know he was doing anything unethical by putting the drug on the market, but when he finds out something is wrong he does a total recall of the drug and begins doing his best to make amends for what he, unwittingly, did.
Palin grabbed at Sowell’s hit piece to jump on the Hitler bandwagon. She didn’t have to explain how or why Obama’s urge of BP to set up the Gulf damage fund was Hitler like. But she didn’t have to explain the absurd. She knows that legions already have mindlessly swallowed the Hitler image of Obama. Expect more Obama as Hitler digs the next time the White House stands poised to score another victory.
I smiled sweetly at the cashier, praying to God that she may not have noticed that my Eldest Daughter had been playing at "Lords and Ladies" when she booked the tickets, and still thinking frantically about how we could sort this all out.
Of the possible sexual concepts, there are some that fit The Joker more than others. But first, it may be necessary to look at if Joker is gay, straight or bisexual.
Right away I’ve forgiven
Note: the close up to the right, I added some stickles and some
“ Well, nevermind. I’m used to that. It was the loveliest night of my life. My husband died not long after that in a car wreck. He was always hurrying everywhere he went. He was such a handsome man.”
coral BG
So here are my examples of story time- they say a lot with a little. (I was going to caption them, but I thought that would take away from the spirit of telling a story with a pic. So look at them, and imagine your own story to go along with them! :))
The goal of RUN@WORK Day, presented by the Road Runners Club of America, is to encourage adults to get 30-minutes of exercise each day, in accordance with the Physical Activity Guidelines for Americans, either before work, during lunch, or immediately following work.
It’s a great organisational tool and safety measure to keep a record of all the cleaners you use. If you ever have an accident with the cleaners, or one of the kids swallows some, you’ll need to tell the doctor what the ingredients are so I recommend you keep these cleaning recipes together in a Homemaker’s Journal. You can also keep food recipes in it as well seed catalogues, garden plans, patterns and other bits and pieces that are helpful in your home. I have made a Homemaker's Journal using an old a three-ringed binder. That way I can add and remove pages when necessary. There is a post here about making a journal.
Omelet du Jour- Cajun Scramble. Straightforward & done well, the roasted breakfast potatoes definitely hit the spot.
He closed his eyes and pictured what it would have been like. Coming from a tiny pimple of a town in the middle of war-ravaged eastern Europe, and next to penniless, they left their entire lives behind. He understood now how America, how Lady Liberty, had rekindled hope in the hearts of the poor and oppressed. They had fought against all odds, laboring day and night to scrape up enough money for the voyage. Doubtless, many of them had still come up short, and had to be left behind. Still, some must have managed, and some out of millions is still many thousands. In time, these would form the amalgam of American culture. And Lady Liberty, chaperon of the great unwashed, guided them all to her shores.
Monday – Chest and Back (60 min), Ab Ripper (15 min)
So he has the harness on minus the bridle. Everything is fastened and buckled up out of the way so he can work and get his own bugs out. I have him on the lunge line in a halter, let him out and KABOOM! He. goes. off. I didn't get any pictures except the ones in my mind.
Ever since, Cassel has carefully built up a facade of normalcy, blending into the crowd. But his facade starts crumbling when he starts sleepwalking, propelled into the night by terrifying dreams about a white cat that wants to tell him something. He's noticing other disturbing things, too, including the strange behavior of his two brothers. They are keeping secrets from him, caught up in a mysterious plot. As Cassel begins to suspect he's part of a huge con game, he also wonders what really happened to Lila. Could she still be alive? To find that out, Cassel will have to out-con the conmen.
How are things going with you guys. Hope everyone has been doing okay since I have been away. Maybe I will get back to a somewhat normal routine now.
Or is she just saying that because she thinks she is supposed to? Well, probably she really wants us to attend. But by second grade she may just be acting polite.
You're right, identity is a recurring theme in my books! I don't know why I'm so often drawn to this issue, but trying to work out who we are and why we're here seem to be big questions that affect us all one way or another! I don't consciously write about children from broken homes but my parents separated when I was ten so, to me, that's a normal background. I think a lot of children fantasise that they belong to a different family - it's part of growing up... part of the gradual process of moving away from your childhood to establish yourself as an adult individual.
But no one was there for me just this man listening to my call for help and ok of course hes a man and he was waiting for something else but he didnt make me feel like this and i am sure he knew that we would never meet up again.
Elle's Studio Blank Pennants
So with this years Bridal Fashion Week now at an end, we thought we’d show you a few designs from of our two favourite shows.
Self: “So presumably if your father was a fellow-traveller, you weren’t an observant family?”
What am I doing on WordPress? Why does an LLC need to blog? As we skip through the Social Age of post-techno-industrialism a new era of accountability has dawned. Companies should no longer be faceless “theys” and “thems” that are clearly out of touch with capitalism or communism or terrorism as they auto-tweet and auto-facebook post pre-generated content from bored interns. Neither do we need an abrupt departure from the status quo that does nothing but transfer from 1% to dichotomous 1%. I just needed to blog.
The dignity of the office of the POTUS has diminished with its loss of credibility. This began many years ago, both Republicans and Democrats are responsible.
answer eleven questions
In this show, The Angelic Realm, Barbara’s guest Betsy Otter Thompson, and Barbara herself will address the impact of parenting yourself with love and respect; of the information provided by the people who are the mirrors in your life; and the impact of the Law of Attraction, the ‘boomerang law’ as Betsy has dubbed it. If you want to make changes in your life and in the lives of those around you…if you desire to create differently and to shift your life experience, tune into this show and consider the possibilities being presented. If you would like to perceive your life from a slightly different perspective, join us today.
160. “Nothing is more damaging to you than to do something that you believe is wrong.” – Abraham
This is unacceptable. Yes, Columbus needs a goalie and a defense, but the lack of scoring talent is painful and brutally obvious. To “learn” to win is difficult if you’re learning only from “tough veterans.” The tough veteran approach concerns me because unless they’re of a type like Vinny Prospal, they don’t have much skill to offer. The young guys in the Blue Jackets organization need time to develop properly and adjust to the professional game. Without any top-tier scoring talent outside of Rick Nash (and even he’s not truly elite), nobody else can shoulder the offensive burden and young players are thrust into roles they’re not prepared to take. That only further exposes the shallow and low-end talent in the Blue Jackets prospect pool.
Hey kids! You wanna make a sequel that people who watched your first film will clamber for? Just use footage from your first film in it! Lots of it! MOST of it! Cram it all into the first half if you can! Yeah, Silent Night Deadly Night Part 2 takes pride in the fact that, during Ricky's analysis segment with Doctor Bloom (James Newman), which consists of, say, 75-80% of the film itself, we get an outright clip show of Silent Night Deadly Night itself, right down to several scenes involving Billy's murder sequences and the murder of his and Ricky's parents (when Ricky was a baby himself, mind you), as well as scenes where there was no possible way Ricky could have even been present! It doesn't make a lick of sense, especially when you consider that it was big brother Billy whom was taking care of business.
16
If you're using the old Blogger interface, Go to your settings tab, click comments, then scroll to the bottom, enter whatever address you want for the Comment Notification Email (this one doesn't have to be the one you sign in with, either.) Then click Save Settings.
The gruesome murders, by a group of eight to 10 terrorists, happened at Emmanuel Mission School - 15 km south-east of Umtali and 8 km from the Mozambique border - once used as the Eagle boarding school.
A recent study found that replacing harmful carbohydrates — found in processed foods like white rice, white bread, and so on — with foods such as nuts and fatty fish, decreases LDL (“bad cholesterol”) levels and increases those of HDL (“good cholesterol”). The researchers also found that eating foods rich in good fat:
As you already know, I try to give our images a name- mainly so that it's easier for me to identify and remember. It also gives me a chance to name them after friends and family or just names that I like. Kenichi is the name of one of our friend's sons who is still a toddler. Kenichi looks like a young boy, so I thought it matched him.
I’ve been wondering still about the transition towards barefoot or minimalist running and am hoping that these Kinvara3s might be able to help me get there. Does anyone out there know if slight over-pronators can go minimalist or barefoot? Anyway, racked up a reasonable 43k this week plus a swim. This coming week, a whack of us at BGU are going with a nationally ranked swimmer who is going to teach us proper technique.
Ever wake up with a desire for fresh cinnamon raisin bread to go with your coffee? I did this morning. Ellen Weber, raved about Wegmans freshly baked cinnamon raisin bread at least twice in the last two days. The thought of it kept playing in my mind. I could almost taste it...
If I am willing to do the work
Use short words, short sentences, and short paragraphs.
I hope you enjoyed my suggestions for a new facelift for your home. All the projects featured above can be done on a dime and with a short time frame!
--Maria Montessori
Please take the time to write letters (or email) on behalf of Leonard, and/or to Leonard himself. Contact details can be found at the LPDOC website.
Famous last words.. I 'dillied' and I 'dallied' like the best of them.. and upon reaching the Salon of Hercules... I lingered in awe of the painted ceilings of Francoise Le Moyne.. I spent so long in this room just taking in all the incredible beauty.. It didn't hurt that the overall room tones were blue and green.. which just added to my delight and feeling of calm.. Actually calm might not be the correct word... as I distinctly remember my poor aching neck from trying to take in every angle of that ceiling... If I could have lain on the floor to take the shots I would have.. but that might have caused some unwanted attention.. so finally, exhausted with beauty, I left the room sure that that was it! .. Nothing was going to match that sight!...
8:00-9:00 PM Nikita (season finale)
Now start on one side of the wall and slowly go down the wall:
(Images: Royal Opera House/Clive Barda)
(Phoenix News Wire) — Local, state, and federal police agencies in Mexico have been briefed to prepare for major civil unrest in border states and cities, and southern Mexico coastal cities; authorities in Central and South America have also received similar warnings.
harsh and direct,
Both of these pictures were taken at their one month checkup. Preston (left) looks like Glen, Porter (right) looks a lot like my brothers baby pictures. I'm just waiting for a girl that looks like me, yes a mini PAIGE! Ha, but not for a VERY, VERY, VERY long time.
The country of 11 million people now has more than 371,000 people working for themselves, according to government figures.
I attended another recital at 4:30, this one for a fellow horn player, and I even stuck around afterwards and practiced on my horn for about an hour! I was proud of myself. From the music building, I contacted my friend Lexi. Recall that I first met Lexi on Twitter back in May or so of last year and officially met her last fall when I visited her church, which I now attend. Through me, Aaron started following Lexi on Twitter, and they got to the point where they tweeted each other quite a bit. So I arranged for the two of them to officially meet. Lexi and I went and ate at Chipotle while Aaron ate dinner with his family, and then Lexi and I picked Aaron up. The three of us went to Bahama Buck’s and talked for a while before driving back to the Tech campus and watching a movie in the room (Rise of the Planet of the Apes, which neither of them had seen before). It was a nice little get-together, and Andrew even got to meet Lexi for the first time; he had been working at Relay for Life with his fraternity, but he made a quick visit to the room when he learned that Aaron was here. Such a good evening!
To peeling benches pretty places
Atomium Grand Cru "From Belgium"
We had our first class yesterday, after two weeks of cancellations caused by strikes. Finally. From what I could see it mostly consists of students from the ME/Islamic program, but we were two from the Comparative Religions program.
Towards the end of the 1860s Bismarck, with a view to cementing in place the Junker regime, toyed with the idea of massive nationalization of industry. This would reinforce the Reich and provide numerous sinecures to employ down-at-heel Junkers. He needed to pave the way for this 'one big trust' solution by re-engineering public opinion. He even offered Karl Marx the editorship of the Staatsanzeiger, the official organ of his regime. Karl Liebnecht's father William was to given the editorship of Germany's main conservative daily. That both self styled revolutionists rebuffed the offers is frankly irrelevant, more important is that the offer was made in the first place
In a report tabled in Federal Parliament yesterday, Catherine Branson, the president of the commission, recommended RailCorp pay Mr CG $7500 in compensation for hurt, humiliation and distress. But RailCorp has refused to pay.
I don't know about you, but I've kind of had enough of winter.
Yes, maybe they are none of my business, but since I’m not in any romantic relationship of my own, I can only observe other people’s and try to learn from them.
The mustachioed CEO welcomes his guests on the deck, where two yellow submersibles sit waiting. Voluminous floats mounted on their sides also function as ballast tanks. Triton’s trademark features, however, are the acrylic spheres jutting from the top and bottom of the submarines, offering a 360-degree panoramic view.
The last time it was torture. They placed several needles up and down my arm and electrified them and measured the time it took the nerves to send messages… in other words – PAIN – to each other. This time? They will do both arms, across the shoulders and back. They want to measure from fingertip to fingertip, I guess looking to see what is Chiari related and what is due to the herniation? It’s all a bit foggy because I am clueless to medical jargon thrown at me a zillion miles an hour, and the meds I take make me forget that jargon nearly as fast as I hear it… so I can look it up easily later. But what I do get is that it is painfully clear that I will NOT like Friday’s appointment. Ah well… after it’s over, I will have info and maybe a better direction to go to have things moving forward and onward. I will be a better person for it later. Right? Just humor me here and nod convincingly.
The best part for me was watching Aislinn grow. Throughout this series, she’s been tough at times, but mostly she’s flopped about trying to figure out her new role while keeping her true love with her. That’s pretty tough to do with the sexy and worldly Keenan tempting you and evil fae trying to kill or unseat you. But when both her love interests seemingly abandon her, she’s had it. And she takes action She’s determined to get her court back in order and to sort out her love life — no matter what. Yes, at times I found both Keenan and Seth exasperating and wished she’d dump both of ‘em (ditto for Donia), but in the end, Ash stays true to herself, as do the other characters.
Who authorised this? Until we uncovered the ‘India by way of Mountain View’ angle, I could have believed that this was a local team that somehow forgot the corporate motto, but not now.
Tonight was a lovely night, a lovely night indeed.
and descending toward a
N.B. The author has defined a disequilibrium model as one that rejects “either or both of”
Nimbash was coming up quickly and there was plenty of work to be done. I quickly became swept up in the flow of work that came with planning an event of this magnitude. I ended up working on a lot of different things, and although it wasn’t necessarily my “job description”, I felt I got more of the valuable experience that I needed in simply working with a business than the kind of stuff I was already learning in college. I picked up lunch for the weekly planning meetings and sat in on them, I fielded phone calls so that the other staff could get some work done, I called businesses to ask them if they would be willing to donate their time or product for the different exhibits we would have at Nimbash, I typed up artist biographies, became the contact on campus for artists to submit to, and answered questions on the Twitter page about the event. Although I had enjoyed the first half of my internship, I enjoyed the second half even more. I felt like I got to know the Nimbus staff well, and each of them were kind, caring, and wonderful people to work with. I felt that I learned a lot and gained valuable experience and contacts that no one can dispute.
Now that I have been put right with God through faith, I have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. He has brought me by faith into this experience of God’s grace, in which I now live. And so I boast of the hope I have of sharing God’s glory! I also boast of my troubles, because I know that troubles produces endurance, endurance brings God’s approval, and His approval creates hope. This hope does not disappoint me, for God has poured out His love into my heart by means of the Holy Spirit, who is God’s gift to me! Amen!
The class will be an introduction to bourbon and other American whiskeys, but we'll get as 'advanced' as the class wants and time permits.
Around the world, America is watched closely and what happens here is news everywhere else. This is particularly true in the Middle East when America, following 9/11, invaded Afghanistan to drive out the Taliban and al Qaeda, and then invaded Iraq to remove a regional destabilizing figure, Saddam Hussein. And, of course, America has long been an ally of Israel through several wars perpetrated against it by Arab nations and, lately, the Iranian proxies, Hezbollah and Hamas.
Product Code / Size / Ship By / Total Price (RM)
I found a lot more action, suspense, romance and even loss in this book. There isn't a page in this book that you don't feel someway connected to the story as if that is what you're going through at a moment in time or perhaps even while your reading.
This LP was a thrift shop find, in excellent condition. The original recording, however, is just okay. "Deal" and "I Like Beer" appear on various Tom T. Hall greatest hits CDs, but the rest of this album is not on CD.
Antwerp, Belgium. Downtown Antwerp hosts Beer Passion Weekend, the distinctively Dutch festival that features over 200 beers, most of which are locally brewed in Flanders. The hand-crafted brews are paired with food from local restaurants, with live music rounding out the festivities. (June 29 – July 1)
I recall on one particular occasion the brief entailed a cover shot of a ‘soon to be launched’ new truck outside a spectacular façade.
Which, let's face it, look ridiculous. For some reason we Australians celebrate those who take the plunge without stopping to consider their bust size and whether their breasts really truly ACTUALLY fit inside that (sequined, eye-catching) excuse for a bra masquerading as evening wear.
No Jules, you’re gonna be like those pieces of shit out there who beg for change. They walk around like a bunch of fuckin’ zombies, they sleep in garbage bins, they eat what I throw away, and dogs piss on ‘em. They got a word for ‘em, they’re called bums. And without a job, residence, or legal tender, that’s what you’re gonna be — a fuckin’ bum!
"A" was easy for me. Gorgeous Authentique papers were begging me to put them to good use. I picked the Blissful collection with beautiful greys and yellows to match Lila's ice skating dress. This picture was taken at ISI Synchronized Championships in Chicago last April. For "H" I picked some Heidi Swapp Ir-ressit-ible chips and misted them with grape Clearsnap Smooch Spritz. That will be "C".
Is there anything else you'd like people to know about you, your shop, or your comics?
My smart phone skills are about on par with my vespa riding skills - a little shaky.
Banquet Chairs
It is such a great way to take in a wide range of experiences. When we paddle, the experience of place moves from the brain to the heart, making it a life-forming experience. – Kevin Redmond
The well worn path that we have followed for years is easy to follow. We know the rules, the processes, the tools, the pitfalls and all other aspects of that path.
on the first sharp north wind.
Behind the gearcase, the rear impact structure is mounted midway between the beam wing and floor, fully exposing both the beam wing and allowing airflow into the central boat tail shape of the diffuser. As the diffuser was covered up, its not clear if there are features to drive airflow into the starter motor hole. A new feature on the beam wing is an upswept centre section, the extra angle of attack in the middle 15cm of the wing having a slot to help keep the airflow attached. The upper rear wing is a new design albeit similar the short chord DRS flap wing, we saw introduced at Suzuka last year. The DRS pod is still mounted atop the rear main plane and its hydraulics fed to it through the rear wing endplates. The flaps junction with the endplates follows recent McLaren practice with a complex set of vents aimed at reducing drag inducing wing tip vortices.
Updates from this past weekend:
-I find that cloth diapers work so much better at containing messes. That is a huge benefit. We used disposable diapers briefly when our son was born, trying to use up some of the diapers that were given to us. They leaked all the time. I do less laundry since switching full time to cloth because I don't have to change my son's clothes every time I change his diaper like I had to when he was wearing
- cut the front in half to make two panels
The images are from a 19th century book of lithographs. The book was too damaged to keep as a whole, and I bought it with wall art in mind – the book may be damaged, but the images were hiding there ready to see the light of day.
So here comes in what we know as “Lawyer speak” and it opens so many loop holes of interpretation that the law looks like a Swiss cheese.
Infamous Scribblers Eric Burns
I Saw Her Standing There
It must be so annoying that people make these comparisons with the original, but it is inevitable when doing a remake and am sure you would have been concious of this more than anyone. This is why I was so disappointed. The original film had a much tighter story, for example, Lisbeth is monitoring Mikael’s computer and spots what he is working on and helps him solve the bible reference numbers problem. Whereas in your version, you felt the need for the daughter to come and visit to solve this which made it all a bit more long-winded and didn’t help the story move as quickly or help establish the relationship between Lisbeth and Mikael.
Time is going by so slowly and I haven't even started the dreadful 2 week wait! I was given great news today at the clinic, that next Friday will be the big Transfer Day!!! Yay! This is not as cool as you'd think. I am glad it's on Friday because then I'll have three days of bed rest, but it's hard to risk the pain we will feel if it doesn't work. My mother is always telling me to think positive and I really try! I am always the one that thinks of the silver lining, but this is hard. I like to think that the 5 embies are all bundled up in the freezer together and they're all safe. What if it's my whom! What if I am uninhabitable! I am determined to prove myself wrong though! The pregnancy test is set for Feb. 12th! It's a Sunday, which is good because last time I was at work and had to try to keep it together.
I have been avoiding the FOTD's recently due to a bad skin flare up which I blame on the darn evil cold weather and silly old me frollicking with new skin care products.
With a little elbow grease and patience from Mei, who by the time we began folding in the flour mixture, had had her fill of being in the kitchen and more than likely ready to relax for a nap, began to whine a bit to let me know just how uninterested she was in making cookies anymore, we got the flour incorporated, plastic wrap laid on the surface and the bowl of light, peanutty dough in the fridge to rest overnight.
Ever been watched?
Personally, the question in my mind was, “How do you forgive someone who can’t seem to stop hurting you.” And the answer I came up with, was: Compassion. It was the only thing that fit. Thanks to the grace of an angel, and in this instance I do believe I am speaking metaphorically about a very beautiful person who has inspired me every time I have tried to look in her direction, lately I’ve been reading a book about the Dhali Lama’s approach to living happily. As a result, thankfully, thoughts of compassion have recently been readily available at the forefront of my brain. And after spending some time flirting with the notion of trying to forgive someone, internally, who seems incapable of not harming others by his actions, myself included, revisiting the notion of forgiveness I was delighted to find that compassion seemed a likely key to unlocking an otherwise impossible problem.
When I got to the hospital, I had never been to a hospital before for myself, I didn't know where to go: they sent me to Labor & Delivery, and I had to tell my husband to meet me there. I thought he would surely have a heart attack, telling him this kind of news over the phone, to meet his, barely six months pregnant wife in Labor & Delivery. Well, right then, they hooked me up to the monitors, and sure enough, I really was having contractions. But they didn't do anything for them this time, but this wouldn't be the first time or the last time this would happen, that I would get admitted to L&D for contractions. I would end up having to go to Labor & Delivery 15 MORE times until I delivered!!
the Revolution.
Right now I think that I'll always remember the moonlit walk along the beach. When we escaped, drove north after she fought with her husband, the editor, said she was leaving him.
Then, this new blog starts to follow me and it has a bunch of other advice on how to lose weight. It’s an interesting coincidence. I will say that the blog says absolutely nothing that I didn’t already know (I am so knowledgable, but perhaps poorly informed, about healthy eating and exercise that I can accurately tell you why any good food is healthy for you and any bad food is unhealthy for you while taking into account any conditions you may have…one of the the reasons why I am a hypochondriac is that I know too much about everything health related from food to exercise to drugs to herbs to…anything).
sorry, you need to use the link to see this..
Something comes over me in the fall, and I morph into a domestic Martha Stewart wannabe. I decorate my house with leaves, pine cones, acorns, chinese lanterns, and strings of crimson berries. I buy gourds, pumpkins, and rich spice candles, to add warmth and character to my rooms. In addition, I bake like there is no tomorrow! (I should probably warn my co-workers about this before the onslaught of goodies overwhelms the office.) Apple Pumpkin Muffins, Cranberry Scones, Pumpkin Pies, Apple Pies… you name it, and I probably bake it in the Fall. Those who know me can attest that none of this is normal, year-round behavior; but when it’s Autumn I just can’t help myself!
Since, therefore, faith must be kept quiet and held secret among this barbarous and wild people and under this severe rule, how can it at last exist or remain, when there is need for so much trouble and labor, in places where it is preached most faithfully and diligently? Therefore, it happens, and must happen, that those Christians who are captured or otherwise get into Turkey fall away and become altogether Turkish, and it is very seldom that one remains true to his faith, for they lack the living bread of souls and see the free and fleshly life of the Turks and are obliged to adapt themselves to it.
the string may hear you
* Researching appropriations prospects and strategizing the agency's approach to government officials;
The way the interview progresses will depend on the situation. A short vox-pop style interview will last long enough to get the information from the guest and then close, often quite abruptly. A more in-depth or personal interview will usually go through a settling-in stage where simple facts are discussed, then move gently towards the more thorny issues.
it's so dark between the lights
him again.
16. Hey baby, how about some kissing lessons? I’m a professional amateur! ^+
six miles away; Vanetta, Gauley Bridge,
Not something I want my little girl to go Trick or Treating in.
He achieves nothing.
The particular words used this time were as follows: “eyes focused on the glass in a glazed blank stare that would burn steel.” Now the whole post is brilliant, and I recommend you click the above link to read it in it’s totality, but these were the exact words that released the locks. These were the words that had my eyes burning with silent tears, mere minutes after reading them. These were the words that ripped me from my desk and plunked me effortlessly back on to the hard, cracked green vinyl of the school bus seat. These were the words that slammed my head once again against that smudged glass window, my eyes peering outwards. Always outwards, and always alone.
the fridge humming
(Nectar of Devotion 14)
Modern day slavery with no room for bravery
4. What does Jesus mean by the statement, “To everyone who has, more
AWP: What is it about France and women?
We’ve got to fix our broken politics and we’ve got to start fixing it now. The question is: who’s going to do it, and how are they going to do it?
Being heavy was like living in Neverland. In it I escaped growing up. Now that I’m playing Wendy I’ve faced a mirror for the first time with the nagging question of every pubescent girl: Am I pretty? This time I have not meant “Am I lovable?” But “Am I beautiful?” “Am I desirable?”
GET INSTANT EVEN AT 2 AM GUARANTEDD
This is hardly the sort of news that young unemployed people will want to hear. If young people looking for work find themselves at the end of the jobs queue, then those in work will also be more vulnerable to the risk of redundancy –being both less established in their workplace and less expensive to get rid of - a survey of young workers by the Institute for Public Policy Research (IPPR) showing that few had the savings they needed to survive a redundancy and 40% of 16-24 year olds had debts of £5000 or more (www.ippr.org/images/media/files/publication/2012/02/young-people-savings_poll_Feb2012_8650.pdf)
There are 26 different tequilas available from the tequila shack, but we've stuck to the Mexican beers so far. Choose from Corona, Pacifico Clara and Dos Equis (each $8) or cans of Tecate for $6. Margaritas (classic and jalapeno) come in plastic cups rimmed with salt ($13.50).
But mostly I watched, I stopped for a minute and watched the Puerto Rican jabbing at the ether. He danced nimbly and feinted the punches of his invisible opponent. When he turned around I noticed he had white block lettering on the back of his faded black t. His shirt read: Anthony "The Nightmare" Castellano.
The title of this is a little deceiving. While the nuts make the top seem crispy, the brownie underneath is all that you'd want a brownie to be. Moist and chocolaty. I'm thinking, what could be better for a chocoholic like me. Can't help it, it's in my DNA.
Ben-Day dots as a definitive style, as opposed to something that simply existed in printing, exploded onto the art scene thanks to 1950s-1960s American comics and American artist Roy Lichtenstein. Using comic strips as his subject, which by this point nearly all used the Ben-Day inking style, he magnified it, drawing attention to each and every dot. If Ben-Day had not been synonymous with American comics prior to Lichtenstein, his paintings cemented the marriage between the two while also allowing Ben-Day dots to be viewed as their own art style. No longer used simply for coloring, they could be used in more stylistic choices and in other mediums.
It looks as if Alan Pardew will be the new Newcastle manager. He must be mad if he takes it; the fans have made it clear that they don't want him and it can only end in tears. Look what happened to Gary Megson at Bolton and Sam Allarydyce and Ruud Gullitt at Newcsatle. Pardew will not be allowed a single error of judgement before the fans turn against him, and then the press will all pile on. I predict that the reign of Pardew will be nasty, brutish and short.
That almost surely was not the sentiment inside the museum. Perhaps not coincidentally, yesterday Crain's New York Business announced a "Business of Arts and Culture" breakfast April 30 on the topic "Dealing with controversy."
This last month included James' baby blessing and visits from both sets of grandparents, plus some cousin/aunt and uncle action, too. Busy, but so much fun to show him off and spend time with family. My other kiddos really needed some attention from doting grandmas and grandpas. Jared's dad spent hours playing legos with Sam and even made him a storm trooper mask. I can't compete with that kind of awesomeness!
Im not really a morning person, but I sort of have to be.
Key Lesson: God uses our questions to teach us
another layer of eggplant
It is bottled.
That puts so much into perspective for me. My own mom's mother died when Mom was only 22 years old. Breast cancer. She raised my brother and I without the chance to lean on her mom's advice and wisdom. I still can't believe how she managed to do such a great job without being able to call her mom and cry/shout/laugh/listen/vent. But she did. And so she and I are BOTH still learning how this new dynamic works, since it's a new experience for both of us. How the "Mother/Daughter who's also a Mother" relationship unfolds and evolves.
One thing that puzzles me is why no one has ever mentioned tubular breasts to me. I had one breast exam done in my teen years, and at least once at the beginning of each pregnancy. Have none of these doctors seen this before? Why hadn't one, just one, person said something? I realize nothing can be done but I spent many nights crying because I couldn't breast feed and felt I had selectively just given up, and that my body was normal. I had to discover this on my own and I just hope other women out there with the same condition are able to find the resources they need.
In Muddle and Win the hero is a little devil called Muddlespot. He gets sent up from Hell by his bosses, like a secret agent into enemy territory. His mission is to get into the mind of a girl called Sally Jones and secure her ‘defection’. This proves a lot harder than he expects. Sally is top of her class, always does her homework, always keeps her room tidy, is liked by everybody and she knows who she is. And when he finally starts to make some headway, Heaven responds by sending an angel called Windleberry in against him. The story is about how the three of them get on together.
They fell with their faces to the foe.
A huge bowl of plantain chips should come with a mandatory order of beer. These deep-fried discs of plantain banana are predictably starchy, with a pleasant hint of sweetness. Their dryness is easily relieved by a dip in the pot of chili sauce, but a swig of beer would probably have been better. Between the three of us, we struggle to get through half the serving.
She has many more but considers these as the best.
Elements of Blue Moon Promise reminded me of the story of Isaac and Rebekah in Genesis (considering that there are multiple references to this story, I think it's fair to say we should make that connection). Lucy's father has died in a tragic accident, and her stepmother opted to leave her two children - Jed and Eileen - with Lucy while she moseyed off with her boyfriend. It's a bleak situation, made worse by the fact that Lucy suddenly finds herself unemployed, evicted, and being followed by a stranger. When one of her father's former friends shows up with a proposition, Lucy decides it's God's answer to her problems, and she agrees to marry his son - Nate - by proxy.
For you have been a stronghold to the poor, a stronghold to the needy in his distress, a shelter from the storm and a shade from the heat; for the breath of the ruthless is like a storm against a wall
I guess in lieu of having someone else pimp out our wedding, D and I will have to pimp our own wedding. Better yet, we’ll let Disney Cruise Lines pimp it out. That’s right, “My Big Fat Cruise Line Wedding” is on!!! I think the package they put together for couples to get married during their cruise is amazing. I’ve even picked out some starfish-shaped bling to add to my bouquet, and there aren’t any gypsies, Snooki look alikes or Bridezillas in sight.
And guess whos roped in into helping and organising - yep me and Soph being a good cook is in charge of making sure Georgette and her guitarists are eating well and healthy ! Turning up with food and health snacks to keep them going ! It also gets Soph out which is good thing.
was blown behind
He kept telling me how special I was and how much he liked to look at me. I kept wondering why he'd like to look at me so much. He put his hand on my knee while he talked and stared right into my eyes.
My problem is that
- Fine Dining - We are lucky girls who get to eat at great restaurants, so we have a few places to recommend if you are looking for a higher-end, fancier experience. First and foremost: Woodberry Kitchen. We think it's the best restaurant in the city - the food is amazing, it's all local and sustainable, and yet the place is anything but pretentious. It's a wonderful establishment and we highly recommend it. You can have a reasonably priced meal there, too - get the burger or a flatbread and a few snacks and you'll be good to go. I also think they have the best dessert in the city, called CMP (chocolate - marshmallow - peanuts). Their other desserts (fruit crumbles, etc.) are excellent too, and change with the season. Their hand-crafted cocktail menu is extensive and delicious, and they serve wonderful coffee in teeny French presses. How could you not love that? Also, Woodberry has a great brunch if you are looking for a fancy-ish brunch experience. Note that they book up early for dinner and brunch, so get crackin' and give them a call! Read about one of our very first visits to WK here.
Starting with my favourite group of birds; the Raptors.
hanging planter. This is something I did about two years ago, but this simple idea seems to be a
I was wary of the black clouds south of us, so I did not want the boys to do their usual walk to the coop. I estimated we had 15 or 20 minutes until the storm arrived. Curtis agreed to drive them and, as we hoped, the hens had roosted early. The door was closed and the boys sprinted back to the pickup in the rain. By the time they drove back to the house, large branches were coming off cottonwood trees and floating through the air. My 15-20 minute estimate was seriously wrong…I later learned the storm front was moving at over 60 miles per hour.
A good polarizer may be the most important filter you buy, and is usually the first. It’s important for two reasons:
I trade off between my "treadmill playlist"
Pigovian taxes - those taxes that adjust the private costs of consuming a good with the true social costs - are popular in the alcoholic beverage market. Brewers often complain of excessive taxation: that the current level of taxation adds up to more than the social cost and is, in fact, punitive.
I have also heard that sometimes dreams are the basis for stories or novels. I know I have had some of those dreams. They are the ones we remember for years. For example, the dream about being at a university on the moon, eating lunch. Seriously, I actually had that dream. Or the one about travelling to the future where we all lived up in the clouds because we trashed the planet in our own time. It appears I am a science fiction nerd even when I sleep. I did try to write a story about the one with the college, but haven’t gotten far on that.
It was just waiting to be turned into napkins.
Sustainability and local sourced produce, provenance and reduced food miles are important influencers for many consumers, none more so than in the pub trade; so tapping into the Lifestyle Of Health And Sustainability (LOHAS) consumer segment might be a great way to enhance your pub's USP and increase footfall.
My thoughts are so fragmented, but I am blogging dang it! ;-)
They became best buddies. They have seen one another every Tuesday night and Sunday afternoon since they were a few months old. Their bond is much like most cousin's. They are fist fighting one minute, and hugging the next. They are the duo we all love to be around, and everything they say and do is funny. Except when they are breaking glass candle holders and trying to chew on the pieces. True story.
Neggers H. Zwanger aan de slag. Regelingen nauwelijks bekend en gebruikt. Arbo Verslag 2004; 1: 46-49.
The apex predator of this isolated world was Haasts Eagle, the "Tiger of the Sky," a massive airborne meat eater at least triple the weight of the Bald eagle. It was not so much a soaring bird as my local eagles are, the Haasts had a stubbier profile on it's ten foot wing span designed for flapping flight, propelling it through the tight forest canopy at speeds in excess of 50 mph. It's striking power was calculated to be roughly that of a cinder block dropped from an eight storey building. The length of it talons and ferocity of grip was on par with the Bengal tiger. While this bird was thought to be an example of aboriginal mythology by the first European explorers, modern DNA science has rendered ancient Maori cave drawings accurate, a man eating eagle did exist on the New Zealand Archipelago.
I have made the sad mistake of calling Quinn Darby, several times. All three of us wince each time Darb’s name comes out. We all keep doing it though. This poor puppy has some big paws to fill. Her big sister was pretty special. It’s funny how we are with dogs. Or even pets in general. This is our family’s 6th. We’ve been pretty lucky with almost all of them. Actually, any time spent with a family dog is pretty lucky.
Think of other “literary boyfriends”—Edward, Mr. Darcy, Gilbert Blythe. All of the traits we’re drawn to in them are just dim reflections of who Jesus is. He’s the Ultimate Protector—He did die for me. For us. He delights in our excitement, He hurts when we’re in pain.
continuing in thanks...
I didn't talk too much about my last company, but most of you know that:
The Cain brouhaha nicely illustrates the definition of sexual harassment: a sexual advance from an unattractive man. Attractive men's sexual overtures we strangely never hear much about, because they're accepted by the object of the overture.
40. Quick Draw McGraw
Trevor (step-son - 12) seems to be a touch ADD also in my opinion but my opinion doesn't matter much with his mom. LOL He's a wonderful kid and fit right in with my kids from the very beginning. I expected him to have a hard time since he was an only child and doted on by both of his parents. He shares his dad very well though with my kids. The biggest issue we tend to have with him is that he has a bad habit of lying. Other than that though, he's a wonderful little boy with more girlfriends that we can keep up with. (He's got his dad's charm and wit.)
Fingers crossed that Day 2 is even better...
Ilkley have set the challenge of brewing a low ABV beer to the following specification:
Later that night when Kuroda gets home he walks into a dark house but doesn’t think anything of it, with his back turned his daughter shows up behind him covered in blood and welcomes him home before walking away. Tragedy has hit close to home for Kuroda when the suicide investigations involve members of his own family, then Kuroda gets a phone call from the same young boy with the cough. The boy asks Kuroda “…if you die, will you lose your connection to yourself?…are you connected with yourself?” Then the voice of a very young girl speaks to Kuroda over the phone and asks him “why couldn’t you feel the pain for others as you would your own?” the child the tells him “you are the real criminal…you could only think of yourself. You are scum” Without saying a word, Kuroda realizes what the children mean. It took a tragedy within Kuroda’s own family to wake him up and realize that the real reason for the mass suicides happening all over Japan is because of people like him who are disconnected from themselves and their families. This is a scene where the movie really starts to come together and make a little more sense, it speaks to the heart of the lack of communication within Japanese society and more specifically to the lack of communication within families. But while all this is happening to Kuroda, the female hacker who calls herself The Bat has been kidnapped along with her sister by a group of young men claiming to be the masterminds behind the mass suicides. The leader of the group calls himself Genesis (Rolly) torments the two girls in his hideout which looks like some kind of abandoned bowling alley with small animals and even people tied up in white cloth sacks all over the floor. Genesis starts smashing the small animals to death with his boot and one of his followers brutally rapes and murders an unknown girl tied up in one of the sacks. But not long after their capture Genesis turns himself in to the police when his delusions of grandeur take over and he wants recognition for the mayhem he caused.
Because we owe OURSELVES... A Little Respect...
The taste follows the nose very closely, but it hides the booze very well. It tastes more of plums than figs and raisins, however they are still there, but the fruit seems far more fresh fruit than wrinkle fruit... Yes i said wrinkle fruit. The flavor profile stays consistant from start to finish, but it does finish cleaner than alot of its counterparts due to the fresher fruitness of the beer.
I had this carrot cake awhile back from Forty Hands. While I appreciated the generous amount of shredded carrot in the cake itself, I didn’t like the frosting at all. It was flavoured with orange juice, overpowering the flavours of the cake itself.
What’s more, children who have had music lessons tend to have a larger vocabulary and better reading ability than youngsters who haven’t had any musical training. And children with learning disabilities, who often have a hard time focusing when there’s a lot of background noise, may be especially helped by music lessons. “Music training seems to strengthen the same neural processes that often are deficient in individuals with developmental dyslexia or who have difficulty hearing speech in noise,” Dr. Kraus stated.
I'm down to needing 7 cards now to finish that set (hence the silver 7 reference). They are #'s 100, 136, 138, 225, 257, 291 & 349.
As all good inspectors do, he sought out his crime maps for the intelligence analyst and looked at his monthly, six-monthly and annual crime, broken down by crime type: robbery, burglary, vehicle crime, violent crime, anti-social behaviour, etc., etc.. Several things stood out but on the matter of violent crime, one thing stood out in particular. A specialist psychiatric facility for women and children. Very, very high levels of reported violent crime.
4. Do you love sparkle and glitz? You will look like Beyonce in this bra and panty set by Kiki Montparnasse, which happens to be the glammiest, funniest girl-sex-shop line ever.
Alas we are broke, without time and too busy fighting amongst each other to band together enough, to really be heard.
in his’DELIGHT’,I want to stay.
The top Chardonnay cuvee from two particular plots, Le Puits and le Cerisier. The first is more elegant and mineral, and the second fruitier. A selection of fruit and a selection of barrels. This in contrast is all oaked, and hand-picked. Quite a deep colour. Ripe fleshy fruit. A certain lactic quality. Ripe and oaky.
So, that was one reason I haven't posted or visited for awhile.
As the financial world hyperventilates and the markets continue towards meltdown I feel the need to breathe and indulge in a little escapism - if only for a quiet moment. My great friend and photographer extraordinaire, Carla Coulson, shot this beautiful image at the Moulin Rouge, in Paris.
This cake is a little bit involved than many of the cakes I made and I realized that the ingredients are not things that you could find in a grocery store or even whole foods, but some substitution can be made. I guess I need to make two versions of this, the complicated one and the simpler one, just like the first ferrero rocher I made before, using rice krispies instead of feuilletine, and nutella instead of gianduja paste. The amount and the recipe is definitely different but you can get the same textural balance and same great taste. I still need to work on the "simpler" recipe as I lost it when I made it last year, but I'll try to post the recipe whenever I make another one (and not losing it) :). The "complicated" version is still on my scratch paper somewhere, with little notes here and there, no direction even. I don't have the picture of the inside and forgot to take a quick snap on my slice, so this is all I got. I realize there's not much variation on the pictures, but I was lucky to at least got a few minutes to take pictures :)
“2.) The Korean Way of Life – which illustrates how Korean life of the Joseon period (1392-1910) revolved around the cycles of nature central to an agricultural society.
There is an increasing body of academic literature on spaces and expressions of piety amongst Muslim communities. The following titles provide an introduction to various perspectives on the history, development and use of spaces by Muslims for worship and piety in both historical and contemporary contexts.
“In a secular and non discriminatory society gay couples should be as free to marry as any other human couple. If people wish to be married within a religious or spiritual institution’s framework then they should accept the rites and rules of that institution. However it is the state that legitimises all marriages.”
I loved my Indian Blanket. Ell Oh Vee Eeed it. It was soft and warm and richly colored, stitched with organically intricate precision. On Saturday afternoons while my mother vacuumed I would create a pallet on the floor in my bedroom and curl up in it with a myriad of stuffed animals to take a nap. Those were the best naps ever as far as childhood memories go.
In most cases, the no-contact provision can only be removed once the person you have been forbidden to contact goes to court and states the reasons why they want the provision lifted.
Juan Torres is the older, attractive friend of Gilberto Padilla. We first meet Juan when the other characters, Gabriella, Molly and Gilberto, travel to Puerto Rico. Juan is fourteen, while the others are just twelve years old. With Gabriella being mature for her age, Juan takes a liking to her right away. This is much to Molly’s dismay, as she developed a crush on Juan immediately. Juan is well-mannered like his friend Gilberto. He lives with his mother, next door to Gilberto’s vacation home in Puerto Rico. He displays confidence, and is pro-active when he wants something, or someone.
The comments that were made were about what the people saying them want for me, not at all about what I want for myself.
In the fascinating TED talk at the bottom of this post, Frans de Waal shares some videos of behavioral tests on primates and other mammals that suggest that morality is not unique to us humans.
He was later awarded the Distinguished Service Medal for bravery but continued to feel pain in his groin.
Use a lightweight, well-draining potting soil for container gardening. Pre-packaged soil can be purchased at a local garden store. Most soil varieties will work for container gardening; however, it is important to stay away from clay soils and soils made of primarily peat. Clay holds too much moisture when watered and can prevent your plants from getting the air they need. Contrastingly, problems can alsoarise if using a peat soil since it is too lightweight and has difficulties retaining moisture.
The weather in London was on the cool side and very windy. On the upside, there was none of the forecasted rain and it was still light outside when I reached my flat and headed out. Spring is here people!
1/2 red onion, chopped
worse, I just think it is healthy if I move on with my life and they
I used to reprimand my sister for wearing too much blush when she was a teenager and I was an all-knowing kid. Now I understand her affinity with rouge and find myself catching my reflection in the mirror and mistaking it for a circus performer. Funny how things change, but I do agree with her now since a good dusting of a blush on the cheeks does wonders on waking up a sleepy face or giving a healthy glow for a night out. Thanks Nina!
647 D-VI/11/1973. “On the Meaning of Freedom of Speech.” The Irregular Seminar in Political Philosophy, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
7. Duplicate a photo, but use different crops of that photo
I. Sin is destructive (2 Samuel 12). It starves the malnourished and leaves the helpless unprotected. Sin is like a whirlpool pulling all those close by under the water. Sin leaves its victims with no where to turn. Sin, like Satan goes about as a roaring lion, seeking who He may devour. Yes, sin is destructive eternally in the lake of fire but it is also destructive physically, mentally, emotionally, and spiritually in this life, right now.
Measuring utensils
12. . . pretend to be a bag lady (it’s not that far out), to see who’d still be nice. Buy a spot on the New York Times Bestseller List but refuse to go on Oprah out of spite. Throw the interview to Maury Povich instead.
De plakparels en het lint en kant komen bij HobbyVision weg. Dames dank weer voor jullie bezoekje en tot de volgende keer! Ik ga lekker in de tuin zitten onder de parasol. Wat een hitte zeg!
The most chilling and well known quote of all from the book?
Thank you Alice, Mom, Mimi for just being you.
Blogger Shoko writes an interesting post about letter writing and wonders if anyone has any letter-writing ideas to share.
You can check out my eBay store for more information and also available in great price.
Mama and Papa Mallard ducks have decided this is where they want to raise their future ducklings. They were a little alarmed when we returned–the garden pond is right next to several windows–but we gave them space and they quickly got used to us. They probably spend about 80% of their time swimming or laying by the pond. Several times a day they stroll back to the bird feeders to clean up any spilled seed. I’m really hoping they nest and we get to see the little hatchlings.
4. SHOP!
5. New Mexico Lobos
When I fed her this morning I noticed she had difficulty walking. She seems to have a problem with her right leg. Nella has been confined to the front garden......for the mallards safety.
“It’s a way of giving back to people,” says Mayor Hutton, “especially people who need critical care at a moment in life. But it’s not just that. It’s a day of caring, to simply help others with an act of kindness, in memory of Tressel, something we sometimes overlook in our lives.”
Doris agreed.
I’ve been neglecting the blog lately and neglecting quite a lot of other things too. I don’t want to blog about sad things all the time, but unfortunately these past few months have been full of a lot of sadness for me.
The whippet bounded towards his master carrying one of his widest smiles ever! There may have been a lot going on in his little head but he was still very happy! Besides, whatever it took, he knew that he would see Stella again.
And exactly the same.
Imagine you’ve been diagnosed with an incurable genetic disease and you are told you will not only lose your ability to walk and move your arms, but you will die between now and the next 18 months. What would you do? My name is Avery Lynn Canahuati, I’m almost 5 months old, and this has become my reality. But before I die, there’s a few things I’d like to accomplish…this is my bucket list and my story. SHARE IT & HELP ME TELL THE WORLD ABOUT SMA!
2010.09.09 Dagestan Derbent 2 0 Two men are gunned down in separate Mujahideen attacks.
Ubisoft is releasing the 25-minute film Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon Alpha on Blu-Ray and DVD on May 22, day and date with Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon: Future Soldier. The entire package (including extras) runs, according to the press release, 50 minutes. At $7.95 for the DVD and $14.95 for the Blu-Ray, that’s an OK price, but still a bit steep for those cheapskates out there who (paradoxically) probably wouldn’t mind paying ten bucks more (which coincidentally, falls in the center of that MSRP) for the game packed together with the movie in a retail package. Then again, given that the film and extras would probably have fit comfortably on a PS3 Blu-Ray (360 owners would have to get a separate DVD inside the case), maybe it should have been part of the game package after all?
Like, pouring rain and sweaters, bona fide fall. Of course, this being October in Los Angeles, it lasted all of two days, and was followed closely by a heat wave (It's gonna be 98 today. wtf, mate?). As much as I obsess over the glory that is summer, and as amazing as this particular summer was, it also involved a lot of constant sweatiness and insect bites, so I was glad to feel some cooler air.
What I’ve done is packed up my sheet music and every night I do mental practice. In my hotel room or when during down time, I open to the songs I’m learning and slowly and methodically mentally work through the music. Imagining my hands touching the appropriate keys at the right time. Spelling out the chord notes to myself. Trying to go through the motions in my mind. Since this is all mental practice, it’s important to work through the music at slower tempo than what the performance speed is. I read through the music about half the speed I would normally play and sometimes slower if its a complete new piece.
I realized, through it all, that…
He is what the media likes to deem a “lifelong bachelor.” He is rich and good-looking, etc., but people ALWAYS assume one of these days he will meet a girl who will knock him off his feet and tie him down. Um, he is dating a WWE girl and she hasn’t done it. I don’t think it will be done. And why is this not ok? Maybe he doesn’t want a fairytale BS path. Maybe he doesn’t want any damn kids. Maybe he just borrows some of Brad and Angie’s when he feels the biological pull….*eyeroll* OR MAYBE THE BIOLOGICAL CLOCK IS A MANMADE (OR AT LEAST PERPETUATED) FEELING CREATED BY PREDETERMINED ROLES!!!!
Here are the lessons learned; I hope you can use them for any location.
p9 “The world that surrounds us, then, the world in which the presence and the work of man are felt – the mountains that he climbs, populated and cultivated regions, navigate rivers, cities, sanctuaries – all these have an extraterrestrial archetype, be it conceived as a plan, as a form, or purely and simply as a ‘double’ existing on a higher cosmic level. But everything in the world that surrounds us does not have a prototype of this kind. For example, desert regions inhabited by monsters, uncultivated lands, unknown seas… They correspond to a mythical model, but of another nature: all these wild, uncultivated regions and the like are assimilated to chaos…”
Sex with a single partner for the entire life is too boring and is responsible for the high divorce rates in Hong Kong, according to the organizers of the Fifth Hong Kong Sex Cultural Festival which advocates “polyamory”, a practice where individuals are consensually open to loving more than one person at a time.
master bath, tub area
“You’re wrong, Briar. It’s who we are, not what we do that makes us who we are.”
BOSTY
I remember a huge debate that rocked our home when my FIL decided to build a temple in his ancestral village and a room at Badri Kedar . The question which we raised was “whose temple is it anyway, yours or God’s”? It was funny to me but to the family it struck like a bolt of thunder. It also sparked another fire when I asked how a family can fast for seven days, chant bhajans in praise of the goddess, light a lamp twice a day and abuse , insult the DIL of the house ? Does the Devi grant permission for that? The question evokes responses which the Goddess herself is still wondering about but her devotees have forgotten conveniently.
Here are my card details:
Funfetti cake from the Spork Fed Cookbook
We could see the hotel where the wedding would be from the ferry. It was a very fancy hotel with a beautiful view of the city from huge wrap-around windows, with flowers everywhere, paper lanterns hanging from the high ceilings . . . That's a big difference with French weddings, they tend to be in small village halls here. Though I suppose in bigger cities ballrooms in hotels might be common. Restaurants are common here too, for smaller groups. Out where I live, it's usually in the multipurpose room across the square from the town hall. I feel like in the states, the venue is extremely important. Tons of flowers in lush interiors, urban lofts with ice sculptures, lights galore in a marquee in the woods. Here, the food seems to take center stage, in functional rooms with tile floors and nice but not overly ambitious decorations. And really, all of this could be regional. I have been to a wedding at a chateau, which was lovely, but there aren't tons of chateaux in the area, so maybe other more chateau-y regions have nicer reception halls. And I'll bet people who live closer to the beach in France use it for weddings. At least, I hope they do!
I’m glad this episode picks up almost immediately where the first one left off. That lends itself to compelling storytelling in my opinion. I hope the trend continues throughout the run of the show, but I’ll have to wait and see since I’m only two episodes in. Oddly enough, there is no actually game footage in this episode which both surprised me and impressed me. I think it would be pretty easy for the writers to make sure that a portion of a football game was present in every episode and I’m glad they didn’t do that. Of course, I expect there will be plenty of football to be seen, but I’m pleased with the tone the writers have set so far.
Find myself thinking of all the people in my life and those that I do not know yet or will never come to know. And truly warmed by the sense of love, anticipation and hopefulness that people throughout the world are putting out today.
That'll keep us busy :D
Apparently, the South African police believe that it’s much more convenient to blame these murder-robberies on a gang of hookers than on regular gangsters (perhaps using fake prostitutes as bait); after all, chasing after real criminals rather than unarmed women could be dangerous.
The new skill system is a bit confusing at first, but it works. The heroes seem evenly balanced and able to handle each other. We no longer have a hero that by default is better than the rest and that will win you the game if you buy him first. Also it is awesome to be allowed to choose your skills yourself. Thank you for that…
Speciality Designer Series Paper Holly Berry Bouquet # 124004 - $12.95
There are so many things to see that it is best to concentrate on a few sections rather than try to see everything at once and just skin over the collections. The V&A website is comprehensive and an excellent resource to make the most of your visit.
Every citizen shall have the right to participate in the political, economic, social and cultural life and the law shall regulate this.
I started tracking the courier, On 6th it said dispatched from ncarry, Gurgaon. On 7th, it has reached Aramex Bangalore warehouse. On Monday 9th, I called Aramex they assured me the delivery will happen in next 24 hours. Nothing happened.
Ideas and suggestions are welcome! :)
Branches
EG and Tony: don’t tell Mrs. Guapo
1 medium Raw Mango, peeled and grated (Approx. 1 packed cup)
2 sons
J.
With Song critique session first half, followed by Guest Speaker: Songsalive! holds workshops where songwriters gather to share their songs, gain feedback and develop relationships within the songwriting communities we have created around the world. The first half is solely dedicated to an in-the-round workshop where writers present one song each - either on tape, CD or live followed by a guest speaker/industry discussion in the second half and plenty of time to talk and network. Moderated by Paul Lawrence Moyer.
I'd give anything for you to just take me.
That experience was one of the most important and formative of my teenage years. It really set me up for returning to the UK and almost straight away moving to St Andrews to begin my first year at university. It gave me such person confidence, and let me see the world in a new way. It let me dream dreams larger than my world view as a quiet Scottish lad growing up in Selkirk in the Scottish Borders.
i am amazed by all the great finds miss mustard seed scores and all of her furniture restorations.
beyond and involved, evolved with the foxgloves,
The sculptures are the creations of Giovanni Calabrese at Themedous. Each time Android launches a new OS you can be sure a new sculpture will be moving in to hang out with its foodie buddies.
4 stars out of 4. Immortal film.
Monday morning came, daddy left and when Luke woke up, it was gramma who went up to get him. He took one look at me and backed into a corner of his crib. Oh, man... I thought this is going to be a looooong week!
And find myself sinking a pint
Actually writing out my schedule yesterday made me recognize something. I think that a big part of this growing up process involves being real about your situation. I'm of the belief that we only get one life, but even if that's not the case, right now is happening, so why live it the way that you want? It's difficult though, sometimes, to answer the questions that lead to what you want: What physical things do I want? What mental things do I want? What emotional things do I want? What about abilities? How do I want to show up?
In contrast, drinks prices in the off-trade have probably risen roughly in line with price inflation. But it’s not that alcohol is underpriced in the off-trade, but overpriced in the on-trade.
My husband through all of this was incredible. By now I was unbearably hot so I had him drenching a washcloth in ice water, and then laying it with some ice chips on my head and neck. But his favorite part that he insisted I put in this story was when he started counting out loud. I had warned him I didn’t want that, so as I pushed (with my eyes closed) I started frantically waving for him to stop. According to him, I whacked him pretty hard!! Still, having him there, knowing
15 Never Stop
The facts of Church history are also examined in depth, with much corroboration from Protestant scholarly sources.
And a few other personal friends are also getting invisalign there! :D
1 pkg. (16.6 oz.) OREO Cookies, divided
Alas, if tonight was a glamorous night on the town with the love of my life, this is the outfit I'd be wearing. That beautiful bling would be a bonus outcome if it were to arrive on my left hand at the end of the night...
Take care, hope to hear from you soon.
The story is fairly simple if you take it at face value. Three boys mysteriously get special powers and start to control and grow them. The fun ends when one of the boys starts to go rogue, which leads to a climax that pits the friends against each other. It’s only when the movie begins that you forget about what you know about the movie from the previews and become immersed in a sad tale of a boy trapped in a desolate and hopeless world. The movie revolves around Andrew (brilliantly played by Dane DeHaan) who has the camera in which most of the film is filmed with. Andrew is a likable guy with some major family problems but he doesn’t let that hurt his disposition as he buys a camera and decides to “chronicle” his life. He doesn’t have many friends and is sort of a loner. It isn’t until him and two others (Matt and Steve) stumble upon a mysterious hole and are given powers that he starts to enjoy the life he films. The first 45 minutes or so are sort of a whimsical experience as the boys challenge their limits and become acquainted with their new powers. The first half of the movie is fun not because of the powers on display but because of the people who display them. Dane DeHaan, Alex Russell, and Michael B. Jordan are excellent young talents and with lesser actors, Chronicle would have probably been a one trick pony.
After my slip that morning, I spent the next hour or so making a point of talking to Dr. Pip and Dr. Polly as I brought each of the dolls out for their turn in the examining room. Much to my relief, Pip eventually began parroting this manner of address as well. In some respects it seems like such a little thing, but at the moment these little things are what we can do. One day Ava and I will be able to have those conversations with Polly and Pip where we will talk about history and statistics and the reproduction of inequalities. For now, though, we have to try and show them what could be possible and hope that through this showing they learn to imagine and work for what the world should be instead of accepting as good enough what the world has already been.
Cut into manageable pieces to fit into pasta machine. Flour pieces as needed; if dough is too sticky it will not go through the pasta machine smoothly.
I am notoriously bad at asking for help when I need it, particularly in the face of the mental torture of Bipolar. I guess even after all these years with it I still feel ashamed, as if it’s all my fault. So asking for help comes with swallowing my pride and risking feeling vulnerable and exposed
Eating out in Burlington spoiled me. I could sit back and let someone else serve me my food. On Friday night we ate at a place called Sky Burger and I ate a quinoa, sundried tomato, and roasted artichoke burger. Mmmm. Saturday night we ate Korean Dancing Noodles at Duino Duende. The dish was a combo of spicy, tangy, crunchy, chewy, and sweet. I love when flavors and textures meld together, like opposites attracting. The beauty of ordering food at a restaurant is that I didn’t have to strain my brain to come up with the combinations. All I had to do was pick it off of a menu.
Synaesthesia, in short, is when two or more of the senses are “crossed over”, so that the person experiences colours when hearing sounds, or tastes when feeling shapes, or coloured shapes when smelling something. Days of the week, letters and numbers can have colours, and the sensations are always automatic, not deliberate, and remain identical over time. (More factual stuff on Lucy’s blog.)
To the first 400 fans that purchase a ticket and enter the doors that night will receive a FREE MWR/3XW Mark Sterling vs. Jeremy Wyatt IRON MAN 2 match card. This card will be the first ever match card in the set and will be number 72.
unfed…with a special gift waiting in their shorts for YOU to clean up. As you stare in amazement, the smiling sitter skips past your stunned and stiff body in the doorjamb on their way to their next sitting job. Something tells me you wouldn’t invite them back. That would politely describe my PublishAmeric experience.
1 1/2 cups white flour
Asked if she regretted what happened last Friday, Davao City Mayor Sara Duterte explained she got incensed when violence erupted at the demolition. Ohhh, so she hated violence. What do you call then those three solid punches? Diplomacy?
2 energies
Ellie Nash
Warmer and deeper than the Orient sand
When we met creators Zach Horvath and Travis Huse and learned about the idea they were putting together, it seemed like the perfect opportunity to encourage collaboration within the Austin community. The concept is centered around showing people what they can produce together through collaboration, and the execution worked perfectly in that regard. Zach and Travis put the Big Ass Mission best: “Big Ass Canvas is a cooperative art experiment that wants to bring in all the people of Austin…When great people come together with a common goal and a common focus…forget about it. It’s game over.”
I have heard of many people getting seriously injured when using a chain saw. This is most unfortunate. However, it is also easily avoided in most cases.
The noble thief who lives in Sherwood forest stealing from the rich and giving to the poor. My very favorite version of Robin Hood is actually the 1980s TV-show Robin of Sherwood.
Alright, here's my review of the recipe: SO DELISH! The crumb was perfect- just like velvet in your mouth, as promised! The flavors came together really well and complimented each other. As it turned out, it was actually a blessing that I ran out of buttercream, because the white chocolate ended up being a great addition to the cake!
Given by Papa God, March 5, 2012
sadly I always went back and just kept breaking off.
2. I’ve been on a diet for two weeks and all I’ve lost is two weeks.
Startups are hard. When you read the press you only read the glamorous bits. You read about Mark Zuckerberg or the guys at FourSquare, Twitter or Zynga. But that’s a bit like reading about your state lottery winner and feeling bummed out because you haven’t won despite years of trying. The reality is that most of you will never hit it BIG yet you’ll lead fulfilled and productive lives. Whether you choose to be happy or not is up to you. Will you choose the dopeness or the wackness? (if you don’t have the reference and want it you can click the image above)
However, they’re INCREDIBLE.
I actually had to think about whether to send this or not.....it's pretty
Despite cattle, lots of mud and a little rain, I had a great time and can’t wait for the next walk! There wasn’t much to see (as I said, it was mostly just fields) but here are a few pictures!
I know most people would not agree with this one, but I’m really hoping that Donaire and Arum would consider Darchinyan as his next opponent. The loud-mouthed yet powerful southpaw brawler was actually the stepping stone of Donaire into superstardom. Nonito was able to knock Darchinyan out last 2007, and with the win Nonito became the world flyweight champion, ushering Nonito into popularity. In an instant, Nonito’s talent was noticed and he was able to collect more wins since then. Rafael Concepcion, Vladimir Sidorenko and Fernando Montiel are just some of the notable boxers that the Flash defeated. Darchinyan on the other hand bounced back from the loss and established himself as one of the stars of the lower weight classes, making a name for himself and grabbing wins from boxers such as Cristian Miajres and Jorge Arce. The two boxers showed that they are ready to face one another, especially Vic who is very eager to avenge his KO loss to the Flash, however I think that the promotional companies of the two boxers cannot agree on the terms of the fight. So I guess, we just have to wait.
Disclosure: I received 3 pairs of underwear for review purposes and a gift card. No other compensation was received. The opinions expressed are my own.
Texture in Hair - I am so happy that hair is more than just pin straight. I feel so glad to wake up every morning and not feel like I am fighting with my hair.
*Local times for CIDER sessions are provided on our website:
–Wired Science
Its resolution could send a signal that owners of some 1 million hectares of the nation’s prime agricultural land who have evaded coverage would also be subjected to agrarian reform with three years left before the program’s mandated completion under a 2009 law.
despite the fact that it was december,
“And?” I asked. “What’s that got to do with me?”
He asked where was the wine. I poured with shaking hand,
Do funny. Okay, so a lot of us don’t have great comedic timing or fantastic impersonations or anything like that. But you don’t have to. Scalzi read the first few sentences from a prologue he spoofed on April Fool’s Day; the writing was hysterically awful and over the top.
In the package it was a pair of soft frisbees and a note from Dixie and her owner, Chere. Dixie's knees are poor and she can't run and fetch frisbees like she used to, so she gallantly gave up her favorite toy to a friend in need.
The shop is owned by the widow of my junior high school English teacher and is located in a former playhouse. There is even a resident cat, a Maine Coon beauty that reminds my cat, Caesar, who passed away several years ago.
I grew up in the 90s on the east coast of America. Specifically, I spent most of my first 18 years in rural piedmont Virginia. For a little more context the demographics of my town are as follows: “In 2000 … The racial makeup of the city was 75.33% White, 22.38% Black or African American, 0.24% Native American, 0.57% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 0.24% from other races, and 1.16% from two or more races. 0.89% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.” – From Wikipedia.
However, if we consider this verse in light of ancient Jewish culture and in the wider context of the story of the wedding feast at Cana, it becomes abundantly clear that these words reflect no opposition between Jesus and Mary, but rather something positive, indeed something beautiful, about their relationship.
But still my life cries: 'Work and save.
Have a good Sunday.
Ebooks took off. To make matters even worse you could use a cellphone to read a book. Imagine that! And of course tablets. And of course your computer screen. And someone out there realized that all those people who were paying to be "self-published" would love to put their books in Ebook format. And to sell them or give them to the public. But during this time the "real" publishers and agents were still just sitting and talking and eating their soup as the second course. "Nothing to worry," about they said. "Just a handful of frustrated wannabes are going to try and do it. And besides, who is going to sell their stuff?"
What kind of Neurowear would you like to see next?
If they are distorted, if they are subject to cynical manipulation, then they are exercises in “mis-representation”.
A law of the universe seems to be that if you set a goal, the storms of life will immediately beset you. Plan for this in advance. Write down what you're going to do when you're sick and need to write, when you're depressed, when you get rejected, when your sales plummet, when you're overworked, when your kids are sick, etc. Know how you will handle those situations and get work accomplished anyway.
Let me tell you about Rose, so you will understand...
Obama’s obvious exaggerated African “mannish” cultural swagger is a Cyborg programmed illusion and hoax to make him appear as a real “brother.” At 28 years old, it appears that BHO’s only real relationship with a woman was Michelle LaVaughn Robinson.
My mum is down south at the moment, but will be back tomorrow to spend some more quality time with her Henry.
So let’s try something new to “clear the cache” of beer reviews tapped into my phone. I’ve never written haiku before, I don’t think, but seeing as I just had sushi the last two nights, I’m in a Japanese frame of mind. I really think so. Here are a few beers I’ve tried over the past month that we just haven’t gotten to reviewing here on the HBJ:
Includes 2 CR2032 batteries installed (plus an extra set of batteries) and protective pouch.
In furniture, mirrored surfaces, inlaid woods, and exotic material such as shagreen (sharkskin) and zebra, along with exotic woods such as rosewood and ebony were favorites of Art Deco designers.”
Once upon a time I put up a few posts called "A Day in the Life," which consisted of pictures I took on a regular normal day. I guess I was trying to be artsy or something. On Wednesday I decided to do it again. I took a camera with me to work and got myself psyched up to take some pictures.
What should we call G+casting in the stream? Comment below or chew the news fat with me in one of U_News’ regular on-air Hangouts at 11:00 am CST or 3:30 pm CST M-F. Or, chime in on one of our impromptu recorded discussions about the day’s news.www.gplus.to/komusarah . You can watch U_News live here. www.komu.com/streaming-newscast
That night, telegraph communications around the world began to fail; there were reports of sparks showering from telegraph machines, shocking operators and setting papers ablaze. All over the planet, colorful auroras illuminated the nighttime skies, glowing so brightly that birds began to chirp and laborers started their daily chores, believing the sun had begun rising.
Saturday & Sunday.
What you will win:
3. Histoire, 2003
Celephais: Another dull experiment in fantasy from Lovecraft, but at least this one is written in language that is easier to read. A man named Kuranes (well, that's not his real name, it's his dream name, don't you know?) once dreamed of the magical city of Celephais, and now he spends his nights trying to find his way back. Is it ironic that these dream stories tend to put me sleep? Published in the May 1922 issue of The Rainbow, after "The Tomb" but before "The Lurking Fear".
Jason is a calm and easy going little guy. He's somewhat delayed in his development but that is easily explained by the severity of his medical problems. He loves to rock in his seat, and has figured out how to do it by himself without any help - he's a smart one! He loves to blow raspberries and amuses his nannies with his intensity and concentration when doing so. He is able to sit up on his own and is learning to eat solid foods. Aside from his heart defect he is otherwise healthy.
The named artist, Ai Weiwei, has confessed that he made “perhaps three or four” of the sunflower seeds and, in fact, he had the seeds made in the Chinese city of Jingdezhen, also known as the “porcelain city” of China. Is it really enough to have merely had the idea to be considered as the creator or author of a work? Or perhaps Ai Weiwei commissioned the work and had the rights assigned to him.
The one flaw in my Grand Scheme was that I had no real skills in the this arena. I can cook, but not well. I can clean, but not well. Once that domestic delusion of mine was discarded and disposed, we set about to find a maid.
So a few days ago, I said that I would talk about a couple of stores that my cousin and I went to while we were on our mini Claremont adventure.
GM: We should have proper segregated cycleways. Not cheap, but neither were the trams. You can’t just paint in a little white line and call it a cycleway. You see a cycleway running along the side of the road and then you see a parked car.
I vividly remember the first time I really, truly understood that my choices and actions had consequences. I had gotten a (very) small part in a (very) small play in high school. Rehearsal was after school and I left campus to go get an after school snack or smoke a cigarette or do whatever else I was inclined to do in those days. I went back to school for rehearsal and moseyed in about 5 minutes late. The director promptly fired me and gave my part to someone else. I remember thinking that it seemed so unfair. I wasn't very late - certainly not any later than I often showed up to his class. I really wanted the part. I would never be late to a rehearsal again. I would never be late anywhere again. I couldn't lose the part because I was 5 minutes late! At that very moment, I knew that none of those arguments and no amount of pleading could change one simple fact - I knew the rules and I chose not to follow them. So I kept my mouth shut, walked out and learned a very valuable lesson.
I stamped all the images on a white cardstock, and coloured them with these Copic Markers - Elephant (C1, C3, C5, E01), Girls' faces (E000, E01, E11, R21), Hair (Y11, Y26 and E07, E99, E11), Rug and carriage (Y26, Y11, R30, R32, R35, BG53, BG70), Birds (B00 & G00), Outline (BG11). The sentiment was stamped using Memento Danube Blue. The patterned papers are from Studio Calico Abroad 6x6.
How do you co-parent separately with someone you couldn't co-parent together with? Good question, right? We could do what we each please, fight like cats and dogs and blame each other when something goes wrong, or we could learn to communicate with each other, collaborate on details and work together. I don't think either of those will work for us. There has to be some middle ground somewhere that we can reach. There are going to be fights, there are going to be misunderstandings; that happens in the best of relationships and yes, this is still a relationship. It is just an evolving relationship. We are no longer best friends, in fact I don't think either of us would call the other friend at this moment in time. The fact remains, though, that we need to find a way to work together. We each need to learn to give to the other and think of the kids first.
Much later, as we snuggled together in post-coital bliss, you said you had something to show me. You got out your new camera, and said you wanted to take pictures of me. I must have looked skeptical, because you gave me that pouting smile I can't resist.
Did you buying something from Gap recently? I want to know all about it!
Hugs to all!!
TANDEM JUMPS OR COUPLED
So there was the rub. Amazon turned from plain distributor to book publisher as well, and said to its public "You choose". Barnes and Noble developed with less vision and scared for whatever reasons of loosing the "backbone" of the traditional publishing houses, did not cater to the newly formed market of Indie. They made it somewhat difficult to publish, and they also applied some incredibly arcane structures to their rules. True, if you go through Smashwords, you beat those rules both for B&N and for Ipad. Indeed Apple, on its page, almost asks you to go to one of its official partners and do them a favor by not going through their specific process.
I then poured a glass of white wine for a customer which was filled little chunks of cork floating around in her drink.
But then something clicked. And she knew she had to change before something terrible happened. And the toilet seat breaking was a symbol of other things that could have broken — a sign that it was time to pull it together. So she took those initial steps to get her life back. It was hard.
by Andrew David Pucker
Michelle Yeoh is no stranger to many Ipohans. Since young, I have considered her as my role model because she is from Ballet background. From a small-town girl who aspired to be a Ballerina, then turned beauty queen and mega-super star on the screen. She is somebody I look up to and hope to be like her in future. It was from her, my idol, I started to dream to be a beauty queen one day.
---Becky and Ashley---
She started an email list of news items dealing with trans "stuff", and sent it regularly. At first it was a fairly sort list, sent every few weeks. But the list got longer, and came more frequently. Eventually she had to break it into multiple emails. And not long after that, she had to stop altogether because she just couldn't keep up with it all.
After about fifteen minutes Shawn decided to come down, scaling the side of the chimney in the same manor that he scaled it up in. One skate after the other with both arms wrapped around the bricks until he got to the ground.
I fasten it with a silver clip.
MORE GOOD NEWS
What are your goals? And what will they evolve into once you meet them? How do you feel as you progress toward your goals?
Would you like to own a bottle of either of these two? Then please continue reading.
A statement issued Wednesday by Canton, Mass.-based Dunkin' Brands Inc., however, said the scarf had a paisley design, and was selected by a stylist for the advertising shoot.
Bake for 30 to 35 minutes until a skewer comes out clean. Allow to cool and decorate as you wish.
Initially cynical of the extreme good looks (and tales of very small swimming trunks....) I came to realise that behind the general gorgeousness was actually a total lack of pretention, a ready smile and a warm wit. He was friendly and helpful to everyone from the professional expats in the bar to the kid selling phonecards in the dusty street. While many of his compatriots were dismissed by the internationals as vain or boorish (usually by those weaker or less pretty!) he commanded universal respect and affection. And a fair bit of drooling.
People kept trying to prepare me for how soft and mushy my stomach would be after I gave birth, but I secretly thought, Not this old buckerina. I think most people undergoing chemo secretly believe they won't lose their hair. Oh, but my stomach, she is like a waterbed covered with flannel now. When I lie on my side in bed, my stomach lies politely beside me, like a puppy.
Me: (now bricking it. I mean, I'm blonde, in a highlighted kind of a way, and I really don't know if either "yes" or "no" is going to be acceptable. Seriously, are the doors unlocked?) Er, no. (Is this the right answer?)
Our Secret Wish For Life
If you would like to see what others around the globe are shooting of their towns, I encourage you to go HERE.
4. We're having carrots for dinner...would you prefer yours raw or cooked?
Yes, Christmas is when we celebrate the birth of Jesus. But when I focus on what that birth means to me even now, today, and for all my days ahead-It sends shivers down my spine to remember that that is my family heritage! Holy cow. I am a descendent of Abraham! And these are MY promises, too! I have been justified not by works (thank goodness, because I could never uphold the law and be without sin!) but because I am a descendent who follows Abraham’s faith. I read many of these passages over and over again and just pondered them in my heart.
Hope that helps to make select elements in HTML forms a little easier.
We ask that you have 3 images you are ready to apply with. Each must be no wider than 1000 pixels or no more than 700 pixels in height. Resolution must be 72 dpi. Our only suggestion is to choose three images that show some consistency while staying true to the type of work you are most interested in. At this point, the work will not be chosen based on theme or style. Whether you consider yourself a journalist, a collage artist or whatever, it just doesn’t matter.
The Moderns (Alan Rudolph and John Bradshaw)
This book is not about Bamako, my current home, although some of the field research for it was conducted here. Nor is it a book about Brazzaville, Congo, although most of the field research for it was conducted there. In fact it’s not really about anyplace, strictly speaking, and that’s just the point. As an anthropologist, I study people, and there’s only so much you can learn about people by studying places.
What's made me, ME........
Leonard
My voting card for the referendum has arrived, and with less than 4 weeks to go I thought I'd better blog about it.
“Cardigan heads east through the night-bleak cities of America. His destination? Zimms County Home for Orphaned Children, the palace of dementia where Dr. Archer, ‘Lord of Chaos’, evilly presides – a trap baited with memories. Fires blaze in the rear-view mirror. On the roadside, ghosts, bounty hunters, mermen, Ghoul Hotels. Will D’if, the talking rat, help Cardigan escape this maze, or do all roads lead to madness?”
A few weeks ago I applied for a scholarship and place at a university in Sweden for my PhD on Plastic Pollution in the ocean. They really pulled out all the stops for me and helped me a lot with my questions and thoughts for a thesis and with OPG and the ocean row, and I’d love to do the MSc and PhD with them. It would also mean that everything fell into place with everything else, and if I get it then I will begin in August, which will mean travelling to Sweden from Georgia. Now on tenterhooks waiting to hear the outcome, and trying not to think about it. I’m never good at being patient!!!
Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until cake has risen to top and is puffed and golden.
So he is in Poland drinking cheap beer, on the strict promise he bring me back my yummy Cherry Vodka, (and it's a helluva lot cheaper in Poland than on that website, let me tell you!) and I am staying home, reading, snoozing, possibly doing some reorganizing and cleaning out, and we both get what we want without having to piss off the other.
FB has eaten the left side of my brain.... not to make lite of all the great prostitute contacts I get in my e-mail everyday from some sort of bug I picked up from my very first FB contact (remember? I wrote about the old flame I found...). The upside being that he gave me a computer bug in my old age and not a vaggie bug in my youth. Life always has it's silver linings.
Alas, my story has run away from me once more, or is at best barely on the leash. My feet are frozen with the change of weather, and it seems an excellent time for me to sleep for a while. Next time, I swear, I will come to the particular point I started with, but I've no regrets leading you down this path. Some people deserve more public recognition than is often given to a man with a crazy job like a comparative philologist and war hero, and no-one can stop me!
‘Labourian Line’!
What was I thinking? you say?
The world is finally coming to its senses and going back 'round the other way, to sunlight, then warmth, and eventually leaves on the trees.
Valid XHTML
Folding Stool
With so very much love, Saul.
Use the Hidden Valley Ranch Dressing Mix in your flour mixture (this will make your fried chicken taste pretty close to that national brand).
In truth, the blood intoxicates psyches -
I do have a new page to share today. It is up over on the Pink Paislee blog, but I am going to share it here. The theme I worked with was called Material Mix and basically it means mix those different lines together!
In the Man-Made Global Warming scare, it is alleged that man-made industrial emissions of carbon dioxide are increasingly trapping heat, which would otherwise escape from our atmosphere, thus causing global warming. It is further believed that this increasing carbon dioxide level will reach a tipping point where the world will heat up to the point that life will no longer be sustainable on the planet.
To make your own puree, slice 1 mango into cubes. The flesh from the seed can be used too. However it has loads of fibre, therefore, try not to slice onto the seed. With a food processor or blender, puree the mango. Sieve it through a sieve and follow further instructions below to make your mango mousse.
It was interesting, and actually quite good! I will say, I am LOVING the Chocolate PB2 and can’t wait to formulate some recipes with it!
One thing is the reactions against his poem. That is fine and well, I sincerely do believe that his poem and thoughts should be reacted to. Another thing is the demand to censure him or – as is the case now here in Israel, after Eli Yishai’s rather childish reaction – to prohibit him to enter.
Hello! My name is Lula and I would like to welcome you to my blog! This is actually my third blog that I’ve written. I began my first blog livinglula last July as I was preparing myself to turn 40. Soon after my birthday I began to receive scriptures every evening that would just come to my heart. I began to explore them in my second blog Recovered Heart. My second blog was a devotional that I wrote almost every day as a way to communicate with Jesus. I wasn’t really sure how to pray but I found I could express myself freely to Jesus through writing.
"If a serving senior Federal Court judge who presided in Teoh's RCI can be ignored by the AG, then what is the weight of the recommendations by Hanif (left) or Shim to him?"
Removes the intellectual causes of preoccupation blockage
Fishing is hard work for the bears. The water in Brooks River is ice cold and the current is strong. So every now and then, the bears take a break. And a favorite place to park a furry rump is on one of the many giant boulders in the middle of a stream bed.
The sixth chakra, our “third eye”, situated between the eyebrows, helps us to see accurately in life. It helps us to hear and understand what is really being said, hearing the meaning behind the words. The center also helps us to analyze, perceive and visualize what is going on in the world. “In conjunction with the pituitary gland this center enhances our memory, our dream state, and our ability to learn intellectually.” Pg 175
Hubby is here for most of two weeks, to help little B and I settle into the new place and establish a routine. After he leaves, it’ll be just the two of us for the rest of the summer (with the exception of one or two more short visits). I’m really excited about this job (internship, really), and I’m looking forward to getting to know a new city, but I’m anxious for four months of taking on all the parenting responsibilities myself.
Although it is not my favourite, I do buy Sally Hansen nail polish at CVS because all those fun colours tempt me so. At under $3 a bottle, it's no huge loss if one is shitty. And Sally Hansen nail polishes can be hit or miss -- they have mostly been hits for me, but when they miss, THEY MISS. "Mellow Yellow" by Sally Hansen has got to be the worst nail polish I have ever owned. It is goopy and never goes on opaque -- no matter what I do it always has streaks and bare spots in it. It's just an all-round mess for me. Maybe I have a defective bottle -- I don't know -- but it just does not go on right or ever look good. It always looks like a 3 year old painted my nails! Now as I said -- most Sally Hansen nail polishes have been good. I really like Blue Me Away and Celeb City! Just this particular colour "Mellow Yellow" is awful.
2 Unlimited No limit B/NL
I`m feeling discombobulated. I have hardly sewn the last 10 days and so have very little to share with you. I`m feeling out of sorts in a way I can`t really describe. So I shall just share with you a taste of what`s been going on around here.
However it happened, I definitely got to benefit.
10 re
I need your votes to #makethestage @internetweek New York http://j.mp/I0hHXN This presentation is to the design professional or amateur entering the startup field... From concept to consumer support how is technology affecting the independent design sector... yes not ALL fashion professionals have thesame tools and processes!
Perhaps it's time to make the situation worse. Or, more precisely, to square your shoulders against your guiding fear, that wave of disapproval. First, accept that it's probably coming anyway, no matter what you do.
She's often called "spry" because it seems synonymous with any senior citizen who refuses to fade into nonexistence. But a better word might be undaunted.
"He wanted to come home before he died," said Etchison, who lives in Orange.
But what's most amazing about "American Reunion" is its absolute lack of tonal control. Scenes will wander from gross-out gag to sentimental schmaltz to pervy leer to cheap nostalgia within a 30-second span, utterly free of clear directorial guidance. Even worse, very little of it is remotely funny.
Ohio State, which has won or shared five of the last seven Big Ten titles, won't have an easy road in the conference next season.
The map was passed by the Republican-controlled state Apportionment Board on Sept. 28. The map, which redrew 99 House districts and 33 Senate districts, favors Republican candidates in a majority of the districts.
The science on mind games may be inconclusive, but research seems to suggest that they can't hurt -- except possibly your wallet.
"It's a very exciting technology," said Melissa Parrish, a Forrester analyst. "It's really cool. Location-based services are poised to do something really incredible. In terms of the usage, though, it's very much emerging."
Van Gundy might have some opportunities to work from some other team's bench:
Spain has joined seven other euro-zone nations in recession, according to data released Monday, providing new evidence that austerity policies are failing to spark confidence in the region's economies ahead of a week of expected anti-austerity protests and a string of important national elections.
Deputies have cited Randy Miller for making an improper left turn while operating county-owned motorized brush cutter on Union Mills Road near Redding Road. According to police reports, the brush cutter turned across the road directly into the path of an on-coming motorcycle driven by Thomas Joseph Fennell.
Americans have long been entranced by hooligans who laundered money, bootlegged, bullied and killed. Entrepreneurs have bused tourists to mob haunts in Newark, N.J.; Kansas City, Mo.; and Chicago. Vegas' own godfathers were immortalized in the 1995 Martin Scorsese movie "Casino," which was partly filmed here.
Team scores —Montrose 227, Cortez 234, Basalt 247, Durango 247, Moffat County 252, Delta 262, Grand Valley 268, Gunnison 284.
Assembly Speaker Sheila Oliver says lawmakers have been working on reforms. She says the governor's combative language isn't helpful.
The letter says Warner Bros. is within its rights to terminate Sheen’s contract because of “incapacity” — offering the 2011 Tiger Blood media tour as evidence — and moral turpitude, “including but not limited to furnishing of cocaine to others as part of the self-destructive lifestyle he has described publicly.”
-- Mix Maple Spice Yogurt for the Christmas brunch fruit salads; refrigerate until ready to use.
Instead, "it's very much more a play-focused experience. There are things you can get on and climb, and games you play and things to explore," Niles said.
The airport is also seeking to attract more carriers. On Tuesday, the county Board of Supervisors authorized a $250,000 cash offer to Virgin America to lure it to Sacramento. That money would come from an existing program funded by airport restaurants and shops.
But UO's office of public records failed to deliver that document -- readily available Wednesday after ESPN's article hit the Internet -- in early March.
The brewery used hops grown in Yolo County and water from the Sacramento River. Under the young and dynamic Frank Ruhstaller Jr., the company grew to be the largest brewery in the West, and it shipped its beer internationally.
Cory Richard Strevig, 26, of the 600 block of Emmy Dee Drive, was picked up by the Harford County Sheriff's Office Wednesday and charged in connection with burglaries in Fallston on Feb. 1, Feb. 10 and Feb. 16.
Aunt LuLu's Embroidery
Jacquemain returns to Akron, but after a few weeks he returns home, telling his parents he needs help. Campbell is back at Akron taking classes.
1053 Oday Av, $226,650
"Sears has decided through special legislation in Illinois to stay in Illinois. But don’t forget, we beat out every other state, including Texas."
Ultimate's ride must have felt all-too familiar to some of Wattles' executive staff, which included some who'd been with him at Hollywood.
MYSTERIES IF THE UNIVERSE
Grendell has said the goal, in fact, is to lure businesses and factories to use the waters to spur economic growth and boost tourism on the lake.
In its West Region opener, MU tumbled 86-84 against 15th-seeded Norfolk State of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference - whose members had been 0-41 against schools from the six power conferences this season.
Nix it
"It would be tragic if any woman — let alone thousands of women — lost access to these potentially lifesaving screenings because of a politically motivated attack," the senators wrote.
After the second such call, my wife became annoyed at the intrusion he was making in our weekend. I wasn't.
Can anyone disagree that far too many residents in Central Indiana have put themselves at serious risk because they smoke, weigh too much and don't exercise enough?
2. How would you describe your freshman season?
Lower Bucks Hospital in Bristol Township treats many of the under-insured and uninsured in its community. The hospital recently completed a $10 million renovation of its emergency department to handle increasing numbers of patients who use the department as its primary doctor.
Consider just the two biggies: Facebook and Twitter. Both are many magnitudes larger.
"Daimen stated he was looking in his side-view mirror when he heard a 'pow,' " court documents state. "He panicked and drove away as Christopher yelled for him to 'go.' "
9. Go local, eat what the locals eat and encourage the local economy by hiring local guides. “Be less demanding of having a Western-style meal where they would have to truck things in from a far distance,” Uehling says.
A total of more than 500 people, including top leaders of industry and higher education institutions, have attended meetings across the state to discuss how universities should commercialize inventions to create, expand and attract businesses, he said.
"It's a great feeling," Jake said of winning his first district tournament. "We've wrestled in some tough tournaments this year, and it's prepared me very well. It's great that my dad did so well (in high school). I try and look up to him and keep the journey going."
The white grape Grechetto has a long history in Umbria in central Italy. It's an essential part of the blend for the region's best-known white, Orvieto. But winemakers in Todi, a medieval hill town near Perugia, use the native grape on its own to make Grechetto di Todi. One of the best is made by the Roccafiore estate. Fiorfiore, as it's called, is pale gold with a scent of tropical fruit and flowers. The 2009 is rich and round, but with a nice snap of acidity. It stands out for its elegance.
Currently, the NBA has a "soft" salary cap that can be exceeded under certain "exceptions." Along with a luxury tax that penalizes teams that far overshoot the salary cap, the system has worked for more than a decade.
Some grains take special treatment. Quinoa is the trickiest. Cooked the wrong way, it can taste soapy and bitter. But blame the cook, not the grain. Quinoa grains come covered in a natural, plant-generated pesticide called saponin; they must be thoroughly rinsed before cooking.
Although coastal gardens can look beautiful with whimsical hedge shapes, doing this to desert plants is simply incompatible with our surroundings. More importantly, it erodes their health. When you create large, flattened surfaces with hedge shears, you expose the plant in many ways to our harsh climate. Our desert plants need the multiple layers they create to survive.
Details: 7:30 p.m. Monday, May 14. Comerica Theatre, 400 W. Washington St., Phoenix. $35. 602-379-2888, ticketmaster.com.
In August 2010, Davis agreed to repay $4,500 to the Highland Park School District as part of a settlement in Wayne County Circuit Court for submitting an inaccurate court judgment for legal fees. The settlement was announced before Wayne County Circuit Judge Robert Colombo Jr., who wanted to know how two conflicting court orders wound up on the record in a Freedom of Information lawsuit filed by Davis against the school board.
American stopped selling tickets on Orbitz on Dec. 21 in a dispute over how Orbitz gets information about American flights. Two days later, Expedia began listing American Airlines fares in a way that made them harder to see.
IRVINE SPECTRUM 21 & IMAX
"The rotation was present there and slowly descended down, touched down for about 15 seconds one to two miles east," he said.
After Luis Ayala retired Derek Jeter on a groundout to end the game, the Orioles coaxed Showalter out of the dugout and presented him the game ball as they gathered around him at home plate.
The Transportation Security Administration said that a man traveling to Detroit with his 4-year-old son on Monday afternoon was stopped when a TSA officer noticed the disassembled gun components "artfully concealed" inside three stuffed animals. The stuffed animals were inside the child's carry-on bag, which had been put through an x-ray machine as part of normal security screening.
There's no doubt the recent round of cuts in overtime pay, and the mayor's call to charge drivers $80 a month for parking their private cars in city bus yards, have given rise to tensions within the drivers' ranks.
Along with improved fourth-quarter results, Chrysler narrowed its 2010 loss to $652 million, down from a staggering $8 billion loss in 2009.
He signed a two-year deal worth $500,000 a year with a chance for bonuses.
It's kind of my own thing, but I do look at things like the blogs for new ideas and inspiration. I'm told I should be working in fashion. I just helped my sister plan her wedding; I'm good at it. I don't like to be boring; I like to create an outfit. An outfit for me starts with a tank top, preferably one with a print. I like color, texture. Then I add a sweater or something, skinny jeans and great shoes or boots. If I don't do an outfit quite right, it affects my mood. Good colors and prints make me smile.
"Adios."
"We have lots of hard-working, middle-class clients who never made a lot of money but were excellent savers," said Ben Tobias, a certified financial planner in Plantation, Fla.
Aldridge admirably wants to carry that weight. He just hasn't yet been able to follow through enough.
Matheny's conclusion is to trust himself and those around him, especially the holdovers from the unlikely championship team that required a 23-9 rush to reach the postseason, a 1-0 win to secure the division series and one of the game's most dramatic October wins to take down the Texas Rangers.
In December, at the following court date, Slay Jr. again didn't show. But John Bouhasin, a former city counselor now in private practice, said he happened to be in the courtroom at the time and heard the judge read Slay Jr.'s name, twice.
The man walked into the bank and presented the teller with a note demanding money. He did not show or imply that he had a gun. He left with an undetermined amount of money.
But Collette set March 29 for the next hearing in a case alleging Open Meetings Act violations in the state's use of the emergency manager law for financially troubled cities and school districts.
&middot Northern State got great press in Sioux Falls on Sunday when the Argus Leader named two NSU men's basketball recruits to its annual First Five statewide team. Not only was St. Thomas More senior Skye Warwick named to the team, he was named the player of the year. Joining Warwick at NSU this fall will be his First Five teammate Darin Peterka of Miller.
“I just started pressing,” he admitted. “I reverted to my old ways. Just hacking and stuff.”
"We value the freedom of everyone to express their opinion and believe to disagree does not mean to disrespect. We’d like to thank this Boy Scout Council board member for his service to youth and wish him well in his future endeavors to serve his community."
"Maybe open a book store," he said.
Still, the government's action had its price as well.
Before the election, Knight, 53, said he wanted to run as a team because one person cannot accomplish much in city government. He would need a majority voting bloc to make the kinds of changes he says the city needs.
3/4 cup chopped fresh parsley, divided
"I'd be lucky if anyone showed up," Shaw said.
The suit alleged that Alberternst offered no resistance when officers from the Warren County Sheriff's Department, the East Central Drug Task Force and the St. Charles County Regional Drug Task Force arrested him on Feb. 5, 2009, at a friend's trailer in Middletown, Mo.
There are two public hearings in St. Paul to talk about stadium financing, the first being on Tuesday.
Founder and primary funder, Ron Clutter, has had his reasons for keeping the project quiet.
Dinner prices run moderate, with most entrees a little over or under $20. Sampling any of the wines by the glass, or perhaps an orange marmalade whiskey sour, two people could dine thoroughly for under $100.
Fred Karger worked on Reagan's presidential campaigns and went on to become a lobbyist and Republican political consultant. Now 61, he contemplating becoming the first openly gay candidate to run for a major party presidential nomination. The Washington Post's Dan Zak went along on a ride through the snow-covered roads of New Hampshire with Karger.
The brownstone neighborhoods have experienced waves of fine dining before, but the area — as well as nearby neighborhoods such as Downtown Brooklyn and Columbia-Waterfront — is seeing an influx of fresh culinary talent.
Comment: Much, much more than anyone could have dreamed.
The president has doggedly pushed piecemeal proposals that he says will improve the lives of middle-income Americans -- from hiring teachers and firefighters to streamlining the refinancing of home mortgages -- as a way to revive the broader job market in the face of a hostile Congress. Romney has tried to keep the focus on the big picture -- one that he contends reveals a president who has failed as a custodian of the economy.
"Someone is going to make a phenomenal pick in this draft, and they're going to get a true steal," Spain said. "Kids like that, I mean, it's a once-in-a-lifetime coaching experience."
With $45 million from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Kane and other researchers are now following 3,000 teachers in six school districts to see if other types of evaluation -- including sophisticated classroom observations, surveys of teachers and reviews of student work -- are also good measures of teacher performance.
Critics have a simple refutation: Use intelligent design to develop experiments to advance science, then get back to us.
Sheriff's department spokesman Craig McGuire said the department continues to support Hunt and Rowe and found no basis for disciplinary action during an internal investigation.
The Teemans have two grandsons whom they love to dote on. One is 5, the other 11  about the age they believe Brian was when the alleged sexual abuse began. Their grandson recently became an altar boy, but they wish the church would do away with the position altogether.
And Oregon's largest transit agency is once again trying to balance the free-speech rights of its employees while keeping its public image polished in the digital age.
Smith doesn’t push hard, but he’s got something he’d like them to know — the night doesn’t have to end when the Wellmont calls it quits. They can walk a few blocks south on store-studded Bloomfield Avenue; there, in the narrow DLV Lounge, with its wood-paneled walls adorned with black-and-white photographs of musicians, the locals are throwing a party of their own.
When the fee increase was implemented this year, district leaders were quick to mention their costs were still lower than other area districts. The Lake Oswego school district charges $300 per sport per athlete in high schools, for example, and West Linn-Wilsonville charges $300 for the entire year, regardless of the number of sports.
Zayat bought Nehro for $170,000 and gave him to Steve Asmussen to train. Asmussen is very circumspect on the horse's chances.
Plans at the Hooper Building call for enclosing three automobile bays to add 1,050 square feet and wrapping the second story in a new "skin" of metal panels and windows. The parking lot will be spruced up with new landscaping, bicycle parking and a covered drive-through.
"What I saw today is nothing new," Ms. Cunningham said. "It's business as usual. It's always putting government personnel above kids. It's not putting kids at the back of the bus; it's putting them under the bus and running over them."
The county previously released a round of so-called dossiers on three prominent county residents — which resulted in allegations that a state criminal database may have been accessed illegally. The ACLU and the media asked the county to release similar documents on an expanded list of people and came up with very little.
Gundel smiled while describing the busy work. Yet after her 14-year-old daughter left to chat with other homeless teens, her smile gave way to a trembling lip.
The governor says the state has an "oral" agreement with the company to keep 3,000 jobs in Illinois. The company calls the 2,500 figure a floor and says the incentive agreement is designed to encourage the company to maintain and grow its work force in Illinois.
Despite a number of predictions that 2012 may see record numbers of foreclosures after the worst foreclosure crisis since the Great Depression, politicians and other interests have their eyes on Michigan's $97-million share of the recent National Mortgage Servicer Settlement.
Q: My sister has three sago palms, and the fronds have turned quite yellow. They have been in the ground for about nine years. During the summer, they were being watered every two days for three hours. They get mid- and late-afternoon sun.
Other guests corroborate her account in at least one respect: They believe housekeepers are rewarded for changing as few towels as possible.
On Thursday, Geddes unsuccessfully tried to pass a measure that would cut the size of the salary pool in half -- arguing that increased contributions to insurance plans next year should be considered a perk.
Boston (Bard 1–2, 4.38) at Chicago White Sox (Danks* 2–2, 5.11), 5:10 p.m.
Then the state started licensing the industry in May 2002. Under the law, any loan officer or broker not employed by a traditional bank has to pass competency tests and criminal background checks and disclose how their fees were computed. Those employed by banks were exempt. The law prohibits anyone who has been convicted of theft, forgery or financial crimes from getting a license. The Ohio Bankers League estimated that some 4,500 loan officers - 38 percent of the total -- either didn't qualify or didn't apply.
Word on West 25th is there's a move to recruit yet another brewery to the district, possibly to the space that used to house the troubled Moda nightclub that has sat empty since legal woes caused its closing.
"We are a nation, after all, under law and the president has confidence in the head of the Secret Service, as do I," Romney said. "I believe that the right corrective action will be taken there and obviously everyone is very, very disappointed in these stories, very uncharacteristic of the service."
The euro rose to $1.3056 from $1.2929 late Monday. Last Thursday, it hit a 15-month low of $1.2857 after an Italian bond auction disappointed investors. On Tuesday, the better economic data had investors more willing to buy riskier currencies.
"Burn": This is the story of Detroit firefighters on the front lines of trying to save the city, as observed by directing-producing partners Tom Putnam and Brenna Sanchez (she grew up on Detroit's west side). After pretty much embedding themselves with engine companies, what they found was a group of dedicated public servants -- with the hearts of heroes and the resources of a financially strapped city -- waging a continuous battle and facing a huge arson problem. Helmet cams provided a rare look at what firefighters actually see inside burning structures, while Putnam and Sanchez's interviews delved into how they feel about their difficult job. "Burn" has earned the support of "Rescue Me" star Denis Leary, a firefighter advocate who's come on board as an executive producer.
Somehow, I doubt that my kids will ever reflect on their youth and long for the grandeur and elegance of a 12-screen multiplex. But it's also hard to believe that I once went to the Fox theatre to watch John Wayne defend the Alamo.
Iran says its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes. Israel, like the West, believes that Tehran is developing weapons technology, but there is intense debate over whether international economic sanctions accompanying the current round of negotiations might prevent Iran from developing a bomb, or whether at some point a military strike should be launched.
Homicides were clustered in the city's north-central end  including neighborhoods such as Del Paso Heights, North Sacramento and Norwood  and in the Meadowview and Parkway areas.
McClatchy def. Burbank 25-15, 25-16, 21-25, 26-24.
For the 31-year-old global studies student at the University of Minnesota, the incident stands to irreparably alter the plans he had for his life. He considered going to law school and wanted to pursue a specialty in Arab languages in the military. Now he faces four felony charges for robbery and theft and a discharge from the National Guard, which threaten his VA health and education benefits.
Edwardsville turned in a solid effort, but simply could not overcome the early goal.
The private equity Masters of the Universe are in a royal jam in Texas.
I don't know exactly what Young did. I'd like to say we should not rush to judgment but, hey, I'm not the guy who suspended him a week without pay.
Fox has practiced in this area for 28 years and said he wouldn't be surprised if the tree pollen season, which started early, ends "a week or two early." However, some allergens tend to overlap in individuals and Fox said that's the case with tree and grass pollen and, in late August through late September, ragweed.
There are plenty of ways to save money, but the federal government won't touch the sacred military-industrial complex cows. So what's on the chopping block? The "entitlement" programs every American paid into during their working careers.
"Locally, Ms. Corey has earned a reputation as someone who would rather use the criminal-justice system to sternly discipline an offender than rehabilitate an individual or heal a community," said Benetta Standly, Northeast Florida regional director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Florida.
In the last six months, a number of federal district courts around the country have upheld local no-camping ordinances and similar laws in litigation arising out of the Occupy Wall Street movement, according to an executive summary written by Denver's city attorneys for the proposed ordinance.
8922 NE Benjamin St; 1,353 square feet; $212,900
"We started to outgrow the space," Michele Gardner said. "We needed more room and the building was put on the market, which prompted me to start looking."
First, why did Andrea Sneiderman wait so long to tell police about her suspicions that Neuman, her onetime supervisor at GE Energy, was involved in her husband's murder?
The wild card in the overall race is Leopard Trek's Andy Schleck, the runner-up in the Tour de France the last two years. Once again, the 25-year-old is using the Tour of California to prepare for cycling's biggest race.
Currently, Previte's is growing -- with a new DVD of solo electronics, Dialed In, made with video artist Benton-C Bainbridge, and an ambitious new collaborative project called "The Separation" (as in "of church and state"), with writer Andrea Kleine, filmmaker Anna Kiraly and an adaptation of Guillaume Dufay's 15th century Missa Sancti Jacobi, "rearranged as Coalition music, which is probably going to take a little bit more of a metal direction."
"It's a beautiful piece of machinery, actually."
The work was a commission by the L.A. Phil. Gustavo Dudamel gave the premiere in Disney in 2009. At the Seoul Philharmonic's appearance Wednesday in Santa Barbara, "Su" and "Mother Goose" had replaced the "Pathétique" on the program. It doesn't usually happen that way, but I suspect the Santa Barbarans got the better deal. Thursday's large, stylish, attentive and enthusiastic Disney audience, however, may not have felt that way.
"We found it's easier to do stuff on our own, instead of waiting for people to do stuff for us," Burke said.
Unlike power struggles in previous years, this one is unfolding under the intense scrutiny of millions of Chinese Internet users, who have been trading rumors and speculation about possible scenarios over popular microblogging services.
Three events may be of interest to the public. They include a Native American ceremony from 6:30 to 7 p.m. Friday, and a Mayan prayer ritual around a fire pit on from 4:30 to 5:45 p.m. Saturday. There will be a Mass on Sunday at noon in Mayan languages, Spanish and English.
I don't want to see guys making the same mistakes I made, he says.
Brickowski said he's studied the parallels between retired athletes and retired military personnel. "I had a high-ranking military officer tell me, 'The higher the ranking, the more difficult the transition.' And that's the same with professional basketball. As soon as you retire, no one could care less about you."
"No one will be on a placebo," he said. "Considering that we have effective drugs available, it's difficult to ask patients to enter a study when they may end up in the placebo arm and not get any effective treatment at all."
But Dimon's contention that the $2-billion loss came from a hedging strategy that backfired, not an opportunistic bet with the bank's own money, faced doubt on Friday, if not outright ridicule.
leading scorer in the series for the Blazers with four goals and seven assists, while Jordan DePape has added four goals and five assists. … Carruth surrendered seven goals on 43 shots in Game 6, including three goals on shots from the point. “I think Mac has been good in the series,” Johnston said. “You come out of games like Monday’s game and you can over-examine things. But I look at the goals and there’s nothing that was his fault. It’s funny how sometimes point shots hit a shin pad and bounce to the left or to the right, and sometimes they find their way through. Monday night was one of those nights where they found their way through.”
Saint Louis got it down to five on a Cody Ellis three with 28 seconds left. Appling was then fouled and split two free throws. Then with less than 10 seconds to go, Mike McCall Jr. made a three-pointer of the night to trim the lead to three.
"Texaco couldn't come up with enough cash, but it wasn't insolvent in any balance sheet sense," Eisenberg said. "It was an isolated problem that was solved through bankruptcy."
Nobody – with the possible exception of Ellsbury himself – expected him to do what he did in 2011.
1099: There are various kinds of 1099s. The most common include the 1099-INT, which you get if you earned at least $10 in taxable interest during the year, and the 1099-MISC, for miscellaneous income, given to contract workers.
They have a new coach, a new general manager, a new direction after the wrong turn they just took into last place. Realistically, they are years from returning to contention, and will need a wave of fresh bodies to get there.
2. Emilio Bonifacio, CF
Their full-length debut, "Torches," came out in May. It received a Grammy nod in the best alternative music album category, too.
Red carpet style: Boho exuberance
Said Pletcher: "He's doing really well. We're not left without a chance."
OWINGS MILLS, Md. - The Baltimore Ravens have agreed to a two-year deal with Chicago Bears free agent cornerback Corey Graham.
At least some of our disappointment with the food was remedied by excellent service when it came to the beers. For both of our meals, our servers touted the beer selection, even to the point of inquiring about what styles of beers we liked or were in the mood for.
Aug. 18:
In October, Rep. Pete Olson, R-Texas, sponsored a resolution praising O'Keefe and the woman who posed as a prostitute, Hannah Giles, for their investigation of "fraudulent and illegal practices and misuse of taxpayer dollars" by ACORN. Thirty-one Republican congressmen signed on as co-sponsors.
The 6-foot-1, 220-pound forward could be mistaken for a NFL fullback. And his playing style shows it -- he physically overpowers defenders to establish position and create scoring opportunities.
Kitzhaber for a time served as a board member for the Green Economy Institute, a nonprofit affiliated with Hayes' 3EStrategies firm.
Bears, www.bearspop.com
If at least 10,552 are qualified on each petition, the City Council would schedule a special election possibly coinciding with the June 5 primaries.
PORTLAND, Ore. -The Portland Trail Blazers have announced their seven-game preseason schedule today, highlighted by three games at the Rose Garden against Western Conference rivals.
Makeup kits: Physician's Formula
The event is a series of 2﻿1/2-minute presentations from the latest class of 66 startups to finish Y Combinator's program. But to even get in, you had to brave the 30-minute traffic jam outside the Computer History Museum in Mountain View. After several years of holding the event at its cramped offices, Y Combinator had to move to a larger space to accommodate growing demand from potential investors.
Then Miguel Cabrera wrapped up an 0-for-13 series with a broken-bat fly to center for the final out.
At a time when creating a restaurant space can involve seven figures and flown-in consultants, Genoa doesn't play in that league; the outside looks like a genteel neighborhood tavern and the inside still resembles a sitting room from the time when people had sitting rooms. While modern restaurant sound systems -- and hard, sound-reflecting surfaces -- can make it hard to hear yourself chew, the only native sound at Genoa is the server lovingly describing each course in pentameter-like rhythms.
Germaine and O’Leary were malnourished, confined to their beds and denied proper medical treatment, according to the indictment handed up in 2009, and Perry was forced to care for O’Leary.
"The camp did draw a lot of our energy, just managing the security and the food," said protester Magda Freedom Rod, 42. Like Brito, Rod insisted that Occupy Los Angeles is far from dead.
Starting a business during the 1982 recession wasn't her first choice, but this saleswoman needed to work and finding a job was hard.
Each time we think we understand,
And she was told by Tom Colicchio, of Craft in New York, that he was not a celebrity chef.
Police said the passenger and suspected shooter was described as 20 to 30 years old with a medium build and shoulder-length hair that was braided into cornrows. Police said he wore a black T-shirt with a white design.
Previously each side had proposed receiving 53 percent of basketball-related income after players were guaranteed 57 percent under the previous collective bargaining agreement.
Better understanding the communication between the gut and the brain could help reveal the causes of and treatments for a range of ailments, and provide diagnostic clues for doctors.
Feliciano was in bond court Thursday and was ordered held on $900,000. Additional court information was not immediately available Sunday morning.
Grade the first half of the season in the poll to the right and leave your comments below.
Toby is traveling to Zebulon daily to make sure his mom isn't alone, taking care of her just as Rick took care of his mother, Joyce. His father told him, "Your time will come one day and that’s what you will do."
Muschamp declined to be interviewed for this story, but in an interview with Sporting News last month, he hinted that things aren’t always what they seem.
In reality, however, the new way is a lot like the old way. It's the way of the Wild West with few rules. Voters should beware.
Here's a look at those albums and April's other top releases.
"These states we're focusing on, Alabama and Mississippi, are the next two best opportunities on the calendar," Gingrich spokesman R.C. Hammond told reporters in Montgomery, at the outset of a daylong Gingrich campaign trek across Alabama.
Portland's 2 percent homeowner vacancy is in the middle of the pack for the country's 75 largest metro areas. The national homeowner vacancy rate in major cities is 2.5 percent.
Organizers of the Epicurean Classic say the main issue was finding a venue for the event.
The group said several important decisions remain, including whether the governor will restore the funds to clean energy programs; what his proposed Energy Master Plan will look like; and whether he will oppose a recently-passed bill that would encourage the building of some natural gas power plants with state subsidies.
"I think it's unethical," said Judy Brandon, who had arrived at the airport from Lincoln, Ill., and was waiting for friends to pick her up. "I don't think they do that in Illinois. They have unmarked cars."
A week before Christmas in 2010, Jake Klonoski opened a door inside his family's Eugene, Ore., home and was horror-struck.
That Caro is a dogged reporter helps. So does his ability to spin a magnificent tale.
On the Eating Treadmill
Tracey, a University of Colorado journalism professor, wouldn't say what exactly was in the more recent messages that persuaded him to go to authorities, only that "it was the responsible thing to do."
An aspiring lawyer who is working on a master's degree in communications, he holds 46 school records and adoring Bears fans are praying he comes back for more.
Prizes will be awarded for best judged and fan favorite for both chili and home-brewer competitions.
First we started contacting businesses about gift giving and started preparing for the Christmas season. It took a long time to build up that part of the business, but now we do as much business in December as we do in the first five months of the year.
However, Katie James, a former Ellisville City Council member on the commission, was angry that the county, with the most seats on the commission, "would say no to us, when this is our town."
Bart May 04 (TheWrap.com) - Simpson, ladies man? You might not think so, but he'll go "High Fidelity" when he revisits a bevy of exes -- played by Zooey Deschanel, Natalie Portman, Anne Hathaway, Sarah Michelle Gellar and Sarah Silverman -- next season.
"If you're sitting there looking at a race and think no one should bet this race, try this system on it, if only for a dime," he said. "You'd be amazed."
The play is specifically addressed in the Official Baseball Rules under Rule 8.05 (c), which states: "It is possible, with runners on first and third, for the pitcher to step toward third and not throw, merely to bluff the runner back to third; then seeing the runner on first start for second, turn and step toward and throw to first base. This is legal."
The new, $1.6 billion venue will seat 82,500 and be the third-largest stadium in the National Football League. It is being built next to Giants Stadium, which presented its last concert, by Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band, on Oct. 9.
Deen, a paid spokeswoman for Novo Nordisk, says she was diagnosed three years ago, but kept quiet about her condition until she had advice to offer the public.
Gerald Henderson, who led Charlotte with 16 points, said Portland did indeed do a good job defensively.
The website says the best time for children to learn reading is as an infant and toddler, before they go to school; it says they can start as young as 3 months old. "Seize this small window of opportunity," it urges parents.
Lardo
“I don’t know if we out-toughed them but we stood up to them,” Gonzaga coach Kelly Greaves said. “They’re tough. We knew we had to play that way. … We did right from the start. That was important. We set the tone defensively.”
It reached a pitch last week at the Verdi Club in San Francisco's Mission District, where a sold-out crowd of 300 people greeted Strayed's unveiling as Sugar with a standing ovation. She was preceded onstage by musicians, a comedian and seven "women of The Rumpus" who wore fishnet stockings and orange gloves with "Hell's" on one hand and "Bells" on the other. They read questions and answers from columns by Steve Almond, who originated the "Dear Sugar" column in The Rumpus before passing it on to Strayed. Almond wrote "Dear Sugar" in the persona of a woman who had been around the block a few times and wasn't above a snarky response. Strayed, he says, took a more nurturing approach and turned the sometimes-reflexive hostility of the Web into a community of supporters.
Ironically, Chagrin Falls installed a traffic monitoring camera at the intersection last summer to prevent just this sort of frustration. The village's street department foreman, John Brockway, checked out the situation after hearing from Road Rant.
My modest organic backyard brimmed with three espalier fruit trees; blueberry varieties for the full season; red, black and yellow raspberry types; English, French and culinary lavenders; a grapevine and loads of running strawberries; two climbing clematises; flat and ruffled parsleys; flowering sage, 'Barbeque' rosemary, assorted thymes, creeping Jenny and marigolds; scarlet beans, dill weed, lemon verbena and lemon grass; mint and chamomile. And the melons and the pickling cucumbers, the pumpkin and the spaghetti squash, and pink, violet, orange, yellow and red tomatoes.
What's more, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that fatal and nonfatal drowning rates are disproportionately higher in minority populations.
Goel is from India and has no family in the United States, said his attorney, Steve Altman of New Brunswick.
The show highlights facets of the musicians' early lives that many audience members might not know about, an educational aspect of the production that isn't limited to the ticket-buying public.
"Every day that Richard waits to be confirmed is another day when millions of Americans are left unprotected," the president will say. "Without a director in place, the consumer watchdog agency we've set up is left without the tools it needs to prevent dishonest mortgage brokers, payday lenders and debt collectors from taking advantage of consumers. That's inexcusable. It's wrong. And I refuse to take 'no' for an answer.
Bank of America shares added 48 cents, or 3.3 percent, in today's session to close the week at $15.25.
"It’s impacted our visibility in our community," Quinlan said, "not drastically yet, but it’s had an impact. We cannot afford to lose one more police officer."
They also were expecting to formally sign franchise kicker Phil Dawson and restricted free-agent tight end Evan Moore today, so they will report to the opening of coach Pat Shurmur's first Browns training camp.
Now he's attending Ivy Tech Community College with plans to become a heating and air-conditioning technician.
I just can’t shake the ridiculous image of you, Liz — a blue-eyed blonde almost as pasty white as me — letting yourself be described as a minority professor, a Native American, for years.
Kyl said he thinks he has been an effective and influential senator, partly because of his collaborative working style and partly because he understands, after 24 years, how Washington works. He knows that his departure will leave a void.
Dekraai, a 42-year-old former tugboat crewman, was arrested moments after the 1:21 p.m. shooting spree when he yielded to Seal Beach patrolman Joe Garcia, who pulled Dekraai over on Central Avenue at 12th Street, less than a half-mile from the carnage, after six eyewitnesses pointed him out, according to the affidavit.
Dong's kitchen came through on desserts (all $8) as well. They're made in house, and for Valentine's night the special profiteroles delivered the most satisfying gush of not-too-sweet custard, under a lacing of dark chocolate syrup. But the best is the white pepper ice cream that adds a light kiss of spice to the crisp-crusted pecan tart.
There will also be a private security firm working the race. And the increased police presence will continue at night, after the races, when tourists are enjoying Baltimore's night life.
Even without the chilies, however, we found ourselves more and more red-faced as we looked around. "Our Food Is Guaranteed Not To Cause Pregnancy," boasts the menu, while a bouquet of condoms decorates the place mats. Artwork promotes condoms for family planning and HIV protection, including a brazen poster that shows exactly which sexual practices require condoms and which don't.
“If you don’t have a target, you don’t know where you’re going or whether or not you’re going to get there,” she said. Keeling said officials should set an overall goal, like reducing the number of preventable deaths by 25 percent by 2025.
At the last home game before Baltimore's primary election in September, the mayor's guests included her chief political fundraiser, a high-profile lawyer whose firm donated generously to her campaign and the head of a union who later appeared at a campaign event with her.
2nd qualifier
The one thing everyone seems to agree on is that rainfall amounts have been so great that flooding was inevitable.
"I've struggled against lefties this year," Chisenhall said. "It's just a matter of me going up there and taking an aggressive hack."
Elvedin Halkic, 33, was driving south on South Lindbergh Boulevard at about 1 a.m. Sunday when he ran a red light at East Concord Road, police say.
City and school officials are not happy about the arrangement between Club Damani and the Harambee Institute of Science and Technology Charter School, which serves about 450 children in kindergarten through eighth grade.
"'Postracial is a white idea.' This again. It had all begun to sound to me like a spiritually gated community of liberal chat.
In those tests, regulators supposed the unemployment rate would spike to 13 percent, stocks would drop by half and home values would drop by more than a fifth.
"They don't want it 20 rows behind them or 20 rows in front of them, because that causes a lot of anxiety," Craver says.
Oh, and Naia Kete, Kim Yarborough, Cheesa and Sera Hill all took the stage for “Superstition,” even though, well, they were all voted off; what was the point?
*Although unrestricted free agent tailback Cedric Benson hasn't garnered any interest in the marketplace -- the seven-year veteran acknowledged this week that he hasn't made any visits -- there is some interest from a few clubs who view him as a time-sharing power runner.
Gaylen: Had 96 salmon in that boat one summer. Fish after fish.
Segel plays Jeff, a 30-year-old free spirit who has no job and spends his days smoking pot in his mother's basement. The guy has roughly the same amount of ambition as shower mold. His aimlessness puts him at odds not only with his over-worked mom Sharon (Sarandon), but also his self-absorbed brother Pat (Helms playing a bit against type).
But McKinley did not need to have its entire roof replaced or to undergo a complete, and expensive, seismic upgrade. All six Portland schools to be renovated will need such treatment, Sylvester said. They'll also get all new lockers, cabinetry, kitchen and science equipment, furniture and entrances, features that other districts can often reuse but which are too worn in Portland, officials said.
Investigators put together a loose-knit theory of the crime that had all five defendants converging on the site in as many as three cars. When they failed to break into a trailer-load of explosive material, they set it on fire, either out of frustration, or to cover up their crime.
Word that Christie plans to sign the package came on the same day he signed two bills into law expanding the options for horse racing bets in the Garden State.
The news comes a day after GM reported an uptick in Volt sales to 2,289 in March, a 50% increase from the previous high in December. Sales of the extended-range plug-in electric vehicle disappointed in early months but are now gaining steam.
Last week, U.S. Bankruptcy Court Judge Robert Gerber in New York said he would approve a plan to liquidate all of Motors Liquidation's assets.
Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, cited a 1947 Supreme Court case that declared, "Marriage and procreation are fundamental to the very existence and survival of the race." He said sanctioning same-sex marriage could lead to marriages between "fathers and daughters ... mothers and sons" and "poly-amorous relationships."
"This is an old Communist tradition, presenting a gift to the nation in the form of high technology," said Sima Nan, a pro-North Korea scholar in Beijing who was planning to visit Pyongyang for the launch. "It is natural that North Korea wants to demonstrate their capabilities and increase their bargaining power with the United States."
"I think after you get here, you set that goal for yourself every year," Aldridge said Friday. "Not coming wouldn't be good for me now."
What is your earliest memory of lacrosse?
These are special education students, and they open classroom doors with signs announcing tutorials for advanced placement classes they will never take. Denise Hunt, 53, teaches students ages 14 to 19 with moderate to severe intellectual and developmental disabilities.
McGuire said he had long discussions with the alarm-company attorney and watched as the alarm companies sued Fontana, Calif., over a similar alarm ordinance. After two lawsuits and spending about $300,000, Fontana and the alarm companies reached agreement on an ordinance, McGuire said.
There are plenty of women who have chosen not to get involved with me for one reason or another. I don't take it personally because whatever their reasons, it all boils down to me not being what they want or need in a relationship. But there are also plenty of women for whom I'm the perfect partner.
Financial statements filed with the Department of Corporations show Quick Loan's revenue in 2004 was 7 percent of its loan originations. Its revenue in 2005 was 6 percent of originations.
Or you can save time and just read this headline: “Fist fight breaks out at dialysis clinic between Kentucky, Louisville fans.”
Trading has been light during the holiday-shortened week. Markets were closed in the U.S. on Monday for the July 4th holiday. Many investors are looking ahead to Friday's employment report. Economists expect that the unemployment rate was 9.1 percent in June, unchanged from the month before.
"He gave his speech," he said.
4134, Susan Breslin, Audubon, 3:50:24.
"I'm confident that the Supreme Court will not take what would be an unprecedented, extraordinary step of overturning a law that was passed by a strong majority of a democratically elected Congress."
He tweeted, "I am 100% okay and I appreciate everyone's concern and support." Shurmur said he's not sure if Moore will play Thursday. ... Josh Cribbs tweaked a hamstring in practice and wore an ice bag on his left leg. "I try to practice at game speed," he said. "Just a little minor setback. Nothing big."
I told him this really shouldnt be a difficult contract," Irsay said.
"This is an Olympic year and that is my main focus," Rudisha said. "I'm desperate to win the Olympics. This is what I am so far missing in everything I've done."
President Obama attempted to dull the pain young Americans are feeling when he recently told a group of college students in Florida he "wasn't born with a silver spoon in his mouth" then went on to blame the mess we're in on capitalism. He described capitalism as a "broken down theory."
She is expected to play a few minutes tonight against the Japanese national team at US Airways Center, the Mercury's lone preseason game. Mercury coach Corey Gaines had some positive things to say after seeing Simon play last week.
"I'm not suggesting this will be easy," Obama added.
Notre Dame came out the winner for its combination of athletic and academic excellence, as well as keeping her closer to home.
The schedules vary: Airlines that test water quality frequently don't have to disinfect and flush as often; those that test less often must disinfect and flush more frequently.
I could hear Feldt take a deep breath.
Lyman’s simulations, which rely on NRC computer code, show that unfavorable winds could spread radioactivity far beyond the 12.5-mile evacuation zone, much as happened at Chernobyl in 1986.
The list of Detroit honorees from the National Association of Police Organizations  which is a coalition of police unions and groups from across the U.S.  included, besides Davis and Ball, Officers Melissa Adams, David Anderson, Bradley N. Clark, Rodney Cushingberry, Theodore Jackson Jr. and Lacell D. Rue; Sgts. Tyrone Guinn, Michael Ingels, James Kirklin, Ray Toufic Saati, Carrie Schulz and Joseph Turner Jr., and Investigator Amir G. Smith.
"Photo enforcement has a greater deterrent effect if drivers are aware it's out there," said Police Chief Ken Johnson. "The Fairview Police Department wants to make sure that drivers know we are using photo enforcement and that they have time to learn about this new safety program. My best advice is to remind drivers to slow down, follow the posted speed limit and when a light turns yellow stop if you can do so safely. Do not slam on your brakes."
"Because of my best friend, Kadie H."
7. West Deptford (9) 11-1
May 11, 2012 12:11 PM EDT
If there is to be any erring, it's in the public interest to be more strict in evaluating projects than less so.
RC: In Europe, were you surprised by the reception?
"A great deal of progress has been made in understanding what these particles are and where they're coming from," he said. "Certainly, the efforts that have been made in the last two decades in controlling air pollution in general, and especially in California and Los Angeles, are showing results."
"The Seattle atmosphere is awesome," Paulson said. "It's a bigger venue, it's a bigger city. We're always going to be capped by our size. But it's going to be more authentic and more electric. I'll say that with a heck of a lot of conviction."
James B. Astrachan, a trademark law professor, described the relinquishing of a trademark as a routine matter and said Whiting made the right move.
He walked jurors through a timeline of events leading to the discovery of the bodies and listed each victim in chronological order of her disappearance beginning in June 2007.
Varichon & Clerc Brut, Savoie Region, France ($11-$13): A non-vintage sparkling wine made in the "méthode traditionnelle." The color is ring gold. There's a nice effervescence, and the aroma is like a crisp fall apple. The flavor is full of apple fruit, soft acidity, and some bread tones. It's a fruit-forward bubbly with some balance. 87 points.
By the time they have the opportunity to sing along to Katy it is no longer Friday night, but Saturday — about 3:30 a.m. Finally, Old Town goes to sleep and so do we.
"There's height, and then there's speed; everything has a reciprocal effect," MU senior guard Kim English said after the game. "For every bush fire, there's rain. Everything evens out in basketball."
Now we are trying to grow our utilities too big. When Exelon gobbles up Constellation Energy and Baltimore Gas and Electric Co., who will lose? Baltimore will lose, big time. When Exelon decides to cut back departments and workers, where do you suppose those people will be cut? From Baltimore of course. Exelon is a Chicago company. Baltimore will naturally be the first place to cut. Cut jobs. Cut services. Cut power supplies. But don't look for them to cut any executive salaries; in fact the Exelon CEO is set to receive a $21 million dollar bonus when BGE becomes another Exelon satellite.
The quality of evaluations appears to vary dramatically in the district's nearly 1,000 schools. Some principals say it's hard to find the time to get into classrooms. Others, like Sonia Miller of Samuel Gompers Middle School in the Broadway-Manchester neighborhood west of Watts, make evaluations a priority.
In a speech on the Senate floor Wednesday, Foreign Relations Committee Chairman John Kerry, D-Mass., said Lugar "refused to allow this march to an orthodoxy about ideology and partisan politics to get in the way of what he thought was the responsibility of a senator and ... the need of the country to have people come together and find the common ground."
About a week after O'Donnell accepted the agreement, the Ohio Attorney General's Office gave notice that it and the Education Department wanted to intervene in the case because public funds were at stake.
FRIDAY, SATURDAY and SUNDAY: Julian Brewing Company's grand opening party runs all weekend, spotlighting the beers of owner/brewer Tom Nickel, whose previous efforts at Oggi's, Pizza Port and other locales have been worth a long drive.
vets is $99,623. Benefits are worth another $37,374, and firefighters get 10 to 12 weeks of vacation and sick leave.
Danny Stroud, R-Denver
Berthelot said the stolen goods were not recovered. "I guess they either ate it or sold it," he said.
2009 Pillsbury Wine Co. Roan Red, Cochise County ($20-$22) - (63 percent Grenache, 25 percent Mourvedre, 12 percent Syrah.) This wine is shockingly light in color; I expected an American Rhone-like darkness, but it's more like a French Rhone Grenache. This is good! The aroma has sexy appeal from the American Oak resin and cedar, with juicy ripe red fruit. The taste has a balanced pepper grip while being rounded out with lush fruit. It's really all it should be. 90 points.
Vitaly: Fennel pollen, piment d'Espellette and persillade (parsley and garlic chopped together)
With high ceilings and skylights in every room, Meadow Park is filled with natural light. There are almost no interior doors in the 23-year-old school, and expansive windows lining the interior hallways provide clear views into every classroom.
Activities included a "spin and win" wheel for brightly colored prizes, the chance to get a RoadRunner tattoo slapped on wherever your little heart desired, or the day's No. 1 crowd-pleaser, judging by the long line - face painting.
"You heard an audible groan in the audience," he said.
Pamela Peet - Penny Ann Peet
However, Marzilli said Chrysler's brand perception dropped significantly in February after its Super Bowl commercial with Clint Eastwood aired. That commercial was initially attacked by Republicans who charged that Eastwood seemed to be endorsing U.S. President Barack Obama and taxpayer assistance for the automotive industry.
What I like about Legos is that they have kits so there's instant gratification, she said. But then my kids take them apart and build their own ideas. That's the best part.
"Better now than never," he said of receiving the award.
“This keeps us in the race against Strongsville. Now we’re all knotted up,” said Brunswick Head Coach Todd Winston about getting the win. “The setback yesterday really pushed the issue to get this one today.”
The Wizard of Oz
Lyons 000 000 0 — 0 3 3
"He also was advised by the doctor when I was sitting there that I was not to be under stress. He knew," she said.
"I've had a lot of answers over the years, but sometimes now I forget the questions," she jokes.
(05-10) 10:19 PDT ST. LOUIS (AP) --
Amy Adams - The Fighter
When he burst on to the golf scene, the sport had never seen an athlete of his ethnic background compete, let alone dominate.
"I tried to use last night to my advantage a little bit with an early 12 o'clock start today," Blanton said. "I wanted to pound the zone a lot and hope that maybe they were coming out a touch lethargic. I don't know if that was the case or not.
Here's the obituary:
As it stands, that money all too frequently goes to mergers instead. Maybe that's the real crisis.
Bondi's spokeswoman said Jacquot had nothing to do with any of that. She described Jacquot as merely a temporary holdover from previous Attorney General Bill McCollum — one Bondi named "special counsel" with a $130,000 salary — who was uninvolved in the issue of foreclosure fraud.
MacMurray said by e-mail that she did not regard Korsmo's letter as taking action against the Navy Veterans. "It is quite obvious (Korsmo) is in a fact gathering mode. The chapter has always operated lawfully in New Mexico and will continue to do so.''
Kennedy, though, seemed to wonder aloud if a more blanket rule – one that would allow strip-searches of all those brought into the walls of the jail, for any offense — would be a fairer way and more equitable way of “protect(ing) the individual dignity of the detainee.”
FUGITIVE ARREST: Police arrested a fugitive at 12:31 p.m. April 24 during a traffic stop at Interstate 44 and South Lindbergh Boulevard.
The Situation and Alex go to his room and start hooking up. Then the blonde waltzes into the room and tells Alex that's she leaving. Alex is fine with that. "You don't want to do this," the blonde tells her. The Situation is less than thrilled with Ann Landers, particularly when Alex heeds her advice. He continues the belabored combat metaphor: The blonde, he says, "was a bomb pretty much, and Pauly D did not know the code to decipher the bomb."
CLEVELAND, Ohio — The Indians’ new first-base coach, Tom Wiedenbauer, spent 35 years with the Houston Astros as a player, coach, manager, coordinator and scout before coming to Cleveland in 2011 as minor-league field coordinator. Wiedenbauer is the Indians outfield and base-running coach.
Epenesa plays club ball for High Performance in St. Louis.
In late December, he bought the house outright, plunking down $8,000 cash. One would think cash would talk. It took some shoving.
— Rap impresario Sean "Diddy" Combs was ordered in 2005 to pay about $19,000 a month in support to former girlfriend Misa Hylton-Brim for the care of their son Justin.
The association between the man who would presumably be the next commissioner and a firm receiving money from Newark will likely raise questions when Cerf comes up for confirmation before the Senate Judiciary Committee.
A: From early childhood, when my father hung a giant mural of a world map on my bedroom wall and gave me a shortwave radio, I have felt wanderlust. Traveling and meeting people in diverse places is a part of this urge, as is developing a more philosophical understanding of humanity and the world and myself. As I dance the stage in this ever-changing world, it is not as a tourist but as an entrepreneurial investor in the future of nations.
Year formed: 1997
Now Mitt Romney is trying out some new gas warfare lines of attack against President Barack Obama.
Ford officials said analysts did not account for higher expenses the company faced toward the end of the year such as poor European sales, increased costs related to product launches and higher prices for steel and other commodities.
Hunter's contract with Edwards' organization wasn't renewed at the end of 2006. But in February 2007, Davis said he ran into her in an elevator at the candidate's Detroit hotel.
Maybe that will happen. Maybe it won't. It's hard to tell from what's on paper right now.
Over the past few days, police interviewed possible suspects. Salle said 20 students were interviewed before the girl confessed.
The association includes larger chains such as CVS/Caremark and Walgreen Co., along with community pharmacies, supermarkets, and popular discount stores such as Target and WalMart. Its members operate more than 40,000 pharmacies and employ more than 3.5 million people, including 130,000 pharmacists, the association says.
If you're intent on speedy dining, it's best to call ahead for takeout (even if you eat there) because it's not until you make a request that the thwack-thwack-thwack of dough being patted out for your safeeha is heard. If you order empanada-like baked fatayer (stuffed with spinach, pine nuts and onion or with cheeses) or meat-stuffed baked samosas, they won't go into that oven until you order them.
The NRDC's new report on the subject is called "Relieving Pain at the Pump: Thanks to Stronger Standards, Consumers Have More Fuel-Efficient Choices." In it, the , the NRDC pointed out, for example, that the number of subcompacts offering 30 miles per gallon or better fuel economy had tripled from just five in the 2009 model year to 15 in model year 2012.
Buzz: Chris Elander pitched 5 innings with 14 strikeouts for Hagerty (4-1). David Howard had 2 RBIs for the Huskies. Seminole is 1-1.
The best gift I’ve ever given was a Mother’s Day gift. The reason it was so great was that she was happy, so I was happy.
As the state prunes back economic-development programs that aren't working, its top priority should be strengthening schools, community colleges, universities and job training programs.
"Its most important role is its connection to the community,'' he said. "And we've lost so much of that."
The solar panels have a 25-year warranty, but are expected to have a life-span of about 30 years, said PSE&G vice president Al Matos.
This has made Pennsylvania's five-term Sen. Arlen Specter the archetypal figure for this year, a man who was literally run out of the Republican Party by the challenge of a junior former House member and the ill-financed Tea Party movement, and then upset in his new home in the Democratic primary by an even more unknown Joe Sestak, a stranger to most voters across the state until his ads began three weeks before Election Day.
The FBI currently has possession of the IED and is conducting technical and forensics analysis on it. Initial exploitation indicates that the device is very similar to IEDs that have been used previously by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) in attempted terrorist attacks, including against aircraft and for targeted assassinations.
A computer science and electrical engineering graduate from UC Berkeley, Ryan cofounded Green Vehicles in 2007 with valley intellectual property lawyer Ehab Youssef after selling a small chip company in Irvine to Broadcom and dabbling in real estate for a while.
Gibson, 37, from Camden, was charged with receiving stolen property and lodged in the Camden County Jail in default of $10,000 bail, said police.
*Report: Texas A&M Athletic Director Bill Byrne on Monday met with Fedora and Sumlin in New York. Sumlin has been rumored a frontrunner for the A&M job from the start, while Fedora is a native of College Station, Texas. As reported earlier, there was really just one thing ASU feared in its pursuit of Sumlin: The Texas A&M job.
Quan said she had breakfast with "one of the main owners" of the San Francisco Giants recently, who was "adamant" that the Giants would not give up their territorial rights to Santa Clara County.
Protesters then marched through the Smith Memorial Student Union building. What follows is a running chronology of Monday evening's events, as reported by Oregonian staffers in the field:
Each day, the families kept in touch.
Asked why Mann specifically alleged that Olson used electronic monitoring equipment against her, he said, "She knows how I do my job.'' He predicted that he would be cleared of any wrongdoing and asked that the Star Tribune not report on the investigation. He noted that he's had good relations in the past with reporters.
Lauran Neergaard, AP medical writer
God is not lost and does not need to be found. God is in the bare bark of a tree in the dead cold of winter. He is also in the bud of the flower in the spring. I believe God is everywhere, even where he may not be acknowledged as God. There is great diversity of religion and many approaches to faith in Cleveland, and God is not confined to just one or two of any of them.
The Mercury News is running the abortion series in the cartoon's usual place, on the comics page.
James does join a deep backfield. The 49ers are led by running back Frank Gore, who has rushed for 7,625 yards and 43 touchdowns during his seven-year career. San Francisco used a fourth-round pick in 2011 to select running back Kendall Hunter out of Oklahoma State. Hunter rushed for 473 yards and two touchdowns as a rookie. This offseason, the 49ers signed free agent running back Brandon Jacobs, who had been with the Giants.
øFrom red carpet to your closet
Rounding third was a succotash with smoked trout. Next door at the bistro sometimes there's a succotash special with fava beans, English peas and sugar snap peas, all freshly picked from the West Organic Farm I mentioned. The dish made for the challenge reminded me that you eat with your eyes, too.
Rising stocks outpaced falling ones by four to one on the New York Stock Exchange. Consolidiated volume was 4.4 billion shares.
Orders for long-lasting manufactured products fell for a second straight month. The Commerce Department said durable goods orders fell 0.7 percent, led by a drop in spending for commercial aircraft.
“Times have changed and parents now look at newspaper articles and published API test scores,” said Troy Principal Margaret Buchan. “They shop for high schools just like they shop for college. This is a free public education experience that is second to none.”
Bochy has been asked to be on an All-Star staff four times: in 1997, 2001, 2007 and 2009. He also managed the team in 1999, when the game was at Fenway Park and Pedro Martínez struck out five National Leaguers in the first two innings.
Asked about Wainwright, Matheny said: "In general, it's just one of those days you write off. It wasn't his best stuff. He knows that.
The trial is set to begin Feb. 21 and is expected to last more than three weeks.
Readers also have to wade through some score-settling. Bastianich has less than nice things to say about one wine importer, a genius gelato maker and people in the fashion business. He trashes a critic who gave one of his restaurants a bad review, calling the man a "puffed-up real-estate columnist who moonlights as a restaurant critic."
On the roster: It's one of the strongest, deepest positions on the team, but don't be surprised if the Lions draft a defensive lineman early. Cliff Avril hasn't signed his franchise tender and is a fair bet to leave in free agency without a long-term deal. Kyle Vanden Bosch turns 34 in November, and Lawrence Jackson, who has played 11 games each of the last two years, is a potential free agent. The Lions drafted first-round defensive tackles each of the last two years and have more stability at the position, though Sammie Hill and Corey Williams can both be free agents after the season.
"Anytime they say leave, I'm out of here," said Attorious DaCosta, 75, as she waited for her son, who lives in Eatontown, to pick her up. "A lot complain but I don't. If you have to go, you have to go."
We'd tell you what he said right after that but, as if on cue, the microphone cut out again.
Last year, MAGNET worked with companies to develop and bring to market 115 new products. It also reported helping manufacturers create or retain more than 1,400 jobs, according to MAGNET's annual report.
Connectivity and wayfinding, including directional signage and the ease in moving around town.
Phelps is probably headed back to long relief when Andy Pettitte returns to the rotation Sunday against Seattle, ending his one-year retirement.
That plan, an agreement between House and Senate Democrats, keeps in place a delayed payment to schools that Senate Republicans said ensured its failure in the Senate.
According to the Transportation Security Administration, about 700 full-body scanners have been deployed at more than 180 airports in the United States since 2007. However, there are about 450 airports that have federal security, according to the TSA.
Five pastas are equally well executed. Pici ($15), thick, doughy noodles, have a bit of elasticity and enough substance to stand up to a fine dice of pigeon livers balanced with fresh sage and sweet bursts of peas. Wild nettles find a home in many pasta dishes, too; one night the distinctive greens were paired with Gorgonzola dolce latte and lonza, a cured pork loin ($15); another night they were mixed with sunchokes roasted in embers and flavored with bottarga, cured fish roe ($15.50).
In what could be interpreted as a move to inject an element of transparency in the procedure for awarding abatements, former Jersey City Mayor Glenn D. Cunningham pushed through an ordinance requiring lobbyists for developers to be listed with the City Clerk's Office.
Some theater critics are weighing in on the $65 million musical even though it doesn't officially open until March 15, a move that violates the time-honored agreement between producers and journalists.
Detectives in the Kansas City Police Department’s assault squad said they could not recall another case in which so much ammunition was expended.
The firm had Mayor Francis Slay's blessing and city staff cooperation. It was funded by billionaire financier Rex Sinquefield, one of the mayor's largest donors, and also the economic engine behind Prop A. Sinquefield has now given the campaign nearly $11 million.
Throughout the afternoon, Orban focussed on narrow technical issues and sidestepped sweeping criticism from almost everyone but his EPP party in the legislature.
"The lethal blow ... was a message to Obama that the real Afghans are not those who sign such a pact of slavery and selling out their land," the Taliban statement said. "The true Afghans are whose who deal the deadliest blow to the invading enemy."
Dec. 9 Dallas, 1:00
"Otherwise, we might be a socialist country like Germany with free healthcare, low unemployment, world-leading exports, a growing manufacturing sector, multi-week standard vacations per year, a low crime rate and enough cash to bail out the rest of Europe.
The sheriff deserves praise for endorsing a sensible plan that will close an aging and notoriously violent jail and free up bed space for more serious defendants awaiting trial. But he can't do it alone. The proposal requires cooperation from the courts and the district attorney's office on setting bail and reaching plea agreements.
1210 W. Boston Blvd., $65,000
And there isnt sufficient attention given to capital infrastructure during this term of ... legislation to make it possible or these communities to make it own their own.
You could cherish the same hope -- as well as some dramatic flavors -- in June's smoked fish presentation. Smoked trout on one visit, tuna belly on another, it features intensely perfumed fish with a texture contrast of crunchy cauliflower, all in a pool of bagna cauda infused with garlic and smoke, something to wake up your mouth no matter the darkness.
Sacrificing coaches and managers temporarily satisfies the public's lust for accountability and change, but anyone who thinks that Gardenhire is the source of the Twins' problems is focusing on the dented rim instead of the smoking engine.
The agency, which paid $1.1 million for the property, agreed to sell it to Cumberland for $500,000 - a price motivated, in part, by the prospect of bringing more businesses and public-transit users to the neighborhood through Pace's $15 million project.
Eighty percent of the world's illness is caused by fecal matter, George reports. Diarrhea -- usually caused by feces-contaminated food or water -- kills a child every 15 seconds. Ninety percent of the world's sewage ends up untreated in oceans, rivers and lakes.
Walnut floors run throughout the four-bedroom, four-and-a-half bathroom house, including the study and library. Each room also features built-in shelving.
In truth, they are building on strong foundations. The Olympics represent the latest chapter in a rebirth that has seen the deprived Cockney town of caricature evolve into a beacon of urban regeneration, home to the best of London's ethnic cuisine, diverse entertainment and progressive arts.
Editor's note: Comments have been turned off on this column because Cleveland.com will be unable to monitor them today.
Baseball caps, with sayings including "Don't Tread on Me" and "Enjoy Conservatism" cost $10.
"I'm excited about her," McCluer coach Phil Wollbrinck said of Edwards. "It's the most excited I've been all year."
OLD BRIDGE — Sorrow, anger and fear of ethnic persecution have permeated the South Asian community in Old Bridge where residents are struggling for answers to why a respected Indian scientist was savagely beaten to death outside his home last weekend.
220: Ben Andrew, Mesa, 45-1.
The city's hotel owners voted on the room surcharge through a mail-in ballot process, which began last month. The deadline for submitting ballots was 8 p.m. Monday. Of the votes cast -- which were weighted by the size of the hotels and the revenues they generate -- more than 92 percent were in favor of the tax.
WASHINGTON -- President Barack Obama declared unequivocal support for gay marriage on Wednesday, becoming the first president to endorse the politically explosive idea and injecting a polarizing issue into the 2012 race for the White House.
"After that, I try to make sure my son keeps his face out of Dragon's but look at him," Reeves said. He nodded at Dragon, who lay in a patch of sunshine on Reeves' living room carpet, napping on his back, belly exposed.
Bicycling around the square, "I was quite surprised by how normal things are — by contrast with 9/11," said Charles B. Strozier, who heads the Center on Terrorism at Manhattan's John Jay College of Criminal Justice.
Lehman, who will be playing college tennis at Johns Hopkins in Baltimore, had not lost a game going into the championship match.
Laurie Taylor-Mitchell and Julie Sugar, Baltimore
When Gibson had her class read a play, the boys were hesitant at first. Eventually, they fought to read parts, even the female roles.
"We believe there are a lot of distressed assets out there beyond Atlantic City," he said. "Atlantic City is the core of the company, but for any one company to put all its eggs in one basket is dangerous."
The bicycles are made without a chain and have special tires to reduce the possibility that they will get a flat or break down during their trip. Riders will need to bring their own helmets.
Let safety and other considerations be your guide, of course, but try to move in and "fill your frame," says Charles Dharapak, an AP staff photographer in Washington. "If you can get closer, I'd say the results will be sharper."
W — Not reported.W — Quintana, 5 K's, 5 BBs.
Chris Perez got the final two outs of the game to record his ninth save of the year as the Indians took the last two of the series after dropping the opener.
Lowe's and Habitat for Humanity of St. Charles County seek local women to volunteer for a day at Habitat's Enclaves at Eisenhower development, off Salt Lick Road in St. Peters, during this nine-day event. Construction or home improvement experience is not necessary.
Check out the draft successes and failures of the Cleveland Browns. Or find a list of all the Ohio State Buckeyes ever drafted.
"The biggest problem I have is the fact they want to be allowed to grow (outside) in residential neighborhoods," said Lake County Supervisor Rob Brown. Many cities prohibit outdoor marijuana growing because it attracts theft and the smell can be powerful, even sickening to some people.
What does the homeowner get when you're finished?
The Census Bureau disagrees.
The center began to ease its ties with the Go! Network last year as it became clear that supporting the needs of the unemployed in a lengthy jobs crisis would detract from its core mission.
1 1/4 cups applesauce
I also learned to listen to the masters in their respective fields, from my four mentors in life who guided my career in international investment, agricultural development and publishing to a multitude of both historic and current figures. "It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change," notes a quote attributed to Charles Darwin. What correct-thinking wisdom! There still is so much to learn from the greatest thinkers of current and past times.
So what jumped out at coach Andy Reid and the Eagles' decision makers to separate Cox from the rest of the many talented defensive tackles in this draft class?
Benedict also has yet to accept resignation offers from three other Irish bishops who were linked to cover-ups of child-abuse cases in the Dublin Archdiocese, the subject of a government-ordered investigation that published its findings four months ago.
A fountain might sound like a surprising addition when you're thinking water conservation, but even though recirculating fountains lose some water to evaporation and splash-out - the East Bay Municipal Utility District estimates that about 1 to 4 gallons per square foot of water per year gets lost to evaporation from pools - it still uses a lot less than the water lost to a large turf grass lawn, and the pleasure that people take in the sound of water can be well worth the trade-off.
"Our country is in a fight. It is a fight for our economic future," O’Malley said during his speech. "It is a battle for jobs and opportunity in a changing new economy. And the choices we make as a people right now will very much determine what type of future our children will have."
"We don't have the margin of error to make mistakes defensively right now," Van Gundy said.
The Knicks should feel lucky he didn’t get either gig. Because few guys are as well equipped between the ears to deal with the noise that is endemic to a New York spring.
COASTAL
"He's ready to move up," Veach's mechanic, Ron Weaver, said. "He's mature enough, talented enough. He's not perfect, but he has learned enough to get in a more powerful car.
Black Hair Wigs
Susie Chasnoff, 60, of University City, a participant in Occupy St. Louis, says the acts of vandalism were not official actions by the Occupy St. Louis movement.
“I’ve always been inquisitive and stubborn, and those traits have stood me well in nursing,” Tipton said. “I want to know why and then what we can do about it.”
But the civil union legislation took years to pass and was not without controversy, so Thursday evening we’ll have a discussion on our Chicago Live! stage about the issues surrounding the new law. Rick Garcia, a longtime advocate for LGBT rights and founder of the Illinois Federation of Human Rights, and Rev. Bonnie Perry, rector of All Saints Episcopal Church in the Ravenswood neighborhood, will talk with Tribune reporter Manya Brachear – and they’ll stick around after the show to meet and talk with our audience.
Best man Prince Harry received the ring Thursday and is responsible for its safekeeping until the couple are wed at Westminster Abbey.
Time Warner, HBO's parent company, charged that sum as an "impairment" in its quarterly earnings report.
"There's a lot of things that need to be looked at, and we could revisit this as well," said Dutton, who drives a 2005 Chevy Tahoe under the program.
What happened: Firms including Standard & Poor's and Moody's rate bonds to help investors analyze the risk and return trade-off. Critics say the rating agencies masked the crisis by giving inflated grades to mortgage-backed securities underpinned by subprime loans. Critics also contend the rating agencies harbored actual or perceived conflicts of interest, because the investment banks that packaged those securities for sale to investors are the ones who paid for the ratings. Of note, the diversification created by linking dozens of mortgages to a given security didn't help lessen risk as expected.
"I'm looking forward to playing with Rory for a long time," said Flower, who closed with a 3-under 69. "It's awesome. It's a long wait, but well worth it."
Still, industry veterans aren't ready to read the display cluster's obituary. Pixelworks founder and longtime CEO Allen Alley, now deputy chief of staff to Oregon Gov. Ted Kulongoski, said he thinks some electronics manufacturing may migrate back to the U.S. within five to 10 years.
One only has to look at two recent and similarly high-profile cases to see that the wheels of military justice turn slowly.
Gingrich tells "Fox News Sunday" that Romney has done little to bolster his own campaign and instead has focused on attacking his competitors. The former House speaker says conservatives should rally behind one candidate and punish Romney's negativity.
According to the Air Force, each of the sleek, diamond-winged aircraft costs $143 million.
Sound far-fetched? Plenty of skeptics, including a fair number on Wall Street, question whether any of this actually works. And even if it does, it would be Wall Street professionals who benefit rather than people actually using the sites.
Brett Favre wins his first of many … err, what was expected to be at least a couple. Desmond Howard’s electric contributions in the return game garnered him MVP.
Some other players Durnin is counting on include junior third baseman Eric Woodley, who hit .350 last year and earned second team all-SNC honors, senior second baseman Andrew Johnson, senior outfielder Micah Ray, junior starting pitcher John Struttman and junior outfielder Daryn Henson.
Konstantelos said she intended to file an appeal.
Both are unique and tied to other Symon restaurants in the area and will be open before and during all events.
American Airlines’ three largest unions have agreed to support a possible takeover offer from US Airways Group rather than remain independent, three people familiar with the matter said.
The tournament shall consist of:
Travers and Tremayne Johnson were 17 when they were accused of burning a female pit bull, later nicknamed Phoenix, so badly on May 27, 2009, that the dog had to be euthanized. The case revived attention on animal abuse in Baltimore and provoked outrage from animal-welfare advocates.
Leigh White, who has been encouraged by Mallory as a new writer and has been reading for 10 years with Poetry at Alta, says that extra dimension is what Mallory himself bring when he performs his works at the coffeehouse.
Most of Walter's fortune, Wealth-X says, derives from his stake in Guggenheim Partners, a 12-year-old firm founded with family money by a descendant of Meyer Guggenheim, the industrialist and mining magnate who came to this country from his native Switzerland in the 1840s.
Using the rate it pays on banks' excess reserves to tighten credit would be a new strategy for the Fed. Since the 1980s, its main lever to adjust credit has been the federal funds rate. That's the rate banks charge each other for loans. It's now at a record low near zero.
After the ejection, Bynum kept smiling as he high-fived teammates on the bench and a handful of fans in courtside seats before walking slowly across the court to the locker room. He finished with 16 points and seven rebounds in 23 minutes.
WASHINGTON—The Supreme Court said Monday that jails can strip-search all inmates, including those held on minor charges, in an ideologically divided 5-4 ruling penned by Justice Anthony Kennedy.
Yes, I recognize that women can also be abusers. One of the people arrested for questioning in connection with Diane's death is a woman. But the point remains.
He said it will put officers in the impossible position of trying to enforce the law without racially profiling, will make minorities reluctant to report crimes and will cost departments money they can't afford for training and to fight lawsuits.
3. N.J. police officer tried to set up sexual encounter with 12-year-old girl, authorities say. Steven Vigorito Jr, a Passaic County police officer, sent a 12-year-old girl explicit photos of himself in uniform and tried to set up a sexual encounter with her, authorities said. He pleaded not guilty to the charges.
The gushy reconciliation: Priceless.
In addition, detectives recovered evidence from Waters' computer that showed he had researched how to build and shoot weapons. He had solicited the help of two other students to compile a list of students and staff members to kill, police said.
Ian Stuart, STM's dominant lineman, has had Padua on his list of potential high schools from the start. His older sister Margo is a junior there, so finding transportation wouldn't be difficult. He particularly likes that Padua has girls -- a benefit helping to balance out the fact that the high school has a less prominent football history than all-boys schools such as St. Ignatius or St. Edward.
Customers who went to the stores before calling for a rebate number had fewer problems.
An investigation concluded that Leite, who oversaw Caniezo's campus research department, had broken the school's sexual harassment policies. She was subsequently reassigned from her $188,000-a-year job as head of the research office to an adviser's role that paid $175,000.
first park will honor area residents who serve in our country's armed forces - past, present and future.
Dan Capshaw, a consultant with the California-based Shiftwork Solutions LLC, a firm that helps companies design and improve their shift work schedules, says that often it's the employees who choose the schedule, rotating or otherwise, to fit their family situation, work preferences or a desire for the higher pay these shifts usually bring.
The Deep Blue Sea
Burger and onion rings from Duane’s Ono-Char: Tucked into a valley on the road from Kapaa to Princeville on Kauai, this burger stand usually has a half-hour wait to get your grilled sandwich. It’s worth it. Get the great onion rings and try not to share any with the roosters in the picnic area.
Juneau said the work would have taken about a year to finish; he had planned to start construction in the spring.
Be likable: A tough assignment for some, that's for sure. But Cialdini's research has found that a little easygoing pleasantness can be just as persuasive as talent or actual ability. Perhaps unfairly, looks count too: A study of Canadian elections, for example, found that attractive candidates received more votes than their less-blessed opponents,, even though voters claimed they didn't care about appearances.
Cam Newton started strong, completing 9 of 14 passes for 147 yards and two touchdowns in the first half as the Panthers built a 23-7 lead. But Newton was intercepted twice in the second half, including once on a poor decision where he tried the shovel the ball ahead with his non-throwing left hand as he was falling to the ground. The result was a gift interception for Falcons linebacker Mike Peterson.
National City Police Department, 1200 National City Blvd.
"I honor these people in there," she said. "They're making an important statement for the 99 percent."
The Carlstadt fire was one of many brush fires that have broken out in New Jersey and New York this week, mostly due to dry conditions, low humidity and strong winds.
Since 2004, the state has awarded $27.6 million to JumpStart. Roughly half that money was for investments, with the remainder for services. The state money required a private match, to be used for the same purposes.
Written by "South Park's" Trey Parker and Matt Stone with "Avenue Q's" Robert Lopez, "The BOM" leads all 2011 Tony contenders with 14 nominations, including the coveted best musical prize and -- for O'Malley -- best supporting actor in a musical.
Weve got to get this straight: Its not about Prince and me, Cabrera said. Weve got 25 guys, its about the Detroit Tigers, its about everybody here. We feel comfortable about everybody here so lets play ball and play hard.
The draft can be a time of celebration or disappointment for prospects. Harnish says he doesn’t want to set himself up for sorrow by waiting next to the TV.
No reason was given for the resignation by Downey. Calls to Downey and Susanna Niermann O’Neil, the vice city manager, were not returned.
The Tigers announced Marte will open the season on the 15-day disabled list. Left-hander Duane Below will take his place in the bullpen.
Peyton was comfortable with Elway, Fox and owner Pat Bowlen. He was comfortable after visiting the Broncos first. "I knew Denver. I've been to Denver." He spent a week with Todd Helton, his close friend and predecessor at quarterback with Tennessee, and worked out with the Rockies (and took batting practice) during the NFL lockout.
The player stopped short of criticizing Marquez, a Mexican star who once played for Barcelona. Salinas said it's not his place to judge whether Marquez should be given a suspension by Major League Soccer's disciplinary committee for the play late in the first half. The group could make a ruling by Wednesday.
25238 Chestnut St., $55,000
The governors' cooperation hasn't produced a headline-grabbing accord such as the one between O'Malley and McDonnell's predecessor, Democratic Gov. Tim Kaine. Those two stood side-by-side on the banks of the Potomac River in 2008 to announce a ban on harvesting blue crabs in winter months, a development that is credited with a rebound in the population.
Many dance teams are now considered to be a part of their school's athletic department. One can "letter" in dance. This is huge. But as a proud parent of a former Southwest High School dance team Lakerette, I still cringe when I hear the "-ette."
In a new report called “Paying Taxes to the Boss: How a Growing Number of States Subsidize Companies with the Withholding Taxes of Workers,” Good Jobs First lists subsidy programs that cost states almost $684 million annually in lost tax revenues. In Missouri alone, the amount approached $173 million between 2006 and 2011.
As part of the donation, an in-store demonstration on how to use the defibrillator in case of an SCA emergency was provided for some of the Market’s staff.
Or maybe his medium made him do it.
Gonzalez said there had been an overwhelming response to the initial announcement for a vigil and march to the nearby "Freedom Bridge" -- an Interstate 5 overpass where there are frequent military-related demonstrations.
Mike Shipley, news director for the station, did not return a call asking for comment about the changes.
øNow, does whether you have children or not have anything to do with whether you have the right skills and background necessary for the job, the things he should be asking you about?
For more information on SheaXero, visit www.sheaxero.com or call 1-800-685-6494.
Crews this month finished installing a second new press, a smaller B-sized line. Joy Hatcher, the engineer who's been handling the upgrade project, said it should be running test parts in January and up to full production by March.
Thomas headed for prep school: Queens native Jevon Thomas will not be attending Dayton this fall, his brother Datalia Holness and AAU coach J.R. Rodriguez of Team Melo told The Post. The 6-foot point guard, who signed with the Atlantic 10 program, remains committed to the Flyers, but feels he needs another year of developing. He is set to graduate from Quality Education (N.C.) this spring and will attend a prep school in the fall.
After scoring only one run in a pair of early-season setbacks, West showed signs of life on offense and overcame three errors in the bottom of the seventh inning to earn a 5-4 victory Tuesday afternoon at Collinsville.
"I needed to be able to put my credentials before people and tell my story," she said.
At the time of the girl's disappearance, Anthony, a single mother, and Caylee were living with Anthony's parents, George and Cindy Anthony, in suburban Orlando, but she would often stay with her boyfriend.
The Missouri Society of Eye Physicians and Surgeons employs three lobbyists. That compares to 11 for optometrists, who last month picked up St. Louis County's lobbyist, John Bardgett, and four of his associates.
Tucson Amphitheater coach Ben Hurley said he thought for sure Russell was going take the last shot himself in the final 12 seconds of the Division II state championship game. But, after breaking the full-court press, Russell bounced a pass to cutting teammate Sam Engler for a layup with three seconds left that gave Peoria a 50-48 victory and the school's first title since 1984.
They didn't even try to notify us by phone, email or letter. This seems very sneaky and underhanded. I wrote them two emails, but never got any reply or explanation.
New Deal projects employed the state's residents, put food on their tables and brought electricity and phone service to their homes. They spanned our rivers with graceful bridges; carved new highways and wilderness trails; built airports, parks, schools, post offices, courthouses, dams, the state Capitol and more.
The 2011 draft class lacked the can't-miss left tackle such as the Miami Dolphins' Jake Long and the Cleveland Browns' Joe Thomas, so Angelo did the next best thing. By landing Carimi with the 29th overall pick, he injected attitude into a toothless unit that not only allowed a league-high 56 sacks but failed to consistently open holes in the running game.
Afghan and American officials finalized the text of the document on Sunday after a year and a half of negotiations during which it often seemed that the deal was likely to fall apart. They went through 23 drafts before both sides were finally satisfied, Spanta said.
Such words make Tim Brown happy.
Suttner, 92, laughed coyly. "Well, I enjoy doing it," she said.
They were once part of the Roman Empire. They served as a camping stop for Caesar. Italian dictator Benito Mussolini once controlled some of these islands.
Instructions: Bring all the ingredients to room temperature. Center a rack in the oven and preheat to 350°. Grease and flour, or spray with cooking spray, an 8 1/2- by 4 1/2- by 2 1/2-inch baking pan.
Harrington came back with a three-pointer of his own and Bryant once again answered with a basket for his 11th point. Corey Brewer cut the lead to two but Bynum got it back to four with two free throws. And Bryant finished it off with a three and suddenly the lead was seven.
U Ben Bruckerhoff, jr., Clopton
Even as they tout their own budget proposals, Jordan and LaTourette say they also intend to vote for Paul Ryan's plan.
You only have to attend the 51-year-old Volunteer Center Orange County's annual "Spirit of Volunteerism Awards" to feel good about humankind. More than 270 volunteers were honored at the non-profit's 33rd annual awards luncheon April 14th at the Disneyland Hotel in Anaheim. Among those making it happen were event chair Jessica Blanche of Rutan and Tucker, VCOC President/CEO Dan McQuaidand former VCOC board chairman Bill Ford, who served as event emcee. Honorees were recognized in the following categories and presented by the following individuals: Arts - Michelle Jordan of Rutan and Tucker; Law Enforcement - Orange County Sheriff Sandra Hutchens; Human and Community Services - Jordan and VCOC COO Tim Strauch; Health - Heather Herdof Rutan and Tucker; Animals and the Environment - Sharon Hartshorn, past "Giving is Living" honoree with husband Terry; and Corporate - McQuaid.
Dear P.T.: There are so many themes and so many decades recalled for spring that no one saying is appropriate. But to me the most interesting new clothes for someone your age combine disparate elements. To borrow the slogan of The Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas, these are the clothes that have "just the right amount of wrong." Examples: A fur jacket with shorts and biker boots, a nylon bomber jacket with a fancy tulle skirt and unlaced tennis shoes, a classic cashmere sweater with knee-length sequined skirt over jeans stuffed into hiking boots.
This contrasts, to a large degree, with sentiments expressed at a recent meeting of Abingdon's community council. At this session, it became a point of contention as to whether the council should act as an advocate, or simply as a conduit for information.
11:58: Quinn is in the chamber.
By 2010, 2,100 showed up, prompting a move the next year to a bigger venue, the Suburban Collection Showplace in Novi. This year, organizers expanded the event's floor space to accommodate more vendors, cooking demonstrations, exhibits, a food court and more attendees.
Ross Capon, executive director of the National Assn. of Railroad Passengers, called Metrolink's two previous crashes "plain bad luck."
The Lakers never led by more than three points until Hill's follow-up dunk made it 80-76 with 7:13 remaining.
First asked is mild-mannered Bruce Banner, now occupied doing good deeds in the slums of Calcutta but once known and feared as the Incredible Hulk. The doc is willing to help, but is understandably worried about "what happens if 'the other guy' says no." The talented Mark Ruffalo is the latest in a long line of Hulk portrayers, and perhaps the best.
With slowing sales and increased competition in the world's largest car market, a strong presence at the Beijing auto show that opens today is crucial for Detroit's automakers.
The downturn in the economy has found people eating in more, or searching out comfort foods at restaurants. This helped spawn the latest interest in the simplicity of the grilled cheese sandwich. More restaurants are including a version, often adding grown-up flourishes, such as smoked jalapeños, sauteed mushrooms and fancier cheeses.
Q: What did you come away with after the experience?
"People may still be using the system as much as they were, but they're not paying as much into the system," said Prasad. "Obviously, raising the gas tax is not an option in the current environment."
NYCB has a month from the date of the Dec. 4 acquisition -- actually, until nearly the middle of January because of holidays and weekends -- to notify the FDIC which employees it doesn't plan to keep on board.
In the master suite, features include his-and-hers vanities made with onyx countertops, a claw-foot tub, simple bronze chandeliers from England and an understated-yet-grand bedroom with a king-size bed.
"Hiya, thanks for stopping," Flaurie says over the crackly speaker system. "Can I take your order?"
- In San Francisco, about 200 people took over a vacant building owned by the local archdiocese and targeted in previous protests. Two men on adjacent rooftops lobbed pipes and bricks at officers.
One of the inductees is Millville’s Matt Menz.
Peter Mangarella, New Brunswick’s police director, publicly criticized Rutgers for failing to address the city’s security concerns. On Monday, Lt. J.T. Miller, the department’s spokesman, said the police director "respects President McCormick and the university’s decision to cancel Rutgersfest."
But I realized with astonishment that it had been 40 years since I had expressed a feeling so spontaneously to a black person -- so pervasive and encompassing and overwhelming is the race-consciousness our society. Los Angeles and Simi Valley demonstrated how adept we have become, we whites, in shutting out our recognition of the essential humanity of all peoples, in consigning those of other races to their own worlds and living within our own.
Experts say some ecological switch apparently got flicked somewhere, because red admiral butterflies apparently decided to leave the warmer confines of the South and migrate north.
Sound familiar? Yet the Seahawks (5-7) have won three of their last four games and cling to slight hope of a playoff berth as they prepare to face the Rams (2-10) on Monday.
He's still not sure how to react when Reyes walks into Citi Field for the first time Tuesday afternoon as a member of the Miami Marlins. Throughout all of last season, the thought of Reyes wearing a color scheme other than royal blue and orange seemed to be a formality. But it wasn't until the dynamic shortstop signed a six-year, 100-plus million dollar deal with the Marlins that it all sank in for Wright.
"It's all they've got," Black said. "They can't run on his record."
But other changes are afoot as well. Thanks to passage of Proposition P, a $15 million bond issue, Hancock Place will spend $4 million of that money to renovate the "Tiger Dome," its high school gym. The district also will spend $3 million to build a new middle school gym and spruce-up the cafeteria in the high school.
Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan acknowledged in a conference call that overdraft fees were generating a lot of income. But the bank was also losing customers who were often taken aback by the high hidden fees.
-- Many travel contracts -- contracts that obligate you -- include a "forum" clause that limits the jurisdictions where you can bring legal action. With some cruise lines, including Costa, clauses require you to sue in a foreign court. As far as I can tell, U.S. courts have been inconsistent about enforcing forum clauses.
"It's a double-edged sword," Maxey says. "It's not like they've been drinking for 40 years (and asking) 'Where's the Silver Oak, dammit?' "
Dohany Street Synagogue, 2 Dohany St., District VII; 1-343 0420, http://www.dohanystreetsynagogue.hu. Europe's largest synagogue can be visited on an English-language tour. Open 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Sundays-Thursdays (until 6 p.m. March-November) and 10 a.m. to 2 or 3 p.m. on Fridays.
Is this not an exorbitant rate increase? Are such increases controlled by state and/orfederal law? As a concession, the company offered to keep the premiums the same if we agreed to lower benefits under our policies. Do we have any recourse?
St. Louisans can expect a semi-cool weekend, with highs in the upper 80s today and Sunday.
Everyone's in a good mood before the American Cancer Society ball. The ladies go shopping and get Sally a dress because she wants to go to the ball with her "papa." "Papa" said the French way.
PolitiFact Ohio already had done the "grunt work" and found that the examples cited by Mandel's campaign failed to back up his claim, hence the Pants on Fire rating. Right or wrong, Mandel vowed to repeat the assertion "again and again" and said he sees no downside.
But at noon, when the hotel fire began, San Mateo's six engines and one ladder truck were already scattered, their firefighters running from blaze to blaze and digging through fallen homes looking for survivors.
A bridge across cultures
-- After rain: Do not ride mountain bikes on wet trails, skid downhill or trek across meadows in national forest. The scarring left behind can last for years.
The numbers on the Common Core site — which reflect the 2009-10 school year — are the same as those Horn said are wrong.
"Now I have not been on an airplane since 1995 because I'm scared of flying but if I needed to get on a plane to see my baby I was going to do it," she said. "I didn't know where I was going in Washington, but I was GOING."
So far, O'Malley has announced his intention to allocate roughly $100 million of new borrowing to school construction, $15 million to rental housing development and $14 million to the state parks. Roughly $20 million in spending has yet to be announced but will likely involve environmental projects such as storm water and sewer improvements, according to O'Malley chief of staff Matt Gallagher.
Teplitz argued the board was going against two prior resolutions — passed in 2010 — that stipulated the DRPA would no longer finance economic development projects apart from the operation of four Delaware River bridges and the PATCO High Speed Line. The DRPA spent $300 million in the name of economic development between 2002 and 2009 — equal $150 million allocations for both New Jersey and Pennsylvania.
Tony Parker had 19 points and Tiago Splitter added 18 as the Spurs improved to 11-1 overall, 6-1 at home.
Yesterday we asked Yahoo employees to tell how angry are they, exactly?
Hancock County's coroner showed up staggering and smelling of alcohol early Thursday at the scene of a death investigation, police said -- a scene, they added, where her services were not even needed.
Instead, over the next two decades, the 62-year-old minister in rural Elkader, Iowa, began hearing the stories of gay men and lesbians. Sometimes the people he spoke with were gay, sometimes they were people with gay relatives. The conversations caused him to rethink his long-held views and eventually shifted Klosterboer's stance to a point where he supports the right of same-sex couples to get married.
Each year, most California students take statewide benchmark exams called STAR tests. Depending on how they do, they are scored as advanced, proficient, basic, below basic or far below basic. The test results have big implications for schools under No Child Left Behind; parents can transfer students away from schools that consistently perform poorly.
Where: 29710 N Cave Creek Road, south of Tatum Boulevard.
"In some jack way, I was kinda relieved" he admits after a few weeks of seeing his therapist.
JAY-uh-shree. In India, it's BID-ree. In America, it's bi-DARR-ee.
The Heat put it away midway through the period, when Wade made a jumper before Chalmers hit twice in a row from behind the arc to make it 77-62 with 5:40 to play.
Jobs are the top priority for both men, and both would seek to curb outsourcing of manufacturing overseas. A simpler tax code and changes to, not repeal of, the health-care reform act are on their agendas.
There are seven men who survive the crash, and then there are six, and so on. Ottway, thanks to his training as a hunter and the fact he's the lead guy in Carnahan's script, takes charge, trying to figure out how to get through the fierce, frozen forests - and how to avoid being eaten by a pack of seriously angry wolves.
In the awful comedy "Grown-Ups," there's a scene in which Chris Rock is freaked out when Maria Bello breastfeeds her child, who is "48 months," as her husband Kevin James sheepishly offers. I'm thinking that was not a favorite movie of the La Leche League.
The Sacramento State-bound player has El Dorado off to an 11-0-1 start. Last year, he batted .343 and was 4-2 on the mound.
He also is looking for a SportsCenter Top 10 highlight.
"We've been in every game so far this season and tonight we found a way to finish and get the win," Preds coach Bret Munsey said.  "We've got as good a group of players as anybody in the league, and we've just got to believe in ourselves and stay positive."
Monitoring the patients
"The best thing about working with Nike was this is just not a uniform," said Rutgers athletic director Tim Pernetti. "Nike did a great job helping us tell a story. In telling a story we wanted to do a bunch of things. We wanted to honor our mascot, the Knight. We wanted to illustrate what the mascot is. We went as far as to implement battle `scars' on these uniforms.
"It's very special,'' Luck said during a news conference beforehand. "A franchise with a great history of winning. It's great to be part of that now and to try to keep that level of consistent winning."
Former U.S. Rep. Pete Hoekstra of Holland, who leads the GOP race to challenge Stabenow, had a 28% favorable rating. That compares with 29% in January and 26% in November.
“Schools need to get parents involved in their children’s learning. They need to promote and enhance the academic success of children. School need to have a school climate which demonstrates respect, trust and belonging. Families need to spend quality time together,” Mary explained.
Since 1991, Las Vegas Events has produced, presented or supported more than 600 events, including the Las Vegas Bowl, NASCAR Sprint Cup and Craftsman Truck Series, Aviation Nation, NHRA Drag Racing, Rolex FEI World Cup Finals, U.S. Olympic Team Trials for Wrestling and Judo and their signature New Year's Eve production, America's Party.
Chen, 40, became an international human rights figure and inspiration to many ordinary Chinese after running afoul of local government officials for exposing forced abortions carried out as part of China's one-child policy. He served four years in prison on what supporters said were fabricated charges, then was kept under house arrest with his wife, daughter and mother, with the adults often being roughed by officials and his daughter searched and harassed.
While surgery has been an option many doctors used, it often left tremendous scarring, usually required skin grafts as well and, worst of all, didn't eradicate the HS.
Ultimately, said SIUE's Hafer, relocation decisions hang on a single factor.
Sullivan turned his attention to Rivertoni, and instructed him to lay his guitar flat on his lap, strings facing down. The two practiced drumming with their fingers on the wooden backs.
Mickadeit may be reached at 714-796-4994 or fmickadeit@ocregister.com
In the bedroom, lime serves as a much more muted accent – on accessories such as vases and pillows. "We balanced lime's stimulating effect with serene and relaxing elements," Brigham said. "We complemented it with the raisin color on the wallpaper on the bedroom and retreat walls. We repeated the touch of warmth with chocolate colors for all wood surfaces."
A loving wife, mother, and grandmother, Sylvia was survived by her sister Cele, her husband Thomas, daughter Charlene (Richard) sons Roger (Sandy) and James (Mary), grandchildren Casey, Carrie, Crissy, Michelle, Nichole, Maria, Thomas, Angela, and Gian Christopher; great grandchildren, Justin, Tristin, Austin, Adeline, Catlin, Michaela, Kimmie, Shaylene, Nathan, Matthew, Mason, Alex, Cooper, and great-great grandson Gabriel.
For the full report, see sfg.ly/j8AIPV.
A dedicated group of less than 100 rallied on the side of the Statehouse near the Democratic caucus room, chanting "Kill the bill" and "Come November, we will remember."
I can't see how. As Matthew 19:24 tells us, it's easier for a deep Colt McCoy pass to go through the eye of a needle.
Palms Casino & Hotel
"When the shadows hit the bottom of the rock, the red color really stands out," said Jim Hammons, the park's chief ranger and a 22-year veteran of the valley. He likes the solitude too. "I live on site," he said. "I'm away from the noise and traffic. ...This is my backyard, and I don't have to mow it."
Martinez was convicted last year of committing multiple murders during the commission of a burglary, special circumstances that qualified him for a possible death sentence. But the first penalty phase ended with a jury hung 11-1 in favor of death, setting the stage for second trial this year.
Source: Doctrinal Assessment of the Leadership Conference of Women Religious, Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith.
But I wonder if that was the best?
As Tumblr approached 100 employees this year and brought on executives to lead operations in finance, engineering and human resources, Mr. Maloney's skills as a generalist manager became less relevant, people familiar with the situation said.
It is less a comment on marriage than on the notion that marriage is the holy grail of a woman's existence, the finish line of her life's hopes, dreams and goals. That is a fable upon which the Walt Disney Company built an empire. But the fable is not confined to the multiplex. To the contrary, you can see it played out on a weekly basis in the headlines of any given publication in your local supermarket checkout line. Consider one of the most recent big stories from the Land of the Beautiful People.
"This is a fairly clear-cut signal that inflation is not on their radar at this point," Tom Porcelli, an economist at RBC Capital Markets, said in a note to clients.
Goodwill and intangible asset charges rose to $525 million, from $30 million a year ago. When adjusting for those costs, the company said selling and administrative expense declined to $1.64 billion, from $1.75 billion a year ago, reflecting cost reduction initiatives.
Critics argue the system created a system of haves and have-nots that favors bigger boats, freezing out fishermen who didn't meet the criteria for permits. Bettencourt remains one of a handful of Pillar Point fishermen who trawl for groundfish, even after selling two of his permits to the Nature Conservancy, which has been buying up the valuable licenses as part of a campaign to cut down on the practice of fishing with drag nets.
Dee Luo, 16, was also one of those who took the test at Clayton.
Grosse Pointe Park police ignored Joseph Gentz's initial request for a lawyer after he claimed, while in custody for three days, that he killed marketing executive Jane Bashara, according to several people familiar with the case.
"She's a very good player," Young said. "Very strong on the dribble. She knows when to look for her teammates and when to keep it."
As of April 1, Kyrillos had $1.4 million in the bank to Menendez’s $9.5 million. And a Monmouth University/NJ Press Media Poll released last week shows Kyrillos is virtually unknown outside of his legislative district: Just 19 percent of New Jersey voters recognize his name. The same poll found voters approve of Menendez’s job performance 40 percent to 25 percent, while 35 percent have no opinion. But when asked if Menendez should be sent back to Washington, 32 percent percent of voters say no and just 26 percent say yes, while 41 percent are undecided.
Class AA Springfield hitting coach Derrick May will serve on the West Division's coaching staff.
"Probably a fanned shot by Arnie (Jason Arnott)," Elias said. "He fanned on it in the slot, so it kind of trickled and threw off everybody's timing. I know (Dan) McGillis reacted to it and I snuck behind him and threw the puck in.
the balance three months after going into administration.
CB: Ifo Ekpre:Olomu, Bronson Yim
"This is our chance," the Democratic governor said at an afternoon news conference with House and Senate Democratic leaders. Together they urged the Legislature's GOP leaders to get moving on the stadium bill, but Republicans who control the House decided the hoped-for debate and vote would not happen Saturday.
The same isn't true at Labadie, they say. In fact, a report prepared by Robert Criss, a Washington University professor, identified several dozen private wells along the bluffs near Labadie Bottoms that could be at risk of contamination. Contaminants could infiltrate from shallow alluvial soils to the deeper Ozark aquifer tapped by residents for drinking water, according to the report.
With most banks tightening up on issuing credit cards and many lowering credit limits, cash looks golden.
"I'm finding lots of good deals," she said, while comparing prices on the Blackberry. "But they're still a little too pricey for the budget."
In the $750,000 Beverly D. for 3-year-old fillies and mares, Cheetah, Dubawi Heights and Fantasia are from Britain, Stacelita is from France, Éclair de Lune is from Germany and River Fetez is from South Africa.
The funds are kept at the Treasury until the states identify uses for them, and then they flow through special nonprofit agencies, not state coffers.
The Kuberts recognize the difficulty of forcing change, but they’re approaching it with the same determination they’ve applied to their own recovery.
"If you're not mentally ready to play (today), then you don't deserve to be out there," midfielder Ryan Pore said.
Reserve Jordan Hill was big for L.A., posting a double-double with 12 points and 11 rebounds, and Steve Blake scored 10 points, including a key 3-pointer in the final minute as the Lakers overcame a six-point halftime hole and a 71-70 deficit heading into the fourth quarter.
He has answered every question put to him, Mauzy said. "There's nothing more that Mr. Cook can do."
As America's gas supply grows this summer, the industry will be looking for ways to push levels back down and prices back up. Major natural gas producers such as Chesapeake Energy Corp. and ConocoPhillips already have slowed down the flow of gas from their fields. Storage owners and pipeline operators also are expected to accept fewer shipments as they run out of room. And utilities likely will increase their use of natural gas to run power generators, accelerating a shift away from coal power that is building steam.
Two weeks ago, head Judge Margaret Walsh resigned during a judicial commission investigation of allegations that she ordered an assistant city counselor handcuffed last summer, used inappropriate or abusive language and tried to influence city officials when her son was turned down for a job.
The Broncos do have the financial resources and salary cap room, the source said, and are willing to do what it takes to sign Manning.
Crusty French baguette
Don't spend on Arch grounds
In Miami, "it wasn't even a minute," Jason said, "and Evens asked, 'Go fly?'
“Oh, hi Steeeeeve!”
"Is it the state's job? Yes, in fact it is," Rauner said. "It sure seems to be the state's job to take those children out of those situations and care for them, and pay for all the other services."
The next meeting of the UFO group will be held on Friday, March 16, at 7:30 p.m. at Boxelder Basin Wellness Retreat on Johanna Farms Road in Raritan Township. Refreshments will be served, and there is a small charge to cover expenses.
two or three wines for about 40 pesos, the most expensive tasting we encountered on our two trips. I bought a bottle of Angelica Zapata malbec 2006 for 180 pesos, about 25 percent less than what it costs in Brazil, which has high import taxes on wine. (Duty-free is still a better deal than the winery.)
North Bergen: $429,749
Behind it all is Capitol President Snow (a stately Donald Sutherland) who views the games as a tool of intimidation to keep the subjected districts in line.
Elias passed the puck behind the net to Parise, who was to the left side of Bryzgalov. He fought off Carle and stuffed it in.
Allice has coached Olympic gold medalists and NCAA champions.
At the apartment complex where the shooting occurred, residents were stunned Wednesday that no one noticed the boy's body until the next morning. Tammy Piazza said she heard two shots, then four more Sunday night about 10. "Honey, somebody's shooting out there!" she told her husband.
"We're actually selling out before we open," says Bryan Nadeau, Aquatica's director of operations. The current cabana lineup is 17 general, six poolview, two premium and one ultimate.
A No. 3 seed, Caliche (23-4) proved resilient in another way as well. The Buffaloes played with a heavy heart after teammate Cole Rhodes was killed in a January automobile accident. Shortly thereafter, Caliche lost four of six games before turning things around and winning the last five.
The web of who worked where, who paid a kickback or took a bribe and who is cooperating in the probe is tangled. It's sometimes hard to remember who has been charged, who has pleaded guilty and how long they might be locked up for their deeds.
øAfter walking away from the residence, Wood was arrested a bit later. He was released on his own recognizance. He qualified to be released on an I-bond signature.
"It's like Maxx's job is done now," Kristin says.
"The Waltons" (seventh season of TV series)
The commission's security team at the Horseshoe Casino Cleveland will be led by David Posten, a 41-year-old who comes to the position after two decades of working narcotics cases, including the last 14 years as a BCI agent. He will oversee a team of 10 agents working the casino floor and another agent focused on long-term investigations.
Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul stormed through the University of Maryland on Wednesday, delivering his trademark libertarian message of noninterventionism and hands-off government to a wildly enthusiastic crowd of students who chanted his name.
“We all just miss her laughter and her presence,” Hunter-Feeney reminisced, fighting back tears. “She loved life and loved her family.
"Either people are getting smarter or people are taking fewer chances," he said. "Maybe, the message is getting through."
The city has contended that there are not enough people who claim that officials took their property to meet the requirement for a class action.
''It's so cliche, but it's just prepare for the next one, one at a time." - Taylor Pyatt, Coyotes forward, on his team's 2-0 Western Conference semifinals lead over Nashville.
The mayor — who once called Vanderbeek a good friend, a mensch, and a lifelong partner of the city — has increasingly been at odds with the Devils over Newark’s contract with the team, negotiated by the previous administration of former Mayor Sharpe James. At issue was a dispute over the sharing of parking revenues, rent payments, and construction delays.
The mayor stopped short of confirming the gunman was fatally shot by at least one University of Pittsburgh police officer who responded. But he confirmed "police acted admirably and did engage in gunfire."
"I earn my dinner by going up and working out for an hour before I go home," Rothman says.
According to Paul Peditto, the DNR's director of Wildlife and Heritage Services, the increase has been scaled back in a way to make it more "family friendly" and to encourage junior hunters to get their licenses.
"I didn't invest in @dropbox because I'd been using GDrive at Google since '04 and assumed would publicly launch any day. Whoops," Sacca tweeted. "In the end, my lesson learned again and again? Never count on a big company beating a startup. Never."
Two years earlier, as the base realignment process begun in 2005 accelerated at APG, Justice arrived from Fort Monmouth, N.J., to head RDECOM and became APG's ranking general. With many of the operations that transferred to APG under BRAC also coming from Fort Monmouth, Justice was an ideal candidate to oversee the most demanding logistical period of the realignment process, many people at Friday's ceremony noted.
But Tom Gilmore, president of New Jersey Audubon, testified that if voters approve a bonding issue in November, the state could take advantage of real-estate deals and low interest rates. The cost to each homeowner, he said, would be just about $10 annually for 20 years.
Wallace and Valdez have been imprisoned for 11 years -- in separate cells (rendered with a suitably squalid minimalism by scenic designer Cameron McFee) near enough for conversation -- and systematically brutalized to no end that they can surmise. “I mean, what kind of place is it, Wallace, where they torture you and they don’t even want to know anything?” Valdez asks. “I’m no longer sure,” Wallace replies. “If there was such a thing as an engine that ran on human agony, I’d say that’s where we were.”
It's a working quartet, the leader says. We're rehearsing every week, and doing almost all new material, not doing the same old things. I've written some, and Will's written four or five new ones for the Blue Room show.
However, Colorado State Forest Service officials thought it was more likely that they'd be able to put out fires before they got that far, partly because of crews and water on site. The plan, released Friday, also states that forest thinning would help protect those homes from a potential wildfire in the future.
But at the end of that process, Democrats will face a stark choice: Do they side with organized labor, or with a plan that gives children in the nation's second-poorest city a better chance to succeed?
2010 Tablas Creek Patelin de Tablas Blanc Paso Robles White ($20, 13.5%): This spring, Tablas' Jason Haas debuted his solution to what I call the California Cotes-du-Rhone problem (see sfg.ly/iWk5YD). This new weeknight tier of Tablas comes from nearby vineyards ("patelin" is slang for neighborhood). As a baby brother to Esprit de Beaucastel, it's got surprising depth - subtle mineral and Viognier accents to its tangerine fruit.
O’Brien told the paper she had a premonition the day before the disaster, experiencing "three warnings."
√ Rasheed Abdul-Haaq 1,100
Nick Clements hosts an evening of up-and-coming Portland comedians including Dax Jordan, Luke Clements, Ahmed Bariska, Joseph P. Larkin and others.
But this is about knuckleheads, not race.
What a joke - Rams and the Cardinals. All you people all these years wasting your money parking, tailgating, buying food. I've bought new cars, gone on vacations. I've done everything. I've never been down there for 15 or 20 years wasting my money. I sit right here and watch it for free.
Gov. Pat Quinn has said he'll decide whether to sign it before March 18.
“We are concerned about the release of witness information to the general public, solely due to safety concerns. There has been a lot of animosity and emotions caused by incomplete and premature disclosure of information. Because those emotions still run so high, we want to do everything we can to protect the sanctity of the process and the safety of the witnesses. No good purpose will be served by a media frenzy directed at witnesses,” the site said.
31 KPMG Accountancy 365
The bizarre collection of costumes, from the flowing capes of Norse gods to the shield and patriotic bodysuit of Captain America, is something Whedon makes light of in the screenplay, which he co-wrote.
"The open question is whether that's a one-time spike or the start of a period of higher increases," said Drew Altman, the chief executive of the Kaiser foundation.
The policy came under fire from conservative groups and drew protests in South Orange and Maplewood. Opponents organized an "illegal" night of Christmas carols, Hannukah songs and other musical pieces in December 2004, according to Muise’s petition to the U.S. Supreme Court. The policy covered religious songs of all faiths, but Muise said his client’s case was brought on behalf of Christmas songs.
He said renovation of the Assateague bathhouses, at a cost of $2.1 million, is an example of a project that is overdue.
Only Granite City and Highland have scored runs against the left-handed Silkwood, a junior who has committed to Kansas. She is 14-0 with a 0.16 earned-run average. She has fanned 209 while allowing just eight hits and 13 walks in 89 innings pitched. At the plate, Silkwood is batting .500 with two home runs and 20 RBI. She has struck out only once in 58 plate appearances.
Women's prayer breakfast
After wrapping up a press conference with Florida Sen. Marco Rubio in Chester Township, Pa., Romney came back to the microphone to state his position on student loan interest rates, an issue Obama also plans to discuss this week. Obama will travel to several university campuses to repeat his call for Congress to act before interest rates on student loans rise.
A few hours later, at 6:30 a.m., the runners will start up, taking off from Timberline Lodge on Mt. Hood for a relay run that would cover 197 miles.
A year ago, after a yellow, mustardlike substance seeped out of its side, followed by an army of ants, I sadly phoned Joe the Stumpgrinder.
-- On United (including former Continental hubs), Denver and Houston beat Washington/Dulles, and all three beat Chicago, Newark, and San Francisco.
Chrysler controls about a third of the U.S. minivan market, but rivals are nipping at its heels. The Chrysler Town and Country was the top-selling minivan in the U.S. last year, with sales of 112,275, or about 4,000 more than the Honda Odyssey.
A later start to the walleye season has resulted in the largest member of the perch family being "the most abundant fish species" in Deep Creek Lake, according to Al Klotz, Western Regional Fisheries Manager for the Maryland Department of Natural Resources.
Weaknesses: Inexperience is his Achilles heel. He hasn't shown the ability to run by big-time corners at his level. He sometimes has trouble adjusting to poorly thrown balls. Being tested early in camp will give the greatest indication of Quick's ability to handle the jump in talent.
ICASI Student Cafe Benefit for Chardon: 11 a.m. Saturday, March 17, at the International Culinary Arts and Sciences Institute, 8700 Mayfield Road, Chesterland. Register online at lpscinc.com or call 440-729-1110.
Makes 6 mini or 2 regular loaves
"Hey, Miss Bonnie, wanna see me walk?" he asked. "No wait, hugs first," he said, grinning, as Boenig scooped him into her arms.
Time Warner's cable TV networks, which include CNN, TBS, TNT and HBO, saw revenue grow 3 percent to $3.6 billion. The company benefited from strong ad rates, better timing of the March Madness basketball games and higher fees collected from U.S. cable and satellite TV distributors to carry the channels. That was offset partly by a decrease in content revenue; last year's quarter got a boost from licensing HBO's "Sex and the City" to other cable outlets in the U.S.
Sen. Bill Hamrick, R-Carrollton, introduced Senate Bill 445, which was pitched as a way to streamline the system of issuing more than 450,000 licenses, including nurses and other health care professionals, and to speed up procedures to hear complaints against professionals.
Park View has about $713 million in deposits and $886 million in assets. It ranks No. 14 in market share in Greater Cleveland.
A strolling violinist provides acoustic effects at Restaurant Europa while orange-hued walls and copper-topped tables accent the decor. A frigid room devoted solely to drinking shots of vodka suggests a party atmosphere. The menu, meanwhile, features many Old World dishes that are likely to be familiar to native Eastern Europeans. Yet I'd venture to guess that the flavor and style of such fare will appeal to others in the county, no matter their heritage. The Russian salad, served cold, is an excellent example. A small mound of diced eggs, pickles and chicken is studded with peas and bound together with well-seasoned mayo. Pickled eggplant plays the starring role in another delicious salad served very cold and featuring tomatoes and carrots in a thick, sweet dressing. Borscht, a soup of beets and cabbage, is another fine way to launch a meal at Restaurant Europa. Stewed tomatoes and sliced carrots play supporting roles in several dishes I sampled, including the excellent stuffed cabbage. The robust dish also features good minced beef and rice encased in tender cabbage leaves. Carb-laden dishes extend to desserts, the best among them is blini -- fried bread that's stuffed with filling and rolled up in the manner of a crepe or blintz. Service is friendly and knowledgeable.-- David Farkas, Special to The Plain Dealer
I get the universality of the human condition; I understand that we are all sinners, that we all share the same brief moment of life, that we all put our pants on one leg at a time, etc.
East Coast Classic
I would love to see a thriving aviation community in Leesburg, but this isn't the way to do it.
The city consulted with him and other business owners about the streetscape plans. So far, Ever said, he likes what he sees - and hopes would-be customers do, too.
øTypically, you need to spend money faster than it comes in: hiring staff, purchasing materials or inventory, renting facilities, buying equipment.
Interesting exchange in the nature vs. choice debate as the Proposition 8 trial plows ahead. Proposition 8 lawyer Howard Nielson Jr. continues to press UC-Davis prof. Greg Herek, a plaintiffs expert who has testified that gays and lesbians for the most part do not have a choice in their sexuality, contrary to the position of same-sex marriage foes. In an attempt to underline his point, Nielson read portions of deposition testimony from Kristin Perry and Sandy Stier, who described their evolution toward realizing they are lesbians (they both testified to this at trial, as well).
And it's fantastic news for Lionsgate, which has grown from a maker of low-budget genre films such as "Saw" to a major player in Hollywood, thanks in part to its recent acquisition of "Twilight" studio Summit Entertainment.
Tip for home bartenders: Don't be afraid to make mistakes, and don't be self-conscious about it. "Invite friends over, and when you mess up, laugh about it."
The greatest risk to planes landing at night without controller assistance at a big airport like Washington's is that they might collide with equipment or maintenance workers since most runway maintenance work is performed overnight, Elwood said.
Firefighters used the "Jaws of Life" to peel back the roof of the Prius and extricate a driver and two passengers, Tyler said. In order to safely remove the trio, crews had to disconnect and de-energize the vehicle's electric lines.
David Ferman, who lives in Questover Canyon subdivision, said he opposes the Hughes' proposed lake, which would be 200 yards from his back door.
Wyatt pays $400 a month for the two-bedroom house he shares with his physically disabled fiancée and 9-year-old son. He has lived there nearly nine years.
eBay told police the "bidhighuwin" account belonged to Ficek, who lived in Homer Glen at the time and had sold 1,500 items in the previous two years, according to court records, making $196,000. He also worked at the Forest View terminal, police said, and had 17 live auctions in June 2010.
If elected, he plans to focus on the foreclosure crisis that his hit Cleveland hard.
With so much data at their fingertips, unscrupulous collectors can wreak havoc on people struggling with unpaid bills.
Friday's crucifixion was the 26th for Ruben Enaje, a 51-year-old sign painter. He began his yearly rite after surviving a fall from a building.
As he prepared for the 100m breaststroke competition in Shanghai, Norway was thrown into shock by the massacre of 77 people and Dale Oen struggled with his emotions in the aftermath, touching the Norwegian flag on his swimming cap every time he entered the pool deck.
9164 E. Stockton Blvd., Elk Grove, (916) 686-4411;
Over the decades, theories as to Earhart's fate have multiplied -- some people have speculated that Earhart and Noonan were U.S. agents captured by the Japanese before World War II. Some even said she lived on an island in the South Pacific with a native fisherman.
"We use choir as a carrot," said Jackie Rose, the arts program director.
Even those not in the top 10 continue to make academic gains. The median API score for local schools in 2010 rose 13 points.
"But there is also a stick, and the stick is this: If they are unreasonable. If they are unwilling to negotiate in good faith, the state of Ohio will do everything we can, within the powers we have, to make sure the company pays a price for that decision."
Moving up to the 10 year old boys, Jack Gertie led the way winning the 50 free in 29:69. He also won the 100 Individual Medley in 1:14.96 and the 50 fly in 33:27. He finished the day placing second in the 50 breaststroke. Bryan Harvey captured a third place finish in the 50 free. Deacon Donaldson won gold in the 50 back with a time of 35.75 while Connor Fagan took the bronze in that event.
American Momentum Bank, based in Tampa, Fla., agreed to assume all of the deposits from the two banks and to buy essentially all of their assets.
Earlier this week, Christie put a freeze on all new work because of growing concerns the project may go as much as a billion dollars over budget. "We’re in a 30-day mode to have somebody give me a realistic idea of how much money is at stake here," said the governor.
Photo finish
"I heard a metallic sound  zzzzzz," something he thought he'd heard before. "I likened it to the movie 'Backdraft,' " he said, describing a rapid whoosh of expanding air preparing to erupt.
Cooney, 42, works in the Patrol Services Division in Hermiston. He has worked for Oregon State Police for 13 years. Mayer, 30, is assigned to the Fish and Wildlife Division, also in Hermiston. He has worked for Oregon State Police for seven years.
Smith broke the deadlock in the 34th minute. A corner kick by midfielder Alex Nimo found Smith at the top of the six yard box square on goal. The defender powered a header past Kitsap goalkeeper Dustyn Brim for the lead.
Written by Portlander Brent Rogers with his Texas-based brother, Klay, it feels like its aimed for audiences more willing to embrace the redneck cliches that permeate its characters. (Whether Southern audiences would be more or less forgiving of garage denizens such as the Hispanic who wants to teach people to cha cha or the black ex-con who makes Katt Williams look like Sidney Poitier, I cannot guess.)
At 11 p.m., a 19-year-old man was standing on the sidewalk in the 500 block of North Springfield Avenue about when a green car stopped in the street and a backseat passenger shot him, police said. The suspects then fled northbound. The man was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital with a gunshot wound to the thigh and is listed in "stable" condition.
8913 North Av, $53,500
DiBiasi, who surrendered to the State Police Official Corruption Bureau, is accused of receiving the bribe from a person who was hired as county sheriff's investigator in early 2005, according to the statement.
The Americans Elect alternative, Webster contends, "would give a higher level of independence to the more centrist or moderate candidates who feel now that they have to concede on issues of policy and platform to the more extreme groups of their own parties."
Hearing Vanecko's name, Kohler said he then remembered that they had gone to the same high school, Loyola Academy in Wilmette, and had "a couple classes" together.
Reynolds, now 37, had worked on John Edwards' successful U.S. senate campaign in 1998 and had quickly bonded with his wife. Both women grew up in military families and had moved around a lot as children. Reynolds worked as the research director and a senior communications adviser to the 2008 presidential campaign and recently joined the board of the educational foundation named for Elizabeth Edwards, who died in December of 2010.
Her roles over the years included director of administration, director of information technology and director of clubs. San Diego Democratic Party Executive Director Ryan Hurd described Mrs. Mang as "very savvy with technology. She very quickly adapted to Facebook, website design and data bases."
As he thumbed through its pages, Schmidt struggled to find any blank spaces. Nearly every hour of every day was marked with an appointment, meeting or event tied to the Rutgers University campus where Pamela had gained acceptance to a prestigious master’s program just days before she was found dead in a Cranford basement.
“The state does not have billions of extra dollars on hand, an undeniable consequence of continuously reckless spending and borrowing decisions and poor planning by past administrations,” he said. “The governor has repeatedly stated his recognition of the benefits of the project, but that does not change the current fiscal mess, which must be fixed before we could move forward with something of the size and cost of this project — which, by the way, was too heavily weighted in funding responsibility for New Jersey to begin with.”
Bobbi Johnson, Shriner and other former appointees described constituent services as the special forces of Ficano's army of appointees. They said that while the department did some county work -- such as organizing picnics for senior citizens or helping efforts to get lead paint out of homes -- they did a lot of political work, too.
The new fee is designed to ensure the city would not need to dole out money to cover operational costs, as it has in the past, Mayor Richard Dell’Aquila said.
forward for any of the four statewide seats up in 2012, all of which are held by Democrats.
Strangely, though, Mickelson is one of the few players who thrives on competition with Woods. He did next to nothing the tail end of 2008 when Woods was out with knee surgery, and didn't win on the PGA Tour until the week Woods announced his return.
Aaron H. Anton was a pharmacologist who warned against excessive pharmacology.
The worst part of Game 3 was also a Red Wings goal. Late in the second period, Johan Franzen, after a mad Detroit skirmish near the Nashville net, took a loose puck and fired it in. The red light lit. But so did the blue light. And when the smoke cleared, blue beat red by about a tenth of a second. A goal that would have tied the game was ruled never a goal at all.
Two tests of Peterson's urine samples by the Las Vegas-based Voluntary Anti-Doping Association reached the same failure finding, according to a report Kizer said he received Monday from Dr. Margaret Goodman, VADA chief executive and a former ringside physician.
In addition to Woodyard and Oklahoma Joe's, the hourlong episode includes Fiorella's Jackstack, BB's Lawnside, LC's and Rosedale's, with detours to Stroud's Oak Ridge Manor in the Northland, the Savoy Grill, the Cigar Box and Town Topic.
Several dozen elected officials and business leaders turned out Tuesday for the unveiling of technology developed by a Canadian company capable of turning waste from more than 500,000 Washington County residents into 1,200 tons of high-grade, phosphorus-rich fertilizer annually.
In September 2007, before he had even played an NBA game, Oden had microfracture on his right knee.
“It also drives me to surf even harder,” she said. “A chance to surf an event like this is really amazing. It's a real honor to surf with them, so it's really cool.”
And some parts of the story at Hospice of the Comforter — such as $200,000 worth of bonuses to CEO, tied partly to patient counts — aren't in dispute.
Two weeks ago, she said, former Bay Area activist Cleve Jones approached Obama and handed him a binder with more than 40 stories of workplace discrimination to help make the case for presidential action. Obama accepted the binder without saying anything, Cronk said.
The car was towed away and life at Franklin High resumed as usual. Just another Friday the 13th.
"If a parent thinks football is too dangerous I can't try to convince them it's not," Mesa Desert Ridge coach Jeremy Hathcock said. "It's a dangerous sport, no question about it. But at the high school level, I don't think you're going to have that propensity to have brain mush."
I spend it in North Scottsdale where I live with my brother, Corey. I didn't make into Cleveland this winter. From what I heard, that's a good thing with all the snow. I spent a lot of time at our new complex in Goodyear working out. It's like the Taj Mahal and a great facility for us. I made it home to Seattle a few times. My parents live here in Tempe, so we are all pretty close.
Three Lions, all members of last years draft class, have been cited or arrested for four different marijuana-related offenses over the last three months.
Cleveland (6-8) was a bit lethargic in Tuesday's return from a seven-game road trip, a 105-95 loss to Golden State, but it was flat-out bad Friday. Reigning MVP Derrick Rose sat out for Chicago, but the Cavaliers couldn't come close to taking advantage in a 114-75 loss - the worst at home in franchise history.
Marijuana is indelibly associated with food, whether it is chemotherapy patients using the drug to try to develop an appetite, or, farcically, a couple of stoners with an overpowering case of the munchies in "Harold & Kumar Go To White Castle." Secret "herb dinners" with appetizers, entrees and desserts are reported in newspaper food sections. One restaurant chain, CHeBA HUT, is based on a marijuana theme. And patrons of the World Famous Cannabis Cafe in Portland can get a burger or lasagna packing a pot punch in between choruses of karaoke.
"I wish we had built them all with basements," said Rich Knowland, Lennar's regional vice president.
Benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude for August delivery lost 24 cents to settle at $96.65 per barrel Wednesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, used to price many international oil varieties, added a penny to settle at $113.62 per barrel on the ICE Futures exchange in London.
"That's my son!" he says, pointing to a wounded boy with white bandages on his legs, arms and back. "That's my brother and that's my nephew!" he says, pointing to a body on the floor in a pool of blood and another on a gurney. The wounded boy, who a narrator says is five, lies on his stomach and appears very frightened by the mayhem around him.
Trevor said he always knew he wanted to be involved in films. His mother, Patti, had worked as a producer for CBS News and other organizations, and runs Filmsters, an annual film camp for kids in Annapolis. Trevor remembers her taking him to movies all the time at the Westfield Annapolis Mall and Harbour Center theaters. Dad Geoff preferred watching movies with him on TV.
The governor’s office would not respond to inquiries about what CMAQ funds could be used for or if any projects that meet those requirements remain unfunded.
Leadlove didn't play varsity last season, so he's finally getting a chance to show what he can do.
“Braces can change your outlook.”
ø"With our team, there is no reason we should be down three games right now," right wing Matt D'Agostini said. "But we are the type of team that is very capable of coming back in this series. There is a lot of promise still in this room and we have a lot of belief in our guys and what we can do, so don't count us out just yet."
No clemency application was filed for Smith's co-defendant, JosephAllen, an unemployed sanitation worker who police keyed in on as a suspect because he had a criminal history that involved child molestation.
Oakland University Brass Band: With conductor Kenneth Kroesche, 7 p.m. Sun. Varner Recital Hall, Oakland University, Auburn Hills. 248-370-2030. $8.
That it finally happened Monday, a year and two days after his death, made it bittersweet but no less thrilling for his family, friends and fans.
Following the plan would save the district the most money, River Grove parent Carmit McMullen said, and enhance its investment within the district’s smallest school, which is also the only building that qualifies for federal dollars aimed at school with large low-income populations.
“I have a good time. Every moment, every encounter, every person is a gift to me,” West says, sitting in his Princeton office lined with shelves upon shelves of books. “I think I have lived one of the most blessed lives of the latter part of the 20th century and beginning of the 21st century.”
Hall, the Ma Petite Shoe customer who wore her Campbell color-blocked shoes the night she purchased them, goes online to make sure she doesn't miss the release of collaborations between the designer and the boutique. She knows that once the specialty shoes have been sold, they're gone for good.
Tell us how it all began.
The hearing will determine whether there's enough evidence to court-martial Bennitt, who also faces charges of wrongful use and distribution of controlled substances, and conspiracy to use controlled substances.
Scoring for the Lady Bruins were Brittany Mackulin (111-7; second), Alyssa Gerbic (103-0; fourth) and Julia Milano (93-11; 15th) in the discus relay, the 3,200 relay team of Micaela Carroll, Gina Jakubowski, Renee Kraft and Sara Chmielewski (10:40.15; sixth), the 800 sprint medley team of Olivia Wasco, Annie Printy, Nicole Trapp and Amanda Jancewicz (1:55.86; sixth), the distance medley team of Jancewicz, Trapp, Adams and Chmielewski (13:27.61; fifth) and the 1,600 relay team of Becky Love, Jancewicz, Adams and Trapp (4:27.80; seventh).
“Safe,” though, is back to stripped-down action, smoothly made (the opening sequences, which cut on parallel actions to set up parallel stories, are particularly well done).
Until his death last week, at the age of 20, this is how the years had unfolded for the naturally gregarious young man from Santee, say those who knew him well.
The plan is to complete the work, and open the temporary detour to the motoring public, at 5 a.m. Monday.
The trio combined to start all 16 games and play 1,057 defensive snaps last year, and now free-agent signing Atari Bigby and special teams ace Darrell Stuckey are the lone players on the position's depth chart.
"Climate change will require a radical shift within design practice from the solid-state view of landscape urbanism to the more dynamic, liquid-state view of waterscape urbanism," says Danai, who is involved in several projects based on this principle. "Instead of embodying permanence, solidity and longevity, liquid perception will emphasize change, adaptation."
In a large bowl, combine flour, egg, salt and enough water to form a soft, elastic dough. Roll dough to 1/4-inch thick. Cut dough into 3-inch circles. Put about a teaspoon of meat mixture in center and wrap dough around, pinching top. Place in a bamboo steamer over simmering water. Steam for 20 minutes. Top with garnishes and drizzle plate with soy sauce and vinegar.
“A whole generation has grown up with no sense of the Orioles being any good at all,” he said.
The tunnel leading from the hospital to the parking garage elevators -- formerly lined with photos of Rainbow physicians -- will become "Tree Alley," with bright, leafy trees affixed to the walls. The very-businesslike parking garage elevators will be remodeled with new materials to resemble treehouses.
Down in timber country, Douglas County Commissioner Doug Robertson calls the proposal to shoot barred owls an example of "dysfunctional" forest policy. Counties like his depend economically on federal timber, which Robertson says is managed to benefit a species that can't be recovered.
The rally thus far has been remarkably resilient. Since the March 9 low, the biggest pullback in the Dow during the second quarter was a 3.6% decline in late April.
Mostly, though, the answer can be found on a magnetic resonance image somewhere in the East Lansing area. It shows that freshman Branden Dawson has a torn anterior cruciate ligament, which means he is done for the season. And that changes everything for Michigan State.
The Falcons signed Vick to a 10-year, $130 million deal in 2005, but Vick eventually filed for bankruptcy after a conviction on dogfighting charges. As part of a $20 million settlement, Vick was ordered to repay part of his signing bonus from that deal to the team.
Assemblywoman Cleopatra Tucker (D-Essex), a deaconness in her church, said she also struggled over her decision.
“Never ... not even once.”
Elliott emerged as the area's top junior football prospect after a breakout season this fall when he led the Bombers to a 13-2 record, their second straight Missouri Class 3 runner-up finish and first-team All-Metro honors.
Luck vows to make the best of whatever talent he has around him. (At the youth charity event Wednesday, he managed to throw a long touchdown pass to a tyke as time expired in a passing drill).
Rep. Mike Thompson, D-St. Helena, said he was "a little shocked" when asked three days ago whether Pelosi was in trouble. So Thursday, as the Pelosi news conference was blaring on every cable TV network, he said, "I've been asking around on the (House) floor, and people just look at me like I'm nuts."
Its funky festival started nine years ago as a way to kick-start the busy vacation season and support local farming.
"That's what you do when your feet are off the ground," Ramirez said. "But when your feet are back on the ground, it's a whole different world."
"You don't have the luxury of giving up a lot of runs (when Cueto's pitching)," Correia said. "He was good. He was good tonight."
Wednesday's COLA announcement comes as a special joint committee of Congress weighs options to reduce the federal government's $1.3 trillion budget deficit. In talks this summer, Obama floated the idea of adopting a new measure of inflation to calculate the COLA, one that would reduce the annual increases.
As the economy gets better, investors want to see if banks can improve their core businesses of writing loans, issuing credit cards and advising on corporate deals.
Another key issue is whether Facebook can someday expand into China. It's shut out now. China's government blocked Facebook as well as Twitter after the social media services were instrumental in anti-government protests in Iran two years ago.
Looking further ahead, Romney will probably lose a majority of the remaining contests in March, April and May. Some of those potential losses, such as in delegate- and evangelical-rich Texas, could be devastating for a candidate who wants to appear inevitable. Three months from now, Romney's now sizable delegate lead will look less imposing.
Hollywood steers clear of the subject altogether, and faith-based filmmakers tend to eschew reality to avoid letting their movies become too “edgy.”
The news caught many in the animation community off guard, especially since Laika’s first film, “Coraline,” was a critical darling and a commercial success, with global ticket sales topping $120 million.
Not only will our children still learn from their teachers, our streets still be guarded and house fires still extinguished, the best and the brightest -- not just someone who's been on the payroll for decades -- will be out there getting the job done. Public administrators will now be able to staff based on need, not seniority. Those responsible for collecting our money will now have to answer to us on how to spend that money.
My grandmother's coconut cream pie is made from a cooked custard similar to a creme anglais, which is thickened with egg yolks and corn starch. The thick custard then is poured into a prebaked pie shell, topped with meringue and baked. But as much as I love that pie, I felt the need to tinker. I wanted the same flavors, but with less work.
Suharso Monoarfa, a former government minister who now has interests in the aviation industry, said he was invited on the flight, but had to cancel at the last minute.
The money will go toward programs that focus on housing for low and moderate income people and emergency shelters. One program in Chicago assists people with HIV or AIDS and their families with housing issues.
In 2010, Braves right fielder Jason Heyward batted .277 with 18 homers and 29 doubles at the ripe age of 20. He was declared a future superstar, one of the future faces of baseball. In 2011, he batted .227 with just 14 homers. Heyward, of course, is still just 22, the same age as Hosmer. But baseball people will tell you that sophomore slumps happen. You can't predict this game.
With an unyielding liberal stance rendered in savage black and white, Conrad both thrilled and infuriated readers for more than 50 years. He won three Pulitzer Prizes, a feat matched by only two other cartoonists in the post- World War II era.
While LCWR did not respond to repeated requests for comment, Sister Simone Campbell, Network's executive director, said she was "stunned" that the Vatican document would single out her group, probably over its support for health care reform.
"Today" drew 5.5 million viewers, while "GMA" had 356,000 fewer tuning in. On Monday, the gap dividing them was 333,000 viewers.
In theory, the district spurs investment and construction, and when the district expires, the land inside is more valuable than it would have been.
I'm reading the New York Times, though as the evening wears on and I encounter the simple goodness and intelligence of the cooking and take stock of how this restaurant feels so different from everything around it, I begin to imagine it's the International Herald Tribune.
Terri Carr, long-time SCORE business counselor in Orange County, is well familiar with the hard work and passion that local women entrepreneurs bring to their ventures. "I'm not surprised because Orange County is a hotbed of entrepreneurs period," she said.
The kicker? Much of this "free money" actually will come from . . . our own pockets. After all, the cost of any federal handout is ultimately borne by taxpayers -- and New Yorkers bear a disproportionate share of the federal tax bill.
But the everybody does it defense wont hold up with Commissioner Roger Goodell, and it wont hold up in the court of public opinion. On the radio Wednesday morning, a news anchor posed the question, Do the Lions have a serious problem on their hands? The short answer is, Of course they dont. But the fact that the question was even asked makes you wonder if some fans feel like they do have a serious problem on their hands.
Buffett said that he recently was negotiating a $22 billion acquisition that didn't work out. He wouldn't disclose the details, but he used the transaction as an example of the biggest acquisition Berkshire would make right now.
But Sen. Roger Manno, a Montgomery County Democrat who sponsored a tax bill, said he doesn't want to go back to a conference agreement that left him and other senators dissatisfied. He said the Senate should pass its original tax bill again and restart the conference.
A Streetcar Named Desire: By Tennessee Williams. Previews begin Feb. 28. Runs March 6-24.
Shantel L. McMullen, of Arlington Avenue, was charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and possession of a weapon for unlawful purposes, reports said.
"One of the people I’m running against, Sen. Santorum, goes to Washington and calls himself a budget hawk. Then after he’s been there awhile says he’s no longer a budget hawk," Romney said. "Well I am a budget hawk."
Experts claim Johnson, a Conservative Party lawmaker from 2001 to 2008, has a political ace in the hole: an ability to shrug off controversies that would wreck another's career. His calls for looser ties to Europe and lower taxes have cheered grassroots Conservatives. Livingstone has been a stalwart of Labour Party politics for four decades and was once a fierce opponent of ex-Conservative leader Margaret Thatcher.
The Supreme Court commissioned Doyne’s report after the Education Law Center, a Newark-based advocacy group, filed a challenge to Christie’s more than $820 million in cuts to state aid for schools last year. Christie’s proposed budget for the coming fiscal year restores $250 million in state funds. The governor has said it’s unrealistic to expect the same level of state aid amid dire economic conditions.
Worries over the radical fringe have risen at a time when tensions are growing between the generals who succeeded Mubarak and other Islamists over a host of issues — including the fate of the military-backed government, a court case looking into the legitimacy of the Islamist-dominated parliament and the selection process for a 100-member panel that will draft a new constitution.
Many of the marchers cut their participation short at San Antonio Park, refusing to go to City Hall after hearing of the clashes Occupy was having with police there. Those who did continue to City Hall left when the march ended, packing up their signs and banners.
When bears find food in an area, they adapt to that environment thinking it's a home range, even when there are people nearby. They often return, especially if there are no other male bears around they have to fight for food, water and space, Churchill said.
During practice Monday, Williams said the coaches installed "quite a few'' new sets aimed specifically to get him open. Plus Williams plans to take a different mindset into Game 2 on Tuesday night with Derrick Rose out.
Other changes may be coming too as the National Park Service considers overhauling management of the iconic granite dome, which rises nearly 5,000 feet above Yosemite Valley. Thousands each year make the grueling trek to the top, aided by a 400-foot-long cable system in place during warmer months.
LaMichael James places: Oregon football player LaMichael James finished fifth in the 100 meters with a time of 10.72 seconds, and anchored Oregon’s 4x100 relay to fourth place in 40.36.
She serves on numerous school committees and donates time to prepare for Litzsinger events. Topp also is active in other organizations that benefit Litzsinger students.
"We got underneath the years of telling the stories," Fox says. "They were always the best stories, and always good, but he had flattened some of them by repetition over the years.
"No doubt it was a terrible thing to happen, but it could have been much worse," Doehner wrote. "I feel close to all the people who suffered a loss due to the accident."
"As a general rule in someone who is healthy and has been healthy for some time, I'm not sure they need it," he says. "Unfortunately, in our society, how many people are in that category?"
The Skinny: The Musketeers advanced to the regional semifinals for the fourth time in five years. Xavier went most of the Lehigh game without Dezmine Wells, who injured his right toe in the first half and did not return.
Leconte: Portland Berth 305
Naturally, we embraced the early season, taking long walks, puttering around the yard and maybe even pondering global warming a bit after a nearly nonexistent winter in which it snowed only a handful of times.
The uninsured may not have homes or rental units to return to for the foreseeable future.
RTA reported ridership of 44.7 million in 2010.
Those folks are miffed that Mizzou abandoned the Big 12 Conference and subjected the remaining schools to much unwanted angst as the league scrambled to survive.
Also order: The XO noodles ($5.50) are irresistible. The tightly rolled noodles are sliced into finger-length pieces then charred in the wok and tossed with a spicy sauce. If you are in a large group, be sure to try the roast suckling pig ($18), a platter of crisp-skinned, mouthwateringly tender pork. The tea list is extensive, including organic and specialty offerings for $1.50-$2 per cup.
Oakes added he found a lot of North Ridgeville residents weren’t even aware his
Hockey has had some similar problems, you probably know. But that sport’s issues with brain injury are rarer than football’s and ostensibly easier to fix. Stop in-game fighting and you have a chance at reducing the most serious long-term consequences.
Place cut vegetables into a separate resealable plastic bag and pour remaining prepared marinade over all. Seal bag, removing as much air as possible, and place in refrigerator to marinate 3 to 4 hours, or overnight.
Jon F. Hanson, head of a commission proposing a sweeping remake of the state’s gaming and entertainment industries, has disclosed that, after months of negotiations between the state and billionaire Stephen Ross to rescue the Xanadu project, a second firm has entered the talks.
Median home value: $625,000
The outdoor group built a shallow 24-foot-long pool in an outdoor pavilion with a bank of electric fans to provide steady wind for the vessels — although they would vary the speed for different races. A video camera was set up on a tripod for instant replays of any close-call finishes, to minimize whining.
On the boys side, Fort Lauderdale St. Thomas Aquinas (21-3) eliminated Oviedo 19-5. RJ Moore had nine goals (seven in the first half), and Eric Goldenberg added six.
Meanwhile, Kleem had arranged for a woman to visit Dimora's hotel room that night.
Based on the Marvel Comics series, "The Avengers" cast includes Robert Downey Jr. as Iron Man, Scarlett Johansson as Black Widow, Samuel L. Jackson as Nick Fury and Mark Ruffalo as the Incredible Hulk.
When McDonnell sacked most of the Virginia Port Authority board, state Transportation Secretary Sean Connaughton told reporters the governor was not happy with production at the agency. In part, the decision may have been influenced by politics — McDonnell is a Republican and the board was made up of appointees of his Democratic predecessors — but Connaughton also pointed to the port's performance.
Despite losing the best quarterback in Baylor history, Briles called it a day of celebration for all that Griffin has meant and stood for at Baylor, both on and off the field.
He handed the buckets with ornery fish down to children, who carried them to the lake and released them.
Now, we have made great strides over the last two years in using technology and getting rid of waste. Veterans can now download their electronic medical records with a click of the mouse. We’re selling acres of federal office space that hasn’t been used in years, and we will cut through red tape to get rid of more. But we need to think bigger. In the coming months, my administration will develop a proposal to merge, consolidate, and reorganize the federal government in a way that best serves the goal of a more competitive America. I will submit that proposal to Congress for a vote – and we will push to get it passed.
"Fifty Shades of Grey," first in the series, is No. 1 on USA TODAY's Best-Selling Books list, a spot it's held for two weeks. They are best sellers in the U.K., Australia and New Zealand, and nearly three dozen other countries will be selling them in translation soon.
Put Friday’s 1,500 in the “quick” category. Last week, with the Ducks scrapping for team points in a dual meet at UCLA, tactics ruled.
Washington Township High School teacher Sybil CohenWashington Township High School Art Teacher Sybil Cohen has been selected to participate in the 14th Annual Okumus/T.A.F.S.U.S. (Turkish American Friendship Society of the United States) 2012 Fellowships. As one of three educators selected from the Philadelphia area by the World Affairs Council, Cohen will take part in a 16-day study tour of Turkey from July 15-30, 2012.
Obama, speaking Wednesday at Lorain County Community College in the Cleveland-area town of Elyria, touted his support for investment in job training programs that connect community colleges with unemployed workers, programs he warned the Republicans would "gut" under their budget blueprint.
To add visual appeal, small cookie cutters can be used to create the steam vents in the top rounds of dough. Be sure to do so before placing the dough over the filling.
In "The Joy of Drinking," author Barbara Holland addresses the National Institutes of Health's "pompous treatise" against readministration of alcohol (more widely known as "the hair of the dog that bit you") to cure the hangover, for fear that it encourages alcoholism.
Budget committee members joined the meeting and echoed the concern, but determined there is no such thing as a sustainable cut.
comprehensive pre-Games trial of the Park and spectator areas,
Sara Bollinger, a 2003 graduate of Eureka High School, told the board she'd gone through gifted programs.
A company spokesman said the company has gone from 77 employees a year ago to 44 today.
At first I wasn't sure (because I'm vegetarian), but some of their menu does look good; especially the cheeses.
Enjoy this sunny day with a smile on your face and your head held high cuz u never know when the dark clouds will roll in
got the 12th pick,12team league,somebody help me....
Aight heat nation victory nite 2nite... Lets go heat
"#Mathematics is made of 50 percent formulas, 50 percent proofs, and 50 percent imagination." And #mathematicians prove this all the time!
screw everyone and come to Baylor
ready for georgetown
Act like a gentleman and you'll attract a lady. Act like douchebag and you'll attract nobody.
" She chose fire "
Have you ever fucked a Japanese girl?
Good thing I took a shower last night. I am way too lazy to take one right now.
Plans are going into motion now for the Urban Noise Spring festival... send us your band suggestions!
Will be going to turkey real soon anyone ever been up there any fine ass chicks over there
Kevin Garnett speaks his mind #thatisall . I'm not saying nothing else, he might curse me out! lol
How we perceive life directly impacts how we live it.
Watching Martin
miss you more <3
Rick, my crying towel was bigger.
Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat, smelly cat, it's not your fault.
Whether or not the company you are interviewing with requires it--you are showing respect when you dress business professionally
Hope you enjoyed the event!
Ugh, 2 and a half hours!^^♥
Little Bad Ass Nigga! To That Crazy Ass Nigga! To that Good Ass Nigga! To if I needed IT I can get it Ass Nigga! Now I need mine Ass Nigga!
hi lanett and friend
RT One of the only requirements for greatness is being willing to face the unknown with an AVID faith in yourself.
Who else hates Mondays?
school bro
she is. She misses her baby
i know it's so close
What Happened to VH1? - The Root
Okay I'll bite. What's SXSW?
Karen and Drita don't have to be friends. They should squash it so they could at least be in the same room
this scared me for a sec! but i know youre coming back :D
Not that the lineup tweets are bad, they are solid info! Just enjoy the other insights from your position with the organization
All of Saxbys' staff will be wearing their pink ribbons in honor of Breast Cancer Awareness Month.. Are you wearing yours?
Nice article. Anyways, you're going to get sick from chicken and unwashed veggies in same bag, plastic or not.
loves finding other people's shopping lists left behind in carts... "what are they making that they need that!? oh they have a dog" :)
glad you fixed that mane lol!
Yay! Hi! Glad you like the pic.
i love the remix of sombody to love :)
Take it slow
Off to the to do some work
Moving OUT soon, shit gettin REAL (:
More Pareto Principle! But invariably, it's the 1% that reads 99% that then calls about the typos.
Wish these people would #shutup so I can take a break!
flyers hartnell to see cardiologist. does he even have a heart???
I QUIT! Oh yeah I can't as I am not independently wealthy.
good luck to everyone buying tickets soon. xx -breezy
With the Warm Weather coming this weekend, check out our spacious Guest Rooms and refreshing Olympic Size pool. A home away from home.
THEY DON'T KNOW ABOUT ME AND YOU ~
W/ Burger King sponsoring USA Basketball (& McDonalds being Olympic sponsor): r there other non-Oly sponsors partnering w other gov bodies?
I wna leave. I realized y I havent...
one day at a time bro :-)
#68 Airplanes to Anthropology | 101 Things To Do
"You look like 10 miles of bad road" Charlotte King lmfao
RT : Even the best theme EVAR becomes cliche when you see it in a hundred panel titles :)
trust me, it does.
Awesome! How bout you?:)
lol me and are at panera bread an we said those were our name
#Occupy should understand that #Capitalism & #FreeMarkets built this nation. If unhappy, #Cuba is only a swim away. RT
My wife sometimes texts me at work, telling me that I've earned a trip to the woodshed. I will think about that ALL day...
What two #Beatles songs did #RingoStarr write? #TeamTrivia is tonight at 9!
sorry Peter I was really unable to work. See ya soon Joe
Chris Mann!
you got dis. In other news are you sad about Dick Clark
Can't wait! My rhetoric grad school prof suggests your style shld be studied! : finish a new novel before 2012 ends.”
I have a lake in my front lawn. I just hope my garden hasn't washed into the street by the time this passes.
yes I do
Happy Earth Day 2012 to #nzt saving the world through music, ideas and technology.
off to nevada spca to donate cat condo and toys the cats don't use. if in the area check them out: www.nevadaspca.org
": got it!" Great hope you enjoy!
tell me what you think about #Macapp? Come on. Don't be shy.
Facebook acquires Instagram!... hahahaha and you thought Android users were bad! Bwahahahahaha
Thank you and wow, what an episode! We loved Sherlock tonight. :)
Ebon youre so perfect. i love you and I will forever be a lurker<333
So proud of and Michelle Buteau... SHOWTIME, baby!
Quickly changing channels....can't watch the ego coming out.
We need to take a stand for God and stop just putting a face on for Sunday and live it through the week. Come on guys.
Thanks, , for a great kick-off party at the last night! Good to see our friends from
Since I'm going into work an hour and a half early tmrw I think I should at least be allowed to wear pjs.
i'm jealous of everyone seeing the midnight showing of the avengers
"I used to think I was paranoid but not anymore. People would ask me to removed my cell battery just to talk." - Carter
follow #DallasPinterestParty for live tweets and pins!
I GOT MY 1D HOODIE TODAY IN THE MAIL!!!!! Yay ya!
Read more learn more change the globe
We don't know who the next #sdmayor will be, but we've sure loved working with & are grateful for his support.
Hunger Games tickets at the IMAX?
Our most "senior" instructor turns 60 years young today - for life!!! Happy Birthday Cindy :-)
its on you invitation .
Real Estate. Personal Injury. Corporate Representation/Litigation.... SLG has all the answers... Short Sales, Injuries, Corporations...
Just finished 's book 'Tell to Win.' As an anthropolgy & social media connector, I really enjoyed the purposeful storytelling!Thx
my summer might have just gotten a lot more interesting...
save me somee! :)
#agreed RT : You guys tucking your ears into an oversized fitted baseball cap: stop that. You look like tools.
We also have; Bacon and Eggs.............6.95 Chicken piccata .........8.95(lunch)...10.95(dinner) Soup of the Day----vegetable barley------
OMG! Hulk it's morning now; I couldn't sleep so got on Twitter! GOOD MORNING FROM DALLAS and a huge hulkmaniac! ♥
Bon Voyage, my friend! Have a great time!
Rich people seek cheap deals
I wonder if I'll be a bobblehead statue.
I really enjoyed it as picked up the book. Also blogged about it. Look forward to my family's adventures.
well, Anthony Hopkins and Benicio del Toro turning into hairy beasts? Could be gross.
When Simba walks on that bridge and transforms >>>>>
Holding....Holding...RT : Big announcement coming at 3 CST! Hold on to your shorts!
ENCOURAGE means to "put courage in" someone. DISCOURAGE means to "take courage out of" someone. Are you encouraging the people around you?
Man I was good until my team lost yesterday! Both Niners and Raiders will be back full throttle next season tho.
Damn. Well that's some fuxked up ish
saw u live in Northern Ca last year found your CD, listening and laughing my ass off!!
KU needs to ball-up, now. They're taking shots as if they're asking UK if it's ok to shoot. TAKE THE SHOT.
Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute
Save the date! flying at you on April 20-21, 2012.
Gotta hit me with that address n inbox G so I can get you looking #FLY down there in TX w/ JenoLo Tees Baby!!
Can't wait to help out tomorrow in the LA Sports Arena.
Not a bad first week returning to the fitness game. Lost 3.6lbs. This week I won't skip running on Thursday like I did last week.
Have to say-i got one of the coolest sisters a brother could ever have.
Just booked the film called Peephole. It's nice to hear the executive producer say "You were our fav of the day :)"
kidding!! Hope to meet you guys there!
Dow is down because of T-Pryor...everything is going to hell
"Time for President Obama to submit all three job-creating trade bills" <-- means its almost time for you to say Y they suck
Thank you, welcome to you also. What do you do?
You are welcome! It's good to connect! Hope you are having a great day!
That which is worthwhile IS worth the extra effort. Give it All you got! It's just when you think it won't happen that it DOES
It's that creepy overhead light that makes it!
Sometimes drinking a beer down by the river is all a man needs to clear his head.
I knew I could provoke you :-)
getting a message that the server www3.isrl.illinois.edu/unsworth cant' be found
yeah! Meeting at knight foundtn booth now. Deciding food location.
Please follow me :) please please please
Cool! This year I started with 5 different cups (pennies, nickels, dimes, quarters, singles) but now coins are all together.
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the little cheetah that made me remember what it's like to be utterly smitten in love with what you do. Love u Kasi!
Just got to commerce casino, about to play some 60-120
Just got home.
I do.. With so much cap room, why don't the #Avs buy a decent Goalie/ Defense? Holding out for new CBA?
Why am I awake right now ?
11 - 0 in hardcore sabotage? I dont hate it
“: "Three day weekend" Sunday is the only Sunday I'll ever like.”
FIT2GO MENU OF THE WEEK – What’s for lunch? This week you can have our lime chicken, steak with bell peppers, and turkey curry salad....
are and competitors?
yes it is.. the one of my fav songs *-*
Atta boy A-rod
Decorated & finished shopping .. Now ready for the week.. Game night & 2 thanksgivings woo .. I love the holidays!!! <3 <3
how about meeting Thursday after work ?
you're a joke
Good News: We have four more SloPig tickets to give away! We'll post a new question at 4 p.m. today.
Face your problems. Don't facebook your problems.
actually marriage is really common in this generation, divorce is too. old people are old fashioned and are afraid of divorce.
Thanks. Not much different from other name generators -- no lateral, associative thinking, just word blends.
I mean it, if i meet justin bieber, my life is going to be made <3
You will have to go out and shop for the latest trends in the clothing industry and then sell them in your own boutique
I'm still slightly shocked at how much of a scumbag John Edwards is.
Platforms like , create marketplaces w/o gatekeepers. Education is headed that way. Charles Best at
please give me tickets to Bon Iver - THANK YOU ;)
2012 Grammys: Backstage & Audience Photos – Rihanna, Katy Perry, Lady Gaga, Paul McCartney, Stevie Wonder, Chris Brown, Lil Wayne and Mor
Untangled my IP access issue. Good times.
Be an example of what loving yourself look like.
I feel like its christmas eve today or even better than that!
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE Music is Apart of Life, Life should be apart of your music
Boredd Talk to me!
why is it always raining
How dare you get quenched without me:)!
Reading "The Breath of a Wok" and feeling super psyched about Chinese food dinner party.
Thanks, that means a lot. I'll invite u 2 da wedding :)
Anthony Davis will be on Jimmy Kimmel on Thursday
returning tomorrow to get the music up to par! Get to Moorea early, open 11-7pm!
thanks for checking us out. If you'\re not busy this saturday, we're playing a show in sd. it'd be sick to see you.
Just watched Happy Feet for the first time last night. Did it freak anyone else out, or is it just me?
Deals of the Day - 300 Trucker Caps with a 1 Color Print $900. Sale ends at 5PM west cost time! customshirtprints.com
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
that's the ugliest thing I've ever seen
A little too happy smh..an u messd up
thanks for the advice!! Maybe I should practice in a pool for now :) jaws terrified me as a kid.
RT : And you had style! RT : Cruised the ipaths for the first time yesterday. I am satisfied. Stoked.
HOLY FUCK!!! I NEED THAT BLUE ONE!!!!! SHIT, I NEED THEM BOTH!!!!
Love that new song by david guetta and the video is
People really need to stop using Word documents for announcements.
R.I.P. GRANDPA MANUEL AND HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! We love and miss you!!!
CALL ME :3
I miss u in class today :,(
That's what's up Obama... good move yo.
Worried bout yo followers u betta get yo dollars up
HEY HEY HEY HEY HEY HEY I`m being so annoying / /
Lehrer: But I am optimistic. We have a tsunami of information available. That's a great thing.
your most welcome tie stealer!
Ryan Finley RTs via J Scheer Devin7Fuller to take his 5th official visit to #ArizonaWildcats next week Smart men make great QBs
dam, after 11 shots, you shouldn't only be feelin' it, but seein' it too. :P
Happy Twitter bday! Talked about u 2 yesterday to some FB peeps before their 1st event.
1 week until finals.. NO- more school ;)
Beyond the Roomba: How iRobot’s Technology Is Making War Zones Safer for Soldiers
Bummer - the Twins didn't do quite as good in your game as did in mine! 1 run in two games?! We still had fun though ;)
Are the referees are gonna hand Kentucky the game!!!!
Jonathan makes me so proud! Big things are going to happen in his life. Im so proud of him! 👏
“Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't after you” CATCH-22 Heller
ima be here fam I'm working on sum shit so I'm down 4 a minute
Thanks I am looking for an education administration position in independent schools...
My heart, love, and prayers go out to the people of the midwest tonight.
Good job Vandy. Maybe good for Cats to taste defeat before the Big Dance
Welcome to Twitter mate! Glad to see you made it on board.
I am a terrible big sister..I need to do better
your welcome dear :o)
Lookin into Skate Life Northwest goin on this Weekend at the Dept of Skateboarding. Anyone Goin?
Come check out Denver Williams' music show and zine event tonight! Right now, even! Sweet tunes!
For those wondering about the chat, just add three three hours to whatever time it is now where you are :)
I got some caulk for that crack 🚀
And, NO, we are not planning on moving any time soon.
Lol u look like ur starin directly at the sun bro
Test brunches scheduled stay tuned for "Sunday Antidote" details. We're gonna put a new face on brunch in PDX
OMFGGG Who Ever Is Up!! Text Me& If You Dont Have Me Number Inbox Me For It Bored A'F
Darth Prosser finds your lack of faith disturbing.
If you stuck with our advice last week, you'll be eating an awesome turkey tomorrow!!!
got a whole lot of work to do and get caught up on.
*phone buzzes* jump over couch, knock stuff over, fight invisible ninjas all to find out that txt is from that person u hate
If I don't pick up my phone it's because the battery is dead, not me.
HAHHAH POOR SLEPPY MRS. HENDERSON HAH IS A STORY CALLED EYE OF THE STORM 20 CHAPTERS
Yup! that's right! Chopper's Sports Grill is on Twitter
Life doesn't copy art, it imitates bad tv.
Mascara is the key to gorgeous, glam eyes! One way to get the most of it is to add some curl! It will make your eyes look wider.
sounds good. I will eat everything in sight D: cause I'm a monster.
Need more moments like these..with sun and time with my journal...
I feel like joaning
I know. I'm just really bored and want to do something and no one can do anything yet. So I'm just like wah.
I am at the meeting - where are you guys????
Geez, I left a floor lamp outside for someone to take and it was gone in less than an hour
how's your partner??? I miss talking music with one of my favorite twitter listeners!! #
Heading out to make the most of this nasty weather!
Ambient data - information we create as we participate in digital environments
tweet me a question and a number and ill tell you witch ICONic Boy you look good with=D
lmao get back get back you don't know me like that
haha they'll fail right away then no longer bother me! Good idea(:
Thank you Ashley. Well done. ~Richie
I don't think I could be dreaming, I felt your touch...
#2011RemindedMe To protect my iPod from thieves
the hell dude??!
happy 18th birthday !
what are you doing?
I can't stay here anymore.
My sincere condolences to the ENTIRE Houston family, from the family of Marvin Gaye! ♥
they're singing Hit the Lights in my advisory omg
I am ready for them. I was following you and I think i mistakenly unfollowed you when I messaged you. Sorry.
Out of context, "Stop, collaborate and listen" is actually REALLY good advice.
I'm having a great night. I'm putting some thoughts on paper.. that is one of the keys to follow through.
1/2" diameter hail reported at Princeton High School (Green Lake Co.)
Rest in peace, Etta James.. Thanks for the many great jazz, blues, and soul classics. Man, I hate leukemia.
that's so sad for her to use the baby like that. People need to step back & think about what's good for a kid.
LIKE! I cant tell you how much I wanna be there.
So I'm not alone, I just hope is not a killer or something lol jk (x
so prom is looking pretty lame for me.
those babies are huge!
It's almost #draft time! Best of luck to all the former #bsubroncos over the next few days. Can't wait to see where you all land!
Lucy in the sky with diamods.
"I aint go to high school, i went to school high"
I've got it - I remember bc it was Horizontal instead ... I remember I got 2 bc I thought my cousin wanted 1, I'll look 2day
": CAPS AT 7:30 LAKER GAME AT 10:30 LAKERS SHOULD TANK LOSE ON PURPOSE TO GET MIKE BROWN FIRED" Ha, but doubt it.
Natural Health Magazine Subscription, as low as $3.19/year: Subscribe to Natural Health Magazine for as low as $3.19 per year. To tak...
Social Savvy Elite #smbmad #ford -
I decided I'm going!! I think my dad may comee with me if not its jus me n my baby girl!!!! She's so excited!!;)
I need to get more active on twitter!
hey thanks for drinking with me I had a blast and it was great seeing you
I'll stay tuned. Keep sippin', lady.
Anxious to get great blogging tips from at
I wonder if Liam Payne uses sporks..bcuz yanno its half spoon..
I ship you with Zayn! omg, you guys would be the cutest couple .. :o
THE EVIL HAS FALLEN!!! This is why you don't celebrate befor the season starts. Heat+Big3=Not so much lol
Thanks for the #FF!
Amazing how delicious pastry can be so coercive.
Love it! I should be the star of my family's Christmas card next year.
Are mirrors silver, or the color they're reflecting?
My barista asked abt my #Teal outfit & got a #NOCCBreaktheSilence bracelet 2 help raise #ovariancancer awareness!
So they kind of play off of that word which has that meaning
Austin is now even further away from me.. There go my chances of ever meeting him.. /:
won't be the last #digitalhumanities project using Scribe, as I'm working on it for census & parish register DBs.
Catching up on Idol. Hehe.
maybe you already have, but your other teacher friends just won't tell you because they don't know any better
I miss you more babe
Just wants to go driving...
high as hell off exotic fruit
Brats Brats Brats
THE SCREENING ROOM: Happy 70th Birthday, Gorgeous! Here&#39;s to Barbra Streisand (Video)
No, Alex I can't hear anything. When he closed off the chatrm..SOunds like he's back...or trying
Have a great day everyone, and take time to enjoy life today.
Go TS! : Good luck! : About to take DSST test in Personal Finance.
My mom's id got stolen . Fuck that... Now we are out 3 thousand dollars😡
I've came to the conclusion that is into milf's.
I'm really digging the look and sound of Tinted Windows. Bun E. Carlos on drums kicks ass!
I don't care if the politician on SATC liked golden showers. he's hot.
If Rudy Gay plays like the 2nd best player on the floor only behind CP3, which he's capable of, the #Grizzlies are going to win this series.
thank you :) God bless you to bro
Gone to Cabo for the winter!!!! See you on Cinco de Mayo!!
Running a stock market simulation in class today. Who will make a fortune; who will lose it all?
Hapy Mother's Day as well to my wifey The mother of my child & the love of my life. I love u baby
Sometimes i just want to fall asleep & never wake up.
Getting ready for summer vacation? Show your love of the 'Burgh wherever you go with our quality tees.
I'll go with u Chris and drive us :)
New icon everybody!!!!
Strawberry daiquiris...🍓
perfect timing right when i get back from kansas lol ask ur mommy if u can come visit me!
got em. keep the change.
Would you be interested in attending and Oscars Party if we had one at The Spot?
Not at Microsoft anymore, at a startup company called WebServius (API management infrastruct. as a service), it's still very small
Mfs Always Got Something Negative To Say. Tf, Just Shut Yo Ass Up, Nobody Asked For Ur 27 Cents. Weak Ass Nigga.!
Man woke TF up with a huge bump on my face..
I'm gonna punch you in the gooch, Chris. ME and Zac! Duh! ;)
Something tells me they're not going to show the replay of the check swing.
AND THEY INSTRUCT WELL ON HOW TO DESCRIBE SEX SCENES IN NOVELS
Up and running at about 6:30 am. Emailing my client in Isreal. I get such satisfaction helping my clients. This is what I was meant to do.
God made man before woman so the man would have time to think of an answer for the woman's first question.
Yup there it is...he's wearing the mask
good lookin out appreciate the support
The truth is never going to change. No matter what someone believes in, the truth will always remain the same. (Bible Crash Course)
Promo Divine Peeling Radical White Skin Matrix from Swiss-instant whitening peeling in only 45 minutes only Rp 375.000 valid only this month
no problem
Noticed all the building makeovers in Portland? What's going on? Why are investors interested in historic buildings? 6:30pm
Coloring Pages Featuring Children with Disability
Well, if I can answer any other questions or book anything for you, let me know!
Hell yeah! RT: : Listening to before I go into work.
controlled reaction is always the most intelligent...say it to yourself 3 times before you flipout see if that helps.
I wish I didn't legit sound like a dog barking every time I have indigestion or the hiccups.
I was today talking shop w/ Building for schools/teachers/kids. Helpful to hear from ppl targeting your same market.
follow back? Please!
ok, but whats gone happen to me, curious..
Welcome to the Vikings! We're excited to have you!
Filippo Pozzato: I wasted my talent for too long
Ballard High School's Homecoming Football Game is Friday October 15 @ Memorial Stadium-want to join us?
Ush! some people are so dumb!!
Give thanks to the Lord for HE IS GOOD, and His mercy endures FOREVER! Amen!
Why does Love Always Feel Like A BattleField</3
656 tweet for
I get so excited when I get new hair products :p
Love that the lawyer is advising Maloof not to answer questions. It's like he's on trial.
my friend barry would be very disappointed in me right now. he puts a lot of effort in his mac and cheese. and its delicious. it really is!
rock for love 3 in memphis this weekend. special guests to boot!
Oh, crap. Now I can't get "I wanna dance with somebody" out of my head. Flashing back to the 80s!
Still looking out for Owner/Operators to run under our Quick Fleet authority...
i missed it!
RT : True sadness is reaching the bottom of a cup of Potbelly's chili.
when I have a bigger apt ;)
Lady at #ctia registration askedbif my name was pronounced 'Reesee'. Um, no. Last E is silent. Like the candy.
Di grace a god
1st to Tweet "Griswalds" wins a Chrismas Vacation Ultimate Blu-ray Collector's Edition!
Thanks for the feedback and support.
It'd be hilarious if a terrorist blew stuff up so everyone would read his manifesto, but he had really bad handwriting so no1 understood it.
Calling it a day and letting everyone know that Tango Tuesdays and S.I.N. Night are cancelled next week. They'll resume the following week!
Good Afternoon World!
don't most nouns that pluralize by changing a vowel (goose, mouse, foot, etc) go back to proto-Germanic, or am I misremembering?
Since both of my teams are out early, (AS USUAL), I'm rooting for my favorite player Kobe Bean to get his 6th this year
Eating the last of my NYC bagels...
RT - I wonder who came up with #ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis ? LOL. - No kidding huh? #TooFunny!
Would love to check out , but it's definitely not
were you looking in the mirror? ;)
Oh my lord. This guy shouldn't be working at Wendy's. He should be an underwear model.
How can we get you to feature us?
RT : : "Fighting for digital rights is as important as fighting for other civil rights."
not to mention you won't get that $6000 laptop
I have been taking classes and doing workshops. Where is a good place to do them besides actor key and sag foundation?
Football season is almost upon us. Crystal Clear Pools supports the longhorns to victory this season
TheatreSports Team meets tonight at 7pm, our place. We'll bring the chairs, you bring the energy. Okay, fine. We'll bring some energy, too.
so now the government can tell us who to marry......when does it end? land of the free only for straight white men. yep that sounds right.
This is so good!
The best food in the world tonight, i have a special date at Big Bowl followed by the movie The Lucky One can't wait!
Our freaking printer is a piece of crap ! It hasnt worked once on the first try since i've been home for school >.<
FINALLY about to sit down to donate plasma, this process is long!!
And alexis is cool, guys. Way cool.
Oh yea! 11pm and I just sat down with a nice big bowl of cereal.
Getting ready for a great session on research methods at #AERA2012 some great presenters
What do you do when the only one who can make you stop crying is the one who is making you cry?
Facebook became boring, & the layout is so different & confusing now. I also get overwhelmed from time to time & need a break. :)
you are a mean little girl
When you can't stop think about this person, it's love ♥
don't feel like going to stupid rehearsal tonight......;lajtoaiewh kill me
I'm heartless! And my past made me that way!
I need 2 make my way back 2 Whiskey on Saturday's....I miss ur funny jokes lol :)
Attention every prankster ! Prank this number ! 7013173585 DO IT ! (RETWEET) , , ,
we saw ya Ronnie...in the elevator..
re tsa: "it's an anagram. Neat, huh?" Then move along as they try to puzzle it out.
I WOULD DIE
Any tornado sightings?
i had three cups of lemonade [!<(O_o)>?]
no u don't
Yes. And I have minions.
Heyy Can You Follow Me??(:
Always glad to RT yours! Glad you do's what you do!
Cutting prints and watching the online! I wish I was in the water!!
morning love! <3
So true. I keep expecting that hash tag to be a photo link. Then it isn't.
thank you ! They are adorable babies :D
Looking for midlife tips for the "Happy Happy!" Dec This Midlife Thing Mag. Dm me with your best Christmas memories get a mention in the mag
In Wisconsin we are scheduled to have 80's in southern part of the state and a frost advisory in the north. Come visit! We have everything!
Got a good viewpoint on social networking in the construction industry at the ABC Young Leaders event tonight
Danny Brown on terrorist threats
santorum and bachmann make me sick, who are they to tell us how to live?
yup and Onyx decided to sleep on top of me lol
The Music of Mexico concert has been rescheduled to June 4, 7:30 p.m.! Watch the web site for updates! www.huellaslatinasconcertseries.com
how are u like 18 something but look like ur 40
So...did you guys know that we're expanding? Because we are. And the archtitects are here. And it's super exciting!
Five thousand is the largest isogrammic number in the English language. The longest English isogram is subdermatoglyphic.
at my brothers baseball game. haha
me too but why does Tamara have to be so cynical
there's a show on abc based in colorado actually at the bass pro shop in northfeild and its pretty funny
#TeamCharon “: If i had a chainsaw, i woulda cut that crown in half.. is my SUPERSTAR! #realwhereitcounts”
new hit single #putitdown check it out :)
I came home and literally it looked like someone came in my house and put new groceries throughout the kitchen && its all my favess? Weird..
did I just hear the Vanderbilt could be a final 4 Team? .....
I'm afraid to follow on Twitter, for fear of an imploding phone. Or worse.
Great tweetup! Thanks for arranging everything. Great bar.
Listening to someone explain how to play sudoku to someone else whilst also explaining how to use a touchscreen is so interesting.
One of those days where everything annoys the shit out of me ...
Yay. Friday the 13th. Today should be nice.
friend me on facebook childofgod169 at gmail
Thanks! The presentation got a great response, and your research generated plenty of faculty interest
#TrapMusic #RealShit if u can't relate listen to dat weak ass
it really did 😔
Destructoid Pirate T Shirt
Okay really i just saw as on my timeline it was a profile picture im mean really lady dang 😖😡👎
sure, thanks
If anyone has other podcasts recommendations I'm all ears. I listen to lots of them geek related. You can never have enough options :-)
thank you! I'll follow you too! I'm excited to use it! It's so funky!
Thank you!
Sadly, I'll be out of town for the show, but I hope the kids dance well & have fun.
Silent stats class, this girl come in blasting Chris Brown. No one can think straight.
Oops! We've been neglecting you Tweeps! Whats' everyone working on these days? Hm??
i be the life of the party <3 cant wait till my bigg 18
super jealous ur goin to the game by the way...totally not fair
Behind every beautiful girl, there is a stupid guy who did her wrong and made her strong
I can have a sleepover tonight
I like talking on the phone better too.
Thanks gorgeous!!!
Real drinkers only mix whiskey with emotions.
Having moves like Jagger!
what's wrong with the washer? has water in it and won't drain?
!!! RT “ I hate when people dont text me back that shit is annoying but its soo cool”
what'd she say?
well… I'll send u a message
I really like your Angry Birds tweet. It got me lol.
any time my brotha from another motha
Watching Veronica fondle a handful of Cheerios for the first time.
There's an #Evernote version specifically for schools. Has lots of cool features & disc. rate.
Team basketball is such a lost art today in the NBA. It's two guys playing pick-and-roll or one guy posting up, and 3-4 players watching.
Seeing Savannah tonight <33
make up is ruined
you can :) part of really believing you can comes from trying, failing, but persevering <3
I hate people who just get their stuff handed to them.
Thank you so much! I haven't had a chance to watch it yet!
This is where the British girl quietly slips out of this convo :P
can't wait to taste your chili. Pretty tad name
I couldn't agree more
how common is this though? I am sure Bo isn't the first or last to do this.
I thought you were wearing a headdress the whole time.
Agreed! :) " Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you."
respectfully disagree. Everybody likely wishes they had a 'do-over' at one point in their life.
You betcha, can never get enuf Back to School advice! RT : Thanks for the rt
Aussies face German Davis Cup challenge Australia will face Germany in Germany in September for the right to return to the Davis Cup worl
How fun! What was the piece and instrumentation?
The shot is still on the bar. I will have to ask Matty if he has had any new encounters
Even though they have shorter sleep cycles than adults, newborns typically spend more time in active (REM) sleep.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
the way it should be.
Man they aint no rhymes they are short poemd...lol
oh yeah - my cauldron brethren and sistern will be in full voice come sat. Burn FCD burn!
Crying myself to sleep
UNITED NATIONS (AP) -- UN approves resolution threatening sanctions if Sudan and South Sudan don't halt violence.
too far
More slide decks and video will get posted on the #eduiconf download site next week. We'll keep you posted.
you shudup slut !
interesting, I wish I was there instead of the mixtape panel
RT : Well behaved women seldom make history.
OMG HE NEEDA HURRY UP AND COMEE ON..!!!!!!!
I miss our life talks
isn't he so adorable? at first he didn't like it-than we stepped outside in the rain and now he's in love with the jacket.
when i'm dying i have a feeling i'll be all "i wish i could tweet this right now"
I ate a lot yesterday.
"that is not us"
that's fair -- i'd still say it's a vast majority. 85% sounded vast majorityish.
Romney never misses an opportunity to miss an opportunity!
Goodluck with your xfactor audition Amanda! You'll do great! (:
What the heck is wrong with facebook? Why can't I log in?
glad im got ma car cause it showed the fakes from.the real
I agree! I need color in my life and white walls make me sad.
McGee is one of those dudes who will need to be traded around to be motivated until one vet or coach motivates him for every game
So is any teenager who can sing and has long hair considered another Justin Bieber?
any movie out that you wanna see?
Yo..Feel Like Freestylin But Got No Beat On Hand? Then Get This App Called-"Gimme A Beat"
Me and mah boyfriend are doing great. :D & so is Valerie and Menchaca. <3 Coleita loves Menchacalita.
Ha! when the video comes out your break is O-V-E-R OVER!
Reverb = Modesty..Auto Tune =Dishonesty..Please stop lying to me through your microphone. <3 bri
uh huh
RT : Q2: What do u wish u had known b4 that u know now about running a biz while raising a family? (pls rt)
They like who I am but is in love with the person I have potential to be..
Looks like I'm watching Harry Potter all night.
Nice slides of intriguing NOAA work with dataviz & interaction in virtual worlds
Got my eyebrows threaded before work today... Lady asked me why my hair was so thick and curly. I say God must like me
ohh oops forgot about it...
I am such a wallflower.
See you there! #GetAmbushed RT : Excited for Saturday with
But I'm tired of rapping off of people's beats,I wanna make my own.
#mobprocconf collateral surveillance and power asymmetry (referencing licoppe)
all we have is now, the only constant we know and never understand
Stickn to my plan for 2012
It's Thursday , You Already Know What It Is...
I wonder if water is grossed out by soda- because its so gassy?
RT um where you work--reliant park!!
Hella just dropped my phone on my bottom lip -.........-
Greg Osby should be performing on Channel 5 right about now! Check it out.
Not sleepy yet!
“: dipping fries in a chocolate frosty >”  so good!
I am listening to music!!!! Good to see you too
you've earned your name here with that amazing collection of tunes!
are you @ the bus stop ??
Singh/Pepsi: "Currently little incentive for brands/agencies to plan via agile mktg. Requires transparency"
We are real people. :P Also, now that all the videos are uploaded, feel free to check it out!
yay I'm sick of seeing and hearing one direction and I don't even like one direction either
nigga pls you can have that I'm never a Swagger H Jacker!
Sitting in an all night lecture on managed care organizations and risk management.
Good gm. 27-24 Heat after 1. Melo is owning Battier and already sodomized Joel Anthony.
RT In case you did not know? You are still my favorite trainer! Much love "eehhhh heemmmmm"
...and Blake, and Blair, and Blaine, and Brent.
…nor the resultant InDesign crash. Packing it in.
Slight work....
one big day in the sports world #tradedeadline #freeagency #marchmadness brace yourselves
Vegas Tip-Off (NAIA) today @ Durango HS. 3pm Concordia vs Our Lady of the Lake. 5pm Vanguard vs MT. State. 7pm San Marcos vs Westminster
<<<Sitting pretty with tail wagging on the carpet>>>
We are loving it here :) Thanks to you, , we are sharing our adventures with the world!! :)
Grow up, do the right thing for the #O'Brien kid!
1st time in history the words hip and Romney ever close to being in same sentence
Cuddling with my babygirl watching baby looney tunes...
I think the inside of my nose smells bad
Hi we met at CMO Summit in Dallas. Would <3 to talk some more about peoplebrowser I may be interested in using it at BSG
No girl. Thank YOU!! I appreciate Beat It Like A Drum, just put on workout playlist!!
*insert every curse word here*
...encumbersome gentility, while witnessing absurdity by others who would attempt to instill some sort of "fear", choosing to destroyinstead
So damn tired and I still got 3 more hours.. what's the move tonight??
So what i can't sing,at least i try
the day looks beautiful! - ah, Spring, where is thy sting?
I'm sorry, what? Red Velvet Pancakes? Is a thing, that exists?
I've made my 3+ friends a #MAHOMIE and I'm PROUD :) <3
I think people will watch no matter who plays. It's about time Canada is represented and the Red Wings are extremely popular.
Well put. :) RT @ DoubledAthlete idk- why is this national news that she has a dream of being a mommy bird?!
Hola Carlos is TT!..mann i love this boy :D
Hey Austin(:
hey how old r u ?? i am 14
hell yea, thanks to you we got the tightest drummer on it:)
You going to be in DC for a few days in April? Lets grab Tom Lewis & have a drink. My treat! I live in the city.
Glad you liked our stories!
Excited to be a chaperone for my son's field trip to Kennedy Space Center today.
Women who can't cook are like women with no ass,
So apparently I'm the only dude John Travolta didn't sexually harass?
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love
All I want is a President who talks tough and starts unnecessary wars because of his unresolved father issues. Is that too much to ask!?!
maybe the fact that ny is a cesspool full of people who sodom and Gomorrah would kick out is finally cursing yanks
I have a feeling I forgot to do something important ... I hate that feeling! 
Today is 's birthday....wanna follow her?
Next on Las Olas is Roccos Tacos “You haven’t had Rocco’s until you had our famous Guacamole with chips, it’s that addictive!”
Watching Asians Aloud on HBO- loving the diversity
Hm, I don't hear/see anything.... That's what I thought.
Tony #14 is going to toast the town in Richmond tonight. #NASCAR #RVA Great night
lol I know right
If your looking to bless others you will find joy and continually receive blessings.
I have to admit, today was a good day. :)
"Hold on to that game ball..." *chunks ball into the Lakers crowd seconds later*
We always take you with us!!! Keep adding to the certificate pool!! Big fans!!
In #emac we have "at bat," "on deck," and "on the holodeck."
Tweet me
Since you're the only candidate that could actually defeat Obama, hope to see you run in 2016 after he's reelected!
haha, so kind of you :)
Sometimes the ppl you least expect to believe in you are the ppl who believe in you most. Can't hold these tears back anymore. #blessed! =`)
Like I said, a process. Also, that means people who have killed in self defense are guilty of murder on purpose.
I have two cats 
Yes, its time to shred all those files. No job to big or small
Hart snapped an 0-for-12 with that double.
For those that have been waiting for years like me - THE WAIT IS OVER! Saw the LOVED IT - Will probably see it again!
Citation emergency - if I'm omitting the end of a long 19th century title but it ends in &c. do I use 4 dots in my ellipses or only 3?! Gah
I would never turn down a hug from Josh, mostly bc 9-year-old me thinks he's the Burger King.
Don't tell anyone,but is one of the few places that has HopSlam on tap right now!
Me 2! RT : I need to hit up a spanish club asap. Gotta get my dancing on.
so I guess its my fault then
I was born in the wrong decade
Feet hurt
Mondays aren't so bad.. It's Burger Night!!!!
I understand, just and add on.
I get too attached. Only bc I care for you.
RT - Swarovski Accessories Sparkle at The Cannes Film Festival accessorywardrobe.com/?p=619
My mom just emailed me an amazon wish list. she's either the cutest or the annoying-est.
Gonna try and wipe this blue and white face paint off, hope this works otherwise
That's my fav show. ": Now Watching: House Hunters on HGTV"
yeah. Unfortunately :(
Does it have to be with my hands? RT : Slap me and i will love you forever, baby.
Palin defends Santorum's outburst at #NYT reporter. She finally figured out that the New York Times is a newspaper and not a time zone.
WE ARE(:
I've never sold anything on eBay, but I've bought a ton of shit, how does it work selling stuff !!!!
Zeddie Little may have deleted his twitter account but he's still the talk of the town! We'll be on the lookout for him during the NYCM...
Do you use iTunes?
I am going to New Orleans in less than 2 weeks... SO EXCITED!
Unimpressed by Nicki Minaj's performance, stupid!
Thanks! I'm really looking forward to it b/c the audience will be community college folks from all content areas, not just English.
Girl at Starbucks in Barstow gave us our order free I hope she has good karma going back to her
He wants the whole world watching so it will be close until middle of fourth then the Lakers will get every call in the world
Dats if I don't fall asleep :/
Thanks for the mention ! Looking forward to the 13th Annual Camden Ace Awards this week!
I'm so tired.
yeah nigga im down as ever, we will win that hoe easy lol
where are the papers? i still haven't rec'd a link to them.
Yeah mine's doing the same thing ah!!! RT “: MacBook just went into cardiac arrest. Please get me through this next month!”
Ariana grande has a nice voice..
If our businesses are to have any meaning beyond work, it must connect with what is most important to us.
thanks for share Barry
You're watching for Justin Maxwell, aren't you?
i bet i can because no one i know is even close to understanding.
I am really impressed by museum lawyers. I'm just glad to have them off my speed dial for a while. :)
damn i keep forgetting!
i will have my life back as soon as all this Burr footage is edited! k
looking forward to insight on #leadership by following you. Thanks for the @ today.
Out walking people is super awkward
What Happens in Vegas... Ends up on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc... Happy First Friday...
haha omg so much fun, can't wait for fri! ps.. Took me like 15 minutes to find my car... Not sure how tht happens every time! Haha
Was a pleasure meeting today at #DSum12 (a great follow!). Looking fwd to making more great connections during the Reception!
Missing the basketball game to watch the niagara play for Mary..... Crown me best boyfriend ever now
Some people create their own storms then get upset when it rains.
Drinking my parents homemade cider/applejack. Not bad. :-)
I love new music to my ears.
I'm bringing the video camera so we can document your first visit! ;)
someone's gotta keep you in line
#808Pride boys its a big mistake to call a girl pretty u MUST call her
Lol i love brett
AGC to hit on Tuesday.
Life moves pretty fast for Thanks for Twitter, btw. Never had one lesson ;-)
Twitter is the best I love yuh guys!!😂
Night dolls xo
God, I need your help? please help me to justin be able to followed me? I don't know what should I do now, which I know I just beg thee God
Thx for the rts - much appreciated :-)
not this time... raspberry and dark chocolate chip.
Chargers D about to ruin the progress the offense has made.
Watching "Broke Girls" cause the reviewer compared it to Laverne&Shirley- it will never be that. BAD...HORRIBLE
I get way too excited when my tea is ready.
Thanks Sara! I forgot that I even wrote that, but I like it! Now I need a fine wine of my own :-).
Good bye Mr McMillian
Shades of 2010 Packers for this years Brewers club RT : As feared, #Brewers SS Alex Gonzalez has torn right ACL.
Feels like all the big medications are fraudulent now. I'm scared to even go to the CVS down the street. Sheesh.
Can I be ur flower girl? RT : please leave me alone... i have a wedding to plan in 14 years!
Some of our folks are from the Chicago area ( & her hubby). You're working w/ great peeps. #theatrejealousy ps Nice website!
My next paycheck I'm buying a shit load mac makeup.
After a long day of school, its chill time. Reading the hunger games & jamming outC:
I SWEAR... I'M GOING MIA FROM EVERYONE. CAN'T TAKE THE PRESSURE. DUECES. 
LISTENING 2 THE PPL TALKIN AT GREGORY'S FUNERAL JUST MAKE MI SICK 2 MY RASS STOMACH THANK U CASTRO BROWN FOR BEING SO FU# REAL MI KING
exactly how I'm drinking it now :D
agreed on achtung baby!
OH MY GOD...Just found out Justin Bieber is on the Jimmy Kimmel taping I'm going to next week. AH
Reason #14 why so many changes fail - 3 common mistakes in communicating change
Great activity for whisky aficionados. Delicious! May the best bartender win!
I don't need to pretend to be Irish for that.
talking with in 5 mins with and more...
Thanks for the follow. Stay tuned for our trendy fashion updates as well
Where else can you get raw talented RnB accompanied by a live band?
Only motherfuggah in the n. va with a low low bike ya feel me!
:) there's a center in MA. Was a great experience for me!
As Women's History Month ends, FYI, current Census statistics show that women still earn 77 % of what men earn.
half of womens problems with men are their own faults because they hold us to unreachable standards.
now, really, back to the writing. Just a little sidebar on facebook to give some teaching advice to a dear friend. Ahh, social media...
I think Padres +175 and Mets +115 have great chances
just finished watching a re-run of BET Honors. Congrats on the award!
USA, USA! RT : my kitchen is clean. what's the first thing i do? make bacon. greaseparty!
Rough week so far....some laryngitis/cold issues and four of the biggest VO jobs of the month all within two days....arghhhh...
I might not be at the Aventura concert but my girls keep calling me for almost every song lol... "Hoy es noche de sexo"... I love them!
Yes(: and you wont believe what i got in it!!
Followers, are you major vloggers? Share your experience if you'd like. I Have a Youtube account and may consider it next year.
Come, get to know the TheaterWHeart! We're interested in what you have to say about black theater and the arts...
lmao yeah it's cool shit happens for a reason
Don't accidentally take any StarCaps
SO CUTE OMG
Here we go at the Meadows #2 Synphantab 5/2 Good Luck
This just in: Canada has a lot of snow.
When do you get back home?
Thanks to everyone who came out last night! It was such an awesome show. Two more to go. March 11th is next! Be there!!
I might be a little outside the "drop by" zone, for travel purposes, but I'll be eating your pasta mentally (oo, too dirty?)
just had to explain to dad how to
I'll find what I am looking for someday.
I totally wore a pair to work out today.
A large group attending SD environmental mayoral debate on Earth Day tomorrow. Wondering who understands SD h2o issues.
Looking for a Columbus, OH area tech writer to create troubleshooting guides for field service techs. Call 1.847.631.1299 or
I wanna and go heads up. Who do you think would win?
My mutha wouldn't let me leave until I ate...now I reek of sausage n' peppas.
Thanks for coming out on Saturday, and for the great blog post, hope to see you soon!
two women get in a fist fight at walmart #nail salon..really who gets their nails done at #wallyworld ??
At the office waiting for the Ruby Jam to start (www.rubycodejam.com)
Walking home then off to Dallas to intern. And in the dark of the night I get to drive back home! Oh what an awesome time.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the amazing mothers out there! As one mother to another, I salute u all!
Yea. We will have to iron out the details. Like where to 2 meet & such. Can't wait : )
I just saw this.. I was in the mountains in Arizona..! So unexpected..
I'm drunk... On cold mess! Go away you phelgmy mess!!!
I hate it when my mom tells me I look just like my sister D:
I know I hit you back lol
Today's food bank win: 23.5 oz agave syrup & 12-year Celtic Cheddar
Nike, we are excited to partner with you!
Flying visit to Bristol. Lovely countryside on the trip up but a very misty start.
what if I give you a dime?
I WISH I CAN DM U BUT UR NOT FOLLOWING ME! :(( I BEEN WAITING #3YEARS FOR THE DAY 2 COME
S-A-T-U-R-D-A-Y NIGHT's alright for fighting?
Someone entertain me
I like it. Good purchase.
That horrible moment when you realize that you forgot get your stuff out of the communal washing machine...
42 days and I'm no longer a freshmen WOAH
s/o 2oo :) sweet dreams goodnight.
Dear LA renters stop trying to gentrify your property. Latinos and blacks have money too.
My feet are cold, and I tweet too much.
Aw sent me a cute text too <33
Yawning.... Eyes getting heavy, tired. Tired. OH Snap!!!! Just realized forgot to buy my Lotto Tickets!
So, how was everyone's weekend? Come up to the GA Kiosk & tell me about it this afternoon or this morning to Jen & Stephanie. A drink too?
And we all know Black men are never falsely accused, right?
little Rihanna pandora to start the day
Man complaining on the 66 from Harvard Sq re: "socialist crazies." Not too much sympathy on
8 year olds today have Facebook, Twitter, iPhones, & iPods. When I was 8, I had a coloring book, crayons and an imagaination.
Really want to make you mine, I would never mislead you, look how I treat you but girl, you got to give me some time.
PROJECT X was an awesome movie. Want to see again next time I'll sneak in some liquor and enjoy the movie again lol. :o)
good luck to loog in A final. How did they do today? Been gone all day
Is anyone awake right now?!
sorry to confuse.I meant send actual email w/the question. Answer Too long to tweet. email:
How to Buy a Router
Running low on your Media Tape supply? Call for pricing on all OEM & Compatible Storage Media & qualify for FREE Shipping in Jan 2012!
"Fluffy bunnies driving in the pool.."
Wow Philly got that W??
What does a salt expert recommend for everyday cooking? sel gris or sea salt. Lots of minerals, not lots of processing says
Who's this amazing group one direction
So today was the last day of this so called "winter"
Thanks. Love you matty. *hugs*
Attention: I am following those who is following #RETWEET if you did
If you not gone talk about shit , dont worry about using my number!
looking forward to seeing it!
so good seeing you last night for Birthday!! Sad the night was cut shortlol
Everything...everything is $2 tonight. Tweet a picture to win a t-shirt!
I want seafood!!! Crab legs shrimp and scallops yum!!
just returned back after watching firefighters work on a fire at Satchel's Pizza. not good.
go to sleep. anger should fade away.
I think it's time to go to sleep ..I got to go make my money in the morning
Even Stevie wonder say "I see u nicca"
I went to rehearsal to day and I know my stuff but I think my Director makes me nervous because I keep for getting my lines
We look forWARD to seeing you & celebrating!
Happy Monday to you too! Hope you have a great one!
Home....gonna watch the tca :D
..yes Oritse, that phot and look of yours is so disciplined looking, am i Allowed to say 'good looking' for a 'straight' male.
hmm. The politician's story is changing. Seems to be some smoke here, and you know what they say about smoke :) cc:
Yeah, well FUCK YOU.
The conversation I just had with john. >>>>>
Detroit, MI is now in my sales territory. Bad news is it's 3 more hours out. Good news? Big new account, all growth. Cha-ching!
You're not interested in the world series, right? Hell no! You want you get scared and spooked in the apocalypse, right? Hell yeah!
thank you!
by all accounts I need to be very tempted by this offer!! :)
Drove to the ocean, forgot to pack surfboard. No beer in fridge, thinking of calling numbers found in pocket for beer money.
loving that one too
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
thanks for the RT and happy belated Easter to you and the missus
Good morning, friends! Did you have a good weekend?
The mention of bringing back Arrested Development as a result of listening to social feedback generated much applause. As it should.
Inspired by you, looking for my way to serve that fills me up too!
If beard were an animal, it would undoubtedly have zero natural predators and every living organism would be its natural prey.
Hard to believe no one has invented a riding vacuum cleaner with refrigerated keg holder and wireless ESPN.
Great job Brad! Roll Tide!!
Relieved Cowboys won. Doesn't mean too much since it's against the Buccs. But a win nonetheless.
Housewife status
My weekend was pretty rad. Did you do anything worth telling? I'd like to know. I danced....a shit ton.
Please avoid the area of St. Lucy's Church (7th Ave) tomorrow between 9am & 2pm. Very large turnout expected for Det Morgan funeral. Thanks.
Getting some 2014 disco going on up in here at the moment w/ and need a disco mirror ball in venice! Whose got 1?
PROLLY SUMTHN TRADITIONAL TO MESS WIT YA HEAD
I don't really care if he didn't see my tweet, My nan's died, stuff him,I have more important things on my mind!
growing up is the worst. lol
Dirty talk? How about a dirty tweet? ;-)
If you're in Atlanta we would love to help you organize your home!!!
Manning to the Broncos!! :) yes!!
it's so good!
lol it was bomb
“: I could totally help with writing Season 2 of #Scandal.” haha me too!! Give us a chance!!! My novel is juicy
Thanks for the Mention ;)
Thanks for the mention!
you had her confused right at the question mark
mhmm sure. That's why your sore. I believe that... And my mind stays in the gutter!
and , we love you, but this year, it's about the positive and the
Brackets busting left and right, truly Madness in March
hmm, how's the knee? Are you thinking about sprinting it?
#Langerhans emerges an oxen amongst a gaggle of geese.
When people say they want a love like Johnny & June, Noah & Allie, etc. Come on y'all. I want 1 of my very own, 1 God created just for me.
I was gonna get stuff done today, buy I guess I'll just fight with Drupal instead.
Big day for awards. #TonyAward nominations and winners are announced. Which will get more online news coverage?
I agree. $1 hot dogs are so good. Lol
okay baby. :)
I will see if we can get to 1 this year as well, only have two tickets for most games tho
Seriosuly spent all afternoon fangirling. I need to go to rehab or something cause addiction is a bit unhealthy...haha.
We can create any type of the Zoho CRM Quote, Invoice, and Sales Order Template as customers need.
thanks for the follow and for all your great work!
one hell of a show last night in Dallas man! Hope to see you back in Dallas soon. Peace!
So precious! :-)
The Wanted If you could collaborate with anyone who would it be?? #t4starslive PS: I love you!
Sis, I think we need to take this convo to
If anybody needs a good giggle, check out the 's feed.
thanks for the mention!
I broke down in tears today but i know starz good though. I promise u he gucci
Let's get this money, Then make it stack .
RT : Nice meeting with you a well, but who is the expert :) I am but a novice...so must be you!
the job?
good luck :D you need it :b
Super cool that Twitter takes foreign language characters. See past posts in Russian & Chinese. Vietnamese still to come.
i was walking by your house today and i think you were outside! lol
Hahah. I'm the exact same way. Exact same way.
cinco de swag bus bro
The only problem w/ the #Browns draft so far is we REALLY DONT KNOW if these guys will pan out. Anyone who GUARANTEES either is silly.
“: Share Your Pot”
can you imagine the reaction if someone shouted the N Word at a anti racism rally? Sick stuff. The silence is deafening
Staring at pictures of my girls and then the sunshine outside - I want to go play with them. This being a #workmom sucks sometimes.
Need More Followers To Help Teenagers With Their Problems.
Just attended the Social Media and Sports panel at Bloomberg Hdqtrs. Thanks to the panelists for their insightful info.
Loiter squad is effin hilarious
Why must you blame?
Our next major server update will include support for more Java programs, like Minecraft.
Havent been here in a while! :)
Chris Jones and Adam Bailey are the new Bradley Cooper and Ryan Gosling
yes, yes you will :-)
In the late 1800’s, Chase & Sanborn put out a flier on how to read the coffee grounds at the bottom of the cup (like a fortune teller).
: Filmed my cover this weekend. Let you know when I'm going to post it :) I'm very excited
Much needed spring break is on the way lots of things to do so little time
tune in to 's Life class... is on. Good stuff.
think it's time to change.
How the World Began at Women's Project Theater is terrific! And new Twitter friend, the actor-teacher-director extraordinaire
Its good feeling to know that someone somewhere is looking forward to talking to you again ♥
RT “Man can live about 40 days without food..." No way. The mere thought of one day without food sends me stockpiling.
RT from Iran: Kamenei is under pressure and fighting for survival - without ANejad his authority is finished
trust me I feel worse than you. Your hangover has a hangover. We were animals last night. Damn you Jaeger!!!
Totally understandable.
I have seen Georgia O'Keeffe paintings in Santa Fe museum really colorful beautiful paintings. I will watch the movie tonight.
How fun! New Zealand sounds amazing!
Yeah but he didn't three-peat so I'm not impressed.
"One of the functions of government is to allow and facilitate the unfettered pursuit of happiness." Doug Blackmon
thx, ! Have a great weekend.
Tomorrow 9am Group Class!!!! Come for your first time or bring a friend and get a FREE recovery drink!
I vote that he is now 's. If you drop him, you drop him, impatience will not be rewarded by our league.
Just got home from school :)
aw look at the great great grandma puppy lol ;)
Taking the train up on Thurs... Unfortunately no more media availability until postgame Thurs. night..
Thanks! I might still try it. Who knows? Maybe person 201 gets a door prize. :)
We'll keep an eye out....
Thanks for the mention! Have a great weekend!
RT : Qwrap. Time is almost up. Please reintroduce yourself. Share links, requests or shameless plugs.
why is that?
#Ecclesia2012 Oklahoma Team make sure you are honoring your covenant and devotion! Prepare your heart for what God is going to do June 4-12
Poor Newt tells the truth once in his miserable life & it will cost him his political career . Politics as we know it
RT : Seeking on-location lifestyles #photographer in #Sacramento/foothills area. Pls forward recommendations. Thx!
Aces performing at trinity river sports bar on lamar sunday nite...opening for trap squad...its gonna be hot in the Big D mayne hold up
RT--> RT for your chance to win 2 tickets to see at on May 1st!
RT : get a cab and say "Twin Anchors"
Welcome - we've been waiting for you :)
I was about to instagram my chipotle but I was too hungry so I ate it...
#fishfry, fish tacos and rushing waters trout on special tonight!
I won't pick up.
Yes it is RT : It's just so much nicer when someone makes you smile more than frown.
Best movie ever, Seriously intriguing RT : Stumbled across documentary "Catfish". Look into creepiness of Facebook stalking.
#askToni-i have lupus & I'm trying to stay optimistic b/c I've got a lot of lbs to lose.Thanks 4 sharing your story!
The amount of love someone feels for you is inversely proportional to how much you love them.
My husband is so cute when he tells me "stop shopping for the new house". He says it like he thinks I'm listening.
We have a couple new beers to check out: Brasserie Pietra Colomba White Ale & Brasserie Duyck Jenlain Blond!!
Bro my mama be trippin tho..
Pro Forma => For form's sake
Jack in the Box!
Trying to figure out the crazy highways in the DC area.
Calling out to creative minds -- what type of app would you like to see created?
“Genius is nothing but a great capacity for patience.” Georges-Louis Leclerc Buffon (1707-1788)
Stop by the memphissurplus booth at the #choppersshow this weekend. Pick up our coupon and receive 10% in store purchases from 4/19-4/28.
ok average
So wait, *this* little plane is flying us all the way to Dallas? Hope I make it to Denver in one piece.
Stay tuned for more info on the job front....
I forgot all about my applesauce :3
Leaf blower guy and I are now buddies. --> amigos?
My creativity cravings are becoming more frequent! Where's the time?
lol I'm talking about my brothers son
lmao. RT ryan ross is George Harrison reincarnated. the more i watch Help! the more i think of ryan ross. George= George. WEIRD.
Teuxdeux is a super simple too do list. I'll chk out What's it for?
you boys are #hockeygods great job tonight we are with you
food that's always in my house. 1) double stuffed oreos. 2) lunchables 3) koolaid
Yes, I was hired by Universal because they needed a comedy director
Its not only making the tough decision, but how the decision is made, communicated, followed through
And always getting disrespected... she deserves it tho.
Watching the new kung fu panda series pretty good so far
Can't wait for the Tedeschi Trucks Band at the Fillmore in Denver November 18th!
Never thought I'd see a #Klepatz hash tag. Haha.
Y am I so bad @ going 2 sleep early? I'm still wide awake! Probably not good if I want 2 get up @ 5am
charterization /market approach requires testing.You don't like testing, but you like market approach.
The 5,000 sq ft Sharp Hospital green roof is finally complete. I'm so proud of our team: Pari Ryan,Todd Nelson & Danny Barttels. Many kudos!
extreme cardio, cut diet, supliments, and heavy lift'n
The most sexual song on the radio right now is "Up - LoveRance" smh
Yea I gave up on the sober life last weekend
hey player! that because I clicked on it manually, it now says I'm up in Washington, #LMAO you running game yet?
Consumed incredibly delicious breakfast sandwich. It was like a pile of cholesterol stuffed in between bread. Now entering food coma...
Wanna Enjoy ur Bday With Good Music, Good Food, & Drink Specials? Join Me On Thurs from 6p-11 @ PEJUS
doin a good job man. with all respect keep it up. u doin somethin good.
solid stuff from and on #Castle tonight. Representing and the
oh wow...that's soon! Big boy!
ugh, that is not what I meant and you know it.
flash or inner?
I always dreamed of being that cool kid even if it meant actin stupid.
pick me?
SOMETHING FOREIGN TO ME? GIVING UP
Penis galore at philharmagic
I guess that means we are done
Martina McBride on the #stagecoach heat: I've got a feeling I'm going to look like Alice Cooper before the night is through.
i sent you another email girl ..did you get it ?(:
Athletes hydration needs will be higher than non-athletes because of fluid losses during exercise (sweat & respiration) be sure to hydrate!
The secret ingredient in Weight Watchers Dark Chocolate Cake recipe: pureed canned sauerkraut. What?
Must sleep. Hope I dream of u...
I say love, it is a hunger. An endless aching need...
"And I will hide you when it gets too rough. I'll be right beside you."
I'm really back on Twitter and Santa has already messed up. Michele Bachman got a Cars 2 racetrack and some kid in Iowa got 10 point bump
did you mean that men fall in love with their cars?
are you sure pearl?
Don't speak to the man at the wheel. 責任を持つ者に対して口出しは無用。
Every night before you go to sleep, think about the good things that happened to you that day. Sleep in appreciation of them.
- TY for responding to me. I'm a huge fan and love that you are doing this.
u do to
Special recipe broasted chicken served with mashed potatoes and gravy, green beens, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09
Let me write that down in my 'Things I don't give a fuck about' notebook.
Another day of school
Spending a few days down South with the grandparents. Good ol quality time <3
About to kill it at Niagra in alphabet city
wow... Citizens Banks is the worst bank ever. A bunch of fucking crooks.
Get ready for a day of crazy.
There are an amazing number of people at the DSM airport this early on a Friday. So much for easing into the day.
and I got into a fight with ruxin about fantasy football. again, not , but rodney ruxin. I clearly miss that show
Turn off the smooth jazz Christmas music!
CONDO BOARD MEMBERS! I can help you save money on your association's insurance, better coverages & improve quality of life. Call me ASAP.
I hope that u had great birthday.
All #Chicago residents - check out the Chicago Tribune this Sunday for a great story about Nextdoor!
"I want to hear a gangsta rap song about buying a Cy Twombly painting or dating a museum curator." -John Waters in via
RT : Be smart about your image & HONEST in the PROMISE OF YOUR BRAND. It is the deepest way to ensure yourself success.
My colleague has partnered with Niobe Way at NYU and I have partnered with feminist/queer groups (3/3)
I used to live above a bunch of frat boys. They'd sing that song at the top of their lungs whenever they got drunk.
Okay if you paying then that's all that matters. Haha
Congrats for being named one of the Best Restaurants in Pittsburgh!
Awesome game !!! Awesome to watch !
Just finished the new St. Ignatius College Prep Choirs Face book page. Become a member and get up to date information about SI choirs!
Don't forget to see #MarkStuartDance 2nite We go on at 6:15!
Standing ovation for Coach
I was even annoyed reading my LinkedIn profile, so I did some major editing.
Bull shrooms and gay jans coming at ya. Comin' in hot!!!
i want to tell me he loves me #likenothingelse even if it isnt true.. sad? yeah i know.. lol love u justin
ruthless rye ipa now pouring.
g'luck
i love you more 💓
He's one of my favorite authors - thanks for the heads up on the new title!
Thunder kickin a
#I #KNOW #HE #WANTS #US #AND #SHOULD #FOLLOW #US #CAUSE #BELIEBERSGOHARD #SWAGGY #BOYFRIEND FOLLOW US(;
We just LOVE Can we all be interns please?
And this is why Ron Paul runs--to promote his platform.
The worst is getting stuck behind one who plays the scratchoffs at the counter, and uses her winnings to buy more.
CongrAts to my sister for making it through (with honors) dental assisting school.
You need a helmet, homie!
you just keep it together young lady.lol
you should see if they'll come in for an interview and just not show up
it's tough to do across the board... Any races coming up?
nvm it was about skins but it gotanswered.
hahaha shut up that was not what I had meant to say!! lol
rationalization is a winner's tool. as is procrastination. it's like tiger blood.
LOVE DONT LIVE HERE IN THIS HOUSE
Santee council approves moving the speed limit up on Fanita Parkway from 35 to 40 mph. Go Speed Racer Go!
thanks for all the suggestions! we are looking forward to releasing the names of some of the artists soon
yes you won because I accidentally hit forfeit in the middle of the game...
I can't wait until Lizard Lick comes back on I love and I miss seeing the show and her teaching thoughs boys a lesson #TEAM AMY:)
thanks, it hardly does it justice, but it'll do
Your pretty darn Intelligent Yourself!!😊
Oops, Ben forgot about the "no tongue" rule when on camera. Hope he doesn't get another kissing lesson! #bachelor That didn't end well!
We have already partnered with company to handle foreign. Image will be handling North America.
Been and interesting week. Ready for the weekend. Happy Friday everyone. :-)
Direct to Gia Polished Diamonds uk and new york. discounted... email
Awesome time shopping with my wifey #BFFL :))))
This sudden rash of homeless people pan handling with their small children is killing me :0(
Great class this morning, free lunch, track practice cookout, took gunner for a walk, now hangin with the housemates.
Productive day, business ideas, got to 20 pages on my paper, created a about.me page and ended my day at the gym. WORK WORK WORK
Evil router, framing Comcast to make me think they were causing the internet problems. It was you all along!
My brother and I just finished our ADKOT on vinyl "listening party." So much fun picking these songs apart. Fantastic album.
nursing a hangover
The only hope for me is you 😏
have a great night!
thanks man much love
#BaylorTaughtMe 's trending topic in a few years. ;) hahahaha :)
Waiting on lakers vs thunders
they have for 50 games, even though I believe drose will return! I know will beat the sixers!
at least it's a common interest with
great article on GottaBeMobile, but can I request that you not term the cellhelmet as insurance? DM me?
Back to working on my list
appreciate the S/O! You have a great weekend as well!!
Listening to reminds me of how weird I was in '05/'06. Skinnies, slip on vans, brown hair, MySpace...😒
Sorry to hear things aren't so well with you! Please let us know if we can do anything.
On a mission!
thanks so much for the follow...if you are in the market for a new mattress or new furniture please keep us in mind!!!
who's out with Shaw back? Stalberg or Morrison?
Last full day of #aam2012, I'm set to make the most of it. Excited for today's sessions: technology, social media, and audience engagement
“: Deleting your status on Facebook because after 5 minutes, and no body liked it.”
After SEO success we better start doing what we are helping companies do... SMO!!!!
Richard put clean sheets on the bed and I checked the beer supply. Prep work complete! :-)
Happy birthday !
Collaboration is important in building a dream. Don't think you can do it alone. The pie is big enough for all of us, or we'll make more pie
Jwr_06 most politicians are. Tell you what you wann hear but they don't care about the people
now begins the talk back after 'End of the Rainbow' #SUinNYCTheater #MylaLerner everyone enjoyed the performance!
hello world
Happy Bday to my lil sister, I hope its filled with joy!
Thanks for the RTs Carlos :)
that pic is ridiculous
RT : 3 trials in the next 3 weeks. OneNote with note flags will be critical to keeping track of evidence, testimony, points ...
homey i didn't know u speak latin! is that white ppl talk 4 "serious bizniz" perchance?
thank you so much!!
Good food at SFSU and a cute girl taking orders? Yes please. Check out the food truck by Thornton hall before 2 pm.
I know a bloke who knows a bloke who knows a bloke.
“: I'm overdue for some SOAD.”. SOAD rocks!
OMG that was awesome! Nice win... WOW! Awesome WIn big FAN.
You're very welcome Amy. I think it's a terrific project on & I'm enjoying it a lot.
": hey what do u use on ur skin its so pretty n even" <--I usually switch between rose hip oil and any good lotion. thx!!
Call me crazy, but I don't see #UK's guys getting together to say something everyone is already thinking they'll say (i.e. NBA draft).
Stop while you're behind and start getting ahead.
Nathan threw a high fastball out of the zone and Ibanez chased. Must have thought he was gonna try and sneak by a meatball to get ahead
i made it work!:)
Alex here - somebody sincerely chmod 600'd our server which is causing a ton of problems with permissions. Bear with us. We're working....
Focused day: Got 2 new DVDs about transition game & a 1-1-3 zone I wanna study, + a John Calipari audio book on my iPhone while out & about.
12 of the 15 songs for #HopesAndDreamsVol2 are DONE!!
anyone specialise in Employment law local to Newark?
OK. I take it back. I like Instagram.
a little late, but I had to get it in ;)
Closed on one and found a great #coastal potential.
Love the April Fools creativity + humor. Can we do this every day?
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!! I am grateful for the Universal Love of the Divine Spirit that burns bright in all of us and guides us all
so you're some kind of an artist too?
thanks so much. Just about at the finish line and quite excited.
Im not quite cause im shy, nobody plans a murder outloud.
Its sad how many people are posing as celebrities on Twitter. Bro we're not stupid... the celebrities have the checkmark.
and of course my new ones!<333
Bite Of Minnesota: Custard Tea Cake With Raspberries
Miss you! Have to come to Wales when I am back for a week in June! <3
WOW Coyotes !!! Wow, wow, wow!
Hard work pays off
I'd love to see him play some LF, just to keep his bat in the lineup.
4th Component of ethics training: Drive for employee commitment.
Danish Custard Pastry (Plundergebäck) Recipe &amp; Review | Genki ...
This lady on Dr.Phil has multipule personalities disorder its kind scary...
isn't unfair to fulfill your desire through your kids? they should be able to choose what they want to do with their lives...
RT : I just want to cuddle in bed while watching movies and eating whataburger
on my phone so I can't see/hear yet but I have NO DOUBT that it's as #AWESOME as YOU are! #Woot Woot! #AJFEVER... ~~~~rich
Excited to announce we will once again auction off an entry to the 2012 #Ironman World Championship at our #CAFGala in NYC June 13
Realizing more and more how college is so not a real era in life.
By now the dancers are the biggest stars.
surrounded by your top students.
Another "W" for the One game under .500.
Im totally on my period lately. Sorry if youve faced my wrath.
i wish I could be austins "her" in his tweets . <3
Dirty foot fight.
Sorry, I've been MIA for a bit! Blazers fans feel like if Rudy doesn't want to be here, then good riddance!
New iPhone/iPad app lets you put Naoshi's wonderful sand art in the palm of your hand!
Procrastination did NOT pay off. i owe on my taxes. suck
Greetings from the other world in Portland, Oregon! I see you are now following! When do you next PackABag&Go for a trip?
Met a guy.. he was smart and funny...
stan gets - body and soul
I hope Carey doesn't have any malice in his heart Sunday.
has to rush her to the hospital text my 240 num
radulov returns to khl. I don't see him staying in NHL.
RT : If you are a Zendesk and MindTouch customer contact me asap pls.
Omg its beautiful outside.
So funny, I forgot to laugh.....
rude ass. -______- you look like poo. The real kind.
She is doing this like, deliberately.
One month since what?
how bout u mention me on younow, a special request from a special fan for the first time ever<3333
So the member of the I thought would get suspended... wasn't. Roman Harper
The Literary Addict... :) twitter newbie! Follow me if you love books!
Lets fuckin go
Please don't use pic.Twitter, I can't view it on
Who wants me @ _yeager
haha thanks I gotta tweet it again
I'm all sad cause my mom rearranged all my band tshirts, and now I am sure a lot of them are gone.
Thanks for liking it & RT!! Happy now
NFL draft later.
I dont get how you could have the nerve to do something like that
Im so bored right now :(
I'm eating wimpy yummy
- but not that many, big or often. :)
oh it's okay, I know things can get in the way. There'll be pics up for you to see :)
Who thinks Tiger will win at Augusta?
alright, getting out of bed now. So motivational.
so is every ones happy new year i hope every one had a safe weekend lol
I love shopping on my own, so rejuvinating.
DJ Chris Roxx Tonite at The Place!
You use alot of hand sanitizer???
Ok it getting late here i gotta go to bed Now it is 1:47AM night :)
Are pedicures supposed to be relaxing? Because this just makes me want to kick the man in the face.
Bodemeister is favored at 4-1 but has no races as a 2 year old... this should be an exciting #KentuckyDerby !!
you have your phone or is it taken away again? Lol
Watching the injunction hearing re: budget bill etc. Strangely compelling. Judge very good, not "activist judge"
I watched 2 backpacks get turtled.... I helped in one.. #GuiltyByAssociation :(
American Horror Story: Horror knocks boots with Soap Opera. I shouldn't like it as much as I do. But then Jessica Lange. And then whoa.
Alex and Jack is trending
thanks for calling me tan girl
Really a bear at McDonalds? Isnt it usually a clown?
It's gonna take me a life to get me away from you
Less vs. Fewer. Learn the difference advertising copywriters.
Thanks for sharing the link to my survey! I appreciate it very much.
Time to get ready to go to #bodybuilding! #Work-Out-Wednesday starts now. *
Yep, they all had the black sharpie
My main focus, trying to figure out how to reach more customers in a very limited market. Cafe is in private retirement community. Hm?????
hippies are ten times better than hipsters.
on that u-stream I was just looking at. Had an old CRT on a table. Buncha folks around it.
where tha party at?
I bet Santa feels the same!
Christina Ricci is so fucking small in person I had to google if she had a chihuahua to make sure it was her.
Hanging out with Tom Evans... we are hanging his awesome stencil art for his show Sat. Its looking good!
yo 2k12 motto should be "cut the check YANDY" Fast!!!
I am now following you.
I am out of cuss words #Gophers 1-5
And though I was active in a lot of Sports and got along with most of the guys, I think I used comedy as a defense mechanism
Even if VA Tech Plaintiffs prove school could have done more to prevent deaths of students, damages are capped at $100k for each family
nice to connect with you, Lisa!
Heh. We ran through all those. And all the logger shows!
bet n wen u yall walk
Happy Monday!! Had an awesome weekend!!
What I would give to be in the UK student section Saturday.....
All Haters can't stand that believing in people can make a difference and it takes us out of oil business.GO GM
Tma event: what industries will struggle in 2012?- Marcellus shale related businesses!!!
ah, the voice of experience :)!
aw im sorry <3
got those little stupid things gettin' to ya , huh?
TY!! Much appreciated!
It's Refer-A-Friend Friday! Bring a pal down to 739 SW 10 to join Zipcar- $50 driving for both of you! Or, DM us for deets to redeem online.
goodbye to my other one lol
people still go to six flags ? Been there done that
I really like the heat's bench. Such quality players, such depth. Confident with anyone giving Lebron a breather
You don't have to hate someone for closure. I'll never hate you.
lmao. You're silly.
#cisummit we underestimate the value of great design
Printing & Graphic Design at Wholesale Prices Only in New York City! Call 1-800-PRINTING Today to order your Event Flyers and more,,,,,,
omg! Ahahahaaaaa I see no1 likes her wow!
awe!! Muff Cabbage what's wrong?!! :-/
Russia and China fire a shot across the bow… « News for those with ...
SenSourceLauren Thanks for following...
I hope it's cold for the rest of the year.
Everyone in the #pennst mob are just the kids that dont have fake I.d.s
yeah, HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY! :D
I'm in the process of making a Austin Mahonr Story!
If you care about someone so much then why would you cheat on them?? #RealTalk gotta treat your girl with respect.
Milwaukee Rugby Football Club fundraiser at the Dubliner tonight. 2nd & National. Food, drinks, raffle, might even pack a scrum down.
he follows alot of people randomly. & I was talking to someone w/ him tagged & he followed them.
My buddy is my real inspiration with these films.
Anyone else get excited when the new NPPES #NPI downloadable file is released? #aco #healthcare #medicare Downloading now...
Does Roger Goodell wake up every morning and go, "how can I screw up the NFL more"? Rule changes on kickoffs are a joke. I'm going UFL
SO glad won Best Ink, he was the best from the very start!
see you tonight??
It's a new day. Rise up and move forward into the victory God has prepared for you!!
thanks nice afternoon♥
In a glass case of emotion. Baby bucket list via sad. J. Simpson bump watch via funny. Twitter has taught me to feel.
Friday is a fantastic day to bang your head to BVB!!!
I thought Ted Nugent was already behind Romney.
those are prety toasty
Getting use to this new phone
Learn to start or boost your bakery business without leaving your living room! Order your copy of the Business of Baking Seminar DVD...
Good job Neil in Pit Bull your Boy H
figured it out hun! I'm followin u again
Very cool. Well-deserved congratulations!!
Come in and get FIERCE TODAY AT SMASHIN' LASHES Couture Eye Studio.It's FIERCE FRIDAY 21621 8mie Detroit MI near the Northland Skating Rink
“: Tonight is turning out to be pretty awesome. Yes!!” More than awesome!
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.”―Mae West
Thanks - we will miss you!
Heading down to to see Ryan Preece, zoke, put up the new
It's about that time!!!
girl i gottchu
call me.
Now is the time where I should be getting a lot of sleep. I need a lot of sleep. But I'm not asleep. And I'm getting up in 5 hours.. Okay.
HOW DID I NOT KNOW THAT FOLLOWS ME?! Answer this question?!
Every time there is a new network there are opportunities for innovation and new ventures -- semi, internet, e-commerce, social, cleantech
CGQ will be making the steak taste better this weekend at Pete Miller's Evanston. Th, F, Sa, Sun. Come hear us swing a tune or two.
no we lost three followers :(
I see the sun is back...does that also mean you are too?
I thought I knew what stupid was... But then I met you. I hope there's only one of you.
Cavs' Irving set to receive top rookie honor
Nicole Blumenberg - YOU are this week's Facebook Fan of the Week! Congrats Nicole, stop in any time this week to receive $10 off your meal!
So wrong! Haha! ": Lindsay Lohan Playboy magazine cover was leaked. I have seen it. My review. I gave it 3 1/2 inches."
thats what I'm looking for . No contract so I can back out whenever I want.
Hey Shawn thanks for follow, who exactly is SuzyQ? Besides the name of the song?
Jordan Jefferson already got waived lol
of course! I seriously loved the post :)
volunteering for #wearewisconsin for the get out the vote efforts! Voting August 9th!
"Joyful yeses - meeting needs - are the foundation of gaining trust from our children." Dr. Purvis
Is wondering if the mavs lose, will mark cuban shit himself?
Dobrica (from Croatia) is presenting on screen-scraping html into Z39.50.
What hurts the most is being so close. And having so much to say, and watching you walk away.
Thanks, #gwandc! I love your solution! Very SAVVY!
"Sometimes you have to take a chance to make your dream come true."
words w/out action is as useles as a bilion $ check without an authorized signature..don't mke emty speches 2 people who need tangble help.
like the blog
yea your gay
My goal is to meet one direction no matter how old I become(:
Today's best heard line: "Beware the articulate incompetent."
Gotta love Tupac..but he was able to reach a much wider audience in death than he did in life..same with kurt cobain & many others
Watch live now as advocates testify about the Anti Bullying Act of 2010 on Comcast 13.
I love you @>---- Danielle Nicole Harris <33 Emma Grace Harris <33 Zach Braxton Harris <3
Who will we see tonight for 's live debut? Roll call!
Come to our show tonight in Miami at Churchills, starts at 8:30pm! RT! www.facebook.com/iatfofficial
SO AWESOME.
have you gotten your banner yet for Saints Season? www.worldchampionfans.com
You should come see some of the still-locked chases of posters by Globe at MICA from the 80s and 90s.
that would be fun :D
“: Love him or hate him, you gotta respect Big Ben.”,yep
How should I observe or celebrate Cinco De Mayo today, #LA? There must be something! :)
If Um in your starting 5 you will neva need a Sub
Twitter has been my saving grace. Positive culture w intrinsically motivated educators. Best PD I've had.
lunch afterwards this Wed?
So excited to begin my week with 500 followers. Y'all are the best!
have you seem Wrath of the titans? and I saw it this weekend.
I've never been this organized, made myself plan ahead or been so committed to anything in my life! Serious dedication!
thanks so much for checking us out! Means the world to us :)
ha i do what i can!
I'll be live 4pm with important details about the condition of Junior Seau's brain and possible damage caused by football
it depends on how hungry you are!
Are on 2+2 all the time ?
makes it sound so simple
& people are crazy.
I watched that just the other day, pure cinema magic 💗
& WHEN IS #CoolMorning3 COMING?!
Did pop call that time out? Sneaky fucker
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter the first person I followed was
Okay short stuff, whatever you say
I know it's expected to hate on Diablo Cody, but I really dug Young Adult.
when will the next box be released?
yeah inbox me your number real quick
I’d be the last to say that my writing is worthy of accolades of any kind but I feel at my best doing it… I feel free doing it...
yo wat it is for tonight
A Tribute to Steel String Guitar Icons... @ Wisconsin Conservatory of Music tonight. That sounds interesting.
We know exercise works, but how do you keep from getting bored? Me? I switch it up...boxing, belly dance, free weights/machines...whatever!
Love Workin wit and #Success !!
I get that patience is a virtue, but what are some other, less publicized, virtues? Is there a list I can access?
Watching The Whole Nine Yards with my lady! Love this movie! EROCK
New Year's resolution: bike Capital City Trail 50 times. 1 down, 49 to go!
Got it! DM is a nice spot and so is northern cal.
Thank you for the 2nd season of #LostGirl and the 5th season of #Eureka debuting back to back with awesome episodes.
e.t. phone home
lol I don't remember names
Loving the day with my buds #cityisland..styling with the spring dress & sexy sandals.★★★
Tell Em ! RT Headed to ST LOUIS !! Wes poppin?
Haha, eating a kosher pickle as I drive through my beautiful state.
PHX will be opening at 8:00AM for Record Store Day on the 21st! Sounds like a 2 cheese danish morning to me.
Shit... I should probably start going tanning since I'm borderline albino
"Biggest turnoff! Niggas wit no swagg..fake polo..dirty shoes…ugly dirty fitted caps..oan stanky breath..smh."
For sure! It was great meeting you 2! I'm sorry I didn't end up making it to your panel, but I'm sure it was a hit!
Bring the pain!!! RT : Time to bounce back against the Rams this Sunday!!! HTTR
I have that app to !
So it's Ash Wed & I am giving up "Road Rage" for Lent. Big fail on way to work - construction & bad drivers. This is going to be tough...
Dear Mavs, please stop LOSING!
No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
LOL i like that
Working... checking this cool site out!!
the infamous A320 barking dog. Apparently it's a hydraulic pump.
Also there's a rumor will be in Springfield the ninth. Can anyone confirm this?
put on some clothes
You always subtweet . Why can't I
Sorry, Jen. Gonna have to stay loyal to my man :-)
I am trying not to bust out laughing. Her facial expressions are to funny. You know.. I'm good at pranks I got you!:) haha
opens in LA, NY & Austin today. It serves as proof that needs to be cast in more films!
everyone get ready for "Disconsolation"! saturday! tell all your friends to give it a listen, I promise it sounds sick!
Kinda hoping the new showrunner for Community is Chevy Chase
Are the riot police forming down on Route 1, #Terps looking good
Good luck!!! Praying for you!!
dude your awesome
"LAHV-AH-LOO-VIN" scotch. Is that how you pronounce it? Asking for a friend.
me2 but i get lonely a lot doe
Folks always commit to "stop procrastinating" but then provide no detail on what they want to stop putting off! Details help you succeed!
txt me so I can have your number hoe !
NO OTHER CITY THAT I'D RATHER BE!<3
Hey thanks for stopping by before heading to #SMBMAD - sounds really interesting!
when is your fight
I think i sent it to the wrong person aha. hold on.
I'm not sure if Brian McKnight is serious or not. But either way, its brilliant. He hasn't been this relevant since he started Back at One
Santa Monica improved to 17-6 & 7-0 in the Ocean League with a 75-52 victory over Inglewood. Solomon Singer had 20 points and 12 rebounds
That's lovely. Happy New Year to you all.
We so just won that game!!!
Conceivian will be on the Advisory Room. Come talk to us on how we can work together to build a startup.
LMAO!!! I'm joking
Wow, 15% of 486 librarians I followed are now following "me". Thanks! Hoping to have the list done in a few days.
lol perhaps or it's a just a creepily accurate portrayal of the inner psychosis of #girls in their early 20s
It's all good Adam. We're just tired of great players like yourself having to carry all the weight every…single…season.
Love and miss you too!!! I wanna come visit possibly this summer...
At Fox Harbor now but might head to the Can
“: whaasssssup Spikey! Congrats on you-know-what lol” wait what.
Everyone needs to go sign this! If you do nothing, you are part of the problem
thanks kyle!<3(;
That's due to their histories. One has a history of success, the other not so much. Have to work to get to that level.
Books are a wonderful mind altering drug for helping us realize how much we lie to ourselves as well as others.
Career Planning for Emerging Mid-Level Professionals at #vam2012! Talking about career journals!
Who is ready for some football!
great song
We need a star player on the perimeter that can take over a game along with ZBO/Marc in the paint.
Catching up on #madmen . Roger Sterling on LSD is brilliant.
Long but awesome day in Gainesville at Shands-UF Orthopedic Hand Therapy! Splint making skills were on point.. [Shanna Tolbert, OTR/L, CHT?]
Rivera Injury=Seau Death, in terms of coverage and emotion seems like
I dont see how that will help lol but I did for the hell of it
Idk what's wrong with me right now omg
The delightful needs to realize that his policies would leave MILLIONS of orphans without families.
#smh at ppl who go shit in the bathroom but try to conceal that shit. It's not a secret so let it out
eye lid subdued by gravity
You should have your own Plow & Police Escort!!
is currently available w/ Public Performance Rights and Digital Site Licenses for schools, libraries, and organizations.
Go Thunder!
Your ducks will never be in a row. The stars will never align. It will never be the perfect time. Quit waiting. Get going. #makeithappen”
Goodmorning ppl headed to the park to walk day One
omg really?! O: ughh I love him! where do you work? Blake is cuter but I have room for Jimmy (; haha
Flickr's problem is its middle-road nature. It's not pro enough for real pros, and it fumbled casual mobile sharing.
you would.
Happy happy happy
Because I fell asleep at 5 yesterday.. haha
and we have a WINNER!!!
I believe there's a heaven but I also believe there's a hell.
Today sucks
Who wants the new May 2012 mix from your favorite dj??? HANDS UP!
1.5 years into this job & I might just now be able to figure how to effectively integrate my copy cataloging team into metadata work. Maybe.
bring your love, baby, i can bring my shame bring the drugs, baby, i can bring my pain
Thanks for the reply. But what if you joined Twitter first and then launched your business? What if any would you do different?
better be ;)
"TELL YA FRIENDS"NO4 ft DMX,& DANI STEVENSON PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE.ON ITUNES NOW.VIDEO ON YOUTUBE
Boys boys boys.
PB in San Diego is Incubus covers, flip flops, and shorts and the bar. Sloppy.
Wonder if got here and thinks it snows all the time. From sunny Colombia to the northwest. Weather shock.
"Exit, chased by a bear." LOL. Charming write up.
That's so cool! Go Bella!
That was an amazing hockey game!!! Wow. Go Hawks Go!
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone is going to clean them?
Agree with you with exception of the Nuggets. If Bynum comes to play its over. Of course thats a big If.
I feel bad for this old woman next to me. Only time she leaves is for a bike ride around the block twice! I need to get married quick! Lol
ahahahahah he wanted to joust!!!!! 😂😂😂
Some people would consider this lucky. RT Rolling change and listening to "Simpsons Sing the Blues" on cassette.
Happy Valentine's Day! Enjoy some dark chocolate with the ones you love as a special treat...
Out of school early #YEE 😄
Viva Las Vegas. Have fun Brickster!
he was lmfao:D
you'll be seeing me and your biggest fan at Webster Hall on Friday! remember her? she cried in your arms at FBR15
"That was awesome"
TIP: if you're a marketer and you don't think like your customer, you might as well not think at all.
You're welcome!
The "film" Biodome was an undoubtful precursor to Dude, Where's My Car? and a contemporary to Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure.
sorry! What platform are you using? Do you have "related matches" turned on? if it is easier via email.
hey do you want to do a story of heath slater
she was pretty much the only reason I watched the show b
4 reminders / day to pick up your camera. Find a stool or something to sit on and take some shots. Use it as a prop; sit, stand, pose, etc.
Starting yesterday, silver came in at below $30 an ounce for the first time since...well, we can't even remember!
hey there, not sure yet, but doubtful, coming off 6 month detail at GSA OCSIT, how u?
that is outrageous false advertisement I demand a letter be written to the better business bureau...
#ICantDateSomeoneThat judge other people
i feel great today !!!
no I'm not what baby?
It's basketball season.....so where are you????????
me too!
#NPtech Tip: Want more retweets? Make sure your tweets are short enough fit RT and your username.
We will be at #Bama for their spring game. Checkout Bamawear for more details
heck yes that's us!
Stay tuned for info on how to win tickets to see a red carpet screening of Smitty!
Hi Everyone :)
ha it does!(; #justkidding:P
Monday!!! Excited and happy, scary ;)
#govwalker: after the recall, voters on both sides will realize recalls should only be for big issues, like misconduct in office
Naww I'm still super sick, I'll totally be sleeping by then lol thank you though!
Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic will play for the title at the Dubai Tennis Championships after both won semifinal matches Friday.
The world is all gates, all opportunities. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
yeah but she's a rapper it's these singers that hurt me the most. Talk about life, uplift women. That's why Beyonce is winning
Thanks for sharing the deduction guide, Josh!
is handling a 27" #iMac #Data Recovery and AppleCare repair from South Korea right now. Yup! We're international!
I bet my ex will agree with this!!! 😉 RT : A #Libra can become quite evil when pushed to their limit.
- she's on a plane moving to SF, today! That's how she is. YAYYYY!!! Drinks soon??
#Aquarius MB guy of the day: Roc Royal
hey! what's up?!
absolutely love Just put my son to sleep singing settle down<33
I need to see you RT : LOL
what does nf mean?
Interesting. And is there an effort to connect blog posts and SM to the physical museum experience?
Alright Twitties(.)(.)Its Pillow fighting Z's time!Had a long day&2moro is longer!7am Finish Commercial&the afternoon TattooTime!
good question. I don't know but if you find out, let me know.
It's hard to let go when everything u do involves them
: follow up re and syndicate... My contribution isn't too small, is it?
RT : Is judging the "Toddlers & Tiaras" moms elitist? | No. Their priorities are hopelessly screwed up. Next question.
A6: At GMU, we're focused on access for students, so our models might help to inform/not re-invent the wheel.
Have you ever ate ice cream wit a fork? rt if u have.
My family is a pain in the ass! And not in the good way....
Lurking ass lol
RT : "If my 2 girls can get a chance & fair shot, then why shouldn't every child in America get the same?" Dr. Michael Lu.
Glad to see Randy Shannon will be the Miami Hurricanes head coach for another 4 years. He deserves it and the U will be back on top!
- do you like twitter?
Betcha didnt know: Williamsburg was the center of the virginia #revwar effort
Talked to about the #drivnapparel record breaking Super Drift Jump with They're stoked - details to follow.
Rock it
I'm halfway gone...
Can't tell you how giddy I am at seeing the words "genuinely collective effort" written in an official capacity.
we are both from alabama
Good night everyone sweet dreams sleep tight dont let the bed bugs bite dream of whoever tonight
Thanks to all who participated in today's iSeminar ft. Touro College! If you have questions, please email !
Don't choose to be alone when you can choose to be a part of something bigger then yourself.
My laptop has been stolen. $1500 reward.
Cool- will send you the files soon. Its easy to use, but I will send some basic Vassal tips as well.
yinzers would riot
Sick pig bitch!
effing cancer.
I hate that song lol
I want to be someone that impacts a life, even if I meet them once.
NC State piles on 7 runs in the top half of the 1st off #UVA starter Stephanie Coates.
Whitehead-"we should be thanking the tea party for talking about socialism." even opponent conversations add to the dialogue
I really dislike Paul Rudd as an actor.
Shoutout to my new follower: Thanks man I appreciate it!!
woohoo - get the word out - are you thinking of applying?
That's a good point!
Registered for classes! Thanks for a great 3 years #SDSU, please don't make me suffer through my last semester.
and will name you the forever king of Rachel World
Kid Running In Restaurant: AAAAAAAHHHH! Mom: No yelling in the restaurant. Kid: I'm screaming. Priceless.
And this, among other reasons, is why the geeks love you...
I love you so much and I cant wait till your album! Could u please tweet me?!? :) <3
You have to be able to accept short term losses for long term gain.
Mug other actors? RT The real violence in Hollywood isn't what's on the screen. It's what you have to do to raise the money
We're wondering if you do any work to promote safe travel to students while they are studying abroad?
Another teacher addresses the LCPS Board on behalf of her former student who is now a junior in high school and asks to keep FLES.
crushes crush you.
What! They got the She Ratchet song on the radio!
Does anyone else feel like this week is flying by so fast?
love you to cuzzz(;
"Almost Famous"-fab movie, weird title IMHO. & Kate-Hudson-in-shades DVD cover weird too. Teen son had no idea, thought was a chick flick.
2 hours to game time!! Let's do this #mubb!!!!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
I'm so happy guize! :3
I thought having 1 kid was crazy til I had 2. I feel sorry for those with more kids than arms.
Happy Friday fans. What are your weekend plans?
I agree with you completely
So glad I'm in with my boyfriend tonight, like every night.
Pacheco fire update now on-line at www.nmfireinfo.com. Fire now at 3000 acres. via
Could you tell me who distributes Dog Fish in North and South Carolina? THANKS!
bro thats rough. i personally hate that im so hot my wooden house burns down.
yup. It's easy...like IM
#MarchMadness Tourney is a couple days away!! Open early at 10am! Jack Honey Girls! Early Happy Hour! Burger Specials! Both Locations!!
Thanks for the follow. Will try to up my parenting tweets. Such as: eat your vegetables, dammit!
OK, that part sucks...
Y am I having some major technical difficulties this morning?
-- Tell Me Ya Line Up Of Who The Best From PG to C
Going back in da lab
oh thanks <3
Our new songs are in Nashville being mixed by right now! Getting pumped for this!
the t-shirt design for our charity event is just about finished! you're all going to love it!
": Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we are here we might as well dance! #MarilynMonroeID"
I say I love him, he know I'm lying...
write a song about that situation. Ill do music, u do lyrics. Ready? Go
I'll go on a following spree if we can make it to 10 more followers!!!
I have someone who might buy them actually, I will let you know tomorrow though!
ABC, CNN Talk Sweeping Changes for Internet Poker in 2012 With DOJ New Stance
Who is happy that it's Friday!? We are!great weather for some pulled pork sandwiches.
About 2 in. on Phinney Ridge. Cab almost spun out in front of house, other 4x4s going up the hill w/ ease. Working late tonight, need coffee
Spam makes twitter suck
i goott it.
When's your favorite time to come to Maguire's?
Tragic. How old would she be today? What felled her?
And then the ph rang: im gonna sponsor your project!!!!! Omg this is what ive prayed for
Kamara has another cigar moment...as in close but no cigar
it very well could be.
so excited for #BckstageRush !<3 love you!
kevin harvick was fast from mid pack to 3rd in one lap, damn
It wouldn't be a road game for the cats if we didn't look out of sync most of the 40 mins. Not being picky but very sloppy at times.
How you feelin'....Welcome to Milwaukee, Enjoy Our City!!!!!!!
lets not be bums!..let me know when you want to get beat playing some wii again!..
Dropped sum $$$ at Betsey Johnson here today, therefore my dinner tonite consists of Poptarts and bad hotel coffee. YES!
is more amazing 😍
: RT : A special belieber died, and I know she's in a good place right now.
Swag it out! :)
I'll say it again. I better find an awesome Syttende Mai celebration in Philly or someone's going to bleed.
Feel better, but sleepy! Ttyl.... Goodnight!
Torn between amazement at the plug & play factor in Drupal Gardens (the theming!!) and wanting to install modules. Can't have everything.
I mean that today is my birthday, I meet 12 years and my greatest gift would be to follow me on twitter that is what I love u ♥ Goodmorning
Do you know that Kimpton Hotels are affiliates of the Diversity Platinum Rewards Program & offering 10% off their lowest rate to our members
Justin Vernon is just glad it's not him on stage with Rihanna!
Looking for gameplay programmers w/ 2 years of experience for studio in Bay Area.
ahh okay, so it simplifies your social networking experience by making everything easily accessible at any time...very nice.
next 2 you
Gantner leads off the 5th with a single, but the Brewers can't get him home. Still tied at 5.
I hope Austin eventually does make hope dreams come, I really do. He has worked so hard, I don't want that hard work to be for nothing
Thanks for following! Following back. :)
well thank ya!
u got barz ma
April is fine for white pants...yes? I guess it's too late now, I'm wearing them.
RT : BREAKING NEWS: House passes
my friend gave me Nat Sherman cigs. I feel so "bourgeois" when I smoke them.
FOLLOW MY TUMBLR. MY NAME IS nikolina13 :) thanks<3
Mitt's in bed with the Koch brothers, Paul Ryan and Scott Walker. Does that make him a gay polygamist?
You have a mac now? WOW
I get off of work at 1. Let the day drinking begin. Where's the best patio in MKE?
Are there corporate farms making rawmilk anywhere that it is legal? Jeremy - Not really.
already pimp I like your verse too bigger homie Keep killing em and putting GOD first and you.ll get where you'really trying to go
I have too much self-preservation for that puck stopping with my face nonsense #FORWARDFORLIFE :D
biggest sore loser
if you mean a set of Sequential actions, yes. Set the project to mark automatically when last action
me to
I'll stick my foot do far off in ya ass u'll b coughing up toe nails boi!
i follow you in u twitter Now please you followback me in my twitter Please. Love
Me me me :)RT : Guys who has got tickets to our 2013 US Arena tour already? It's going to be crazy!
OH: write well you do. Great promise you have.
...and I had to get a new iPad2, one that doesn't have hardware issues - cool, let's see where this one gets me :)
haha yeah just downloaded so I'm trying to figure out these challenges :)
Looks like Jason is , Steven. Hope you're cool with me bandying your twitter name about, Jason...
what, i like this song...
Once lived next to a child trumpeter who only played Superman theme. His mom kicked him outdoors, right next to our window!
The studio is Mac Pro all the way baby! I even have protools now.
not sure, max isn't one to book in advance, he'll just sort of randomly say it like a week before if it happens!
Judith Lederman who worked in museums focusing on primary level students. One teaching science with immigrant children.
Sneezed all over the Gutenberg Bible @ the Morgan library.
because its the best/ most time consuming website EVER
Yeah we still need a picture.
I need to double check but infant tee 9 pm for sure and us at 955-10ish
haha very true, but that was funny! You should bitched him out!
Thanks to all who supported! RT : Congrats to for getting approval for their brew house project...
And this is why you're not getting shit for mothers day
Put large amount of leftovers from lunch meeting in kitchen. Came back a minute later - nothing but crumbs remained. VULTURES!
Did you get to work on time today? Yesterday?
she is cute... Problem,? I have family who are problem solvers
Most in will be working until 67 if not 70. Do you have the education, skills and experience to continue to complete for the long haul?
Making the rounds on #MothersDay provides me the opportunity to catch up on all the great analog TV channels I've been missing.
"Tomorrow is often the busiest day of the year" - All those things we put off for the next day or don't properly schedule add up.
Realistic solution to save the global economy is for the Chinese to invest in debt ridden nations with their vast cash reserves.
Christmas at my Sitty's house 
so stoked my favorite #projectrunway designer is in Dallas tomorrow
i mess my mama's house :c
#PalmBchPowerPartner 2223PalmBchLksBlvd The Event Hall Suite101. Looking forward to seeing you. 8am Come.Get.Grow.Go
Guilty 😒 lol RT : Hahaha so true lol RT : #Virgo is a nag when they dont get what they want.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I wasn't cool. I'm still not cool.
Double #fail -- email notice to call Mitch McConnell at 5:27pm on a Friday
Loves Jesus!
: thx Aaron! Love getting your and KR's tweets on my phone..hope your liking the West Coast! Roons
great read!
I meant to mention in that tweet too :(
thank you! We WILL see u in 2012!
Hopefully with my boy tonight<3
Tweeting can be an art in itself. The nanostory!
There's only 1 thing 2 do, #threewordsforyou "I Love You"- Plain white T's <3
right? looks great. :P
Is really happy and Merry Christmas got a new phone;)
RT : Saturday, May 12th is the annual National Association of Letter Carriers' Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive. Be sure to...
Sittin here cuddled up with my Finn man  he's not feelin good but I'm not complaining about some cuddling :)
Come in to #SandwichMeInChicago and get the energy you need to power through the second half of the day and go home
You did! I jumped and screamed and omg not cool!!
we're totally honored!
Hey follow me please i would be happy
Hope we can do this again next year. Tonight was an exciting game to watch.
Legally blonde reharsal, jazz, ballet, apple store, gym, then seeing show. WOOF! Tiring day
Google Plans New $300M Data Center In Council Bluffs, Iowa
I need a nap or more coffee..
I know what you mean. My 20-yr-old daughter is my personal trainer.
oh true dat son!
right me too
Thank you to Next Act Theatre for helping to make our 2010 one-act plays a success! Please support Next Act's 2010-11 season!! :)
farmer's market or the smoothie ?
Not bad not bad. Ready for some sunshine!
looking for beats for next mixtape send some heat to my email roundtablegenerals up north down south dont matter IRS IRS
does it ever make a difference?
You'da thought that Tony Parker and Manu and four rings woulda taught the world that wouldn't you? Sometimes we're just slow.
Yep! It's all about me! Karma put me at the top of her hotlist years ago. Sorry! Lol
IDK re a link. this AM they were talking about how for $500 to their Cap Campaign you can get two names on the wall.
No ginger but myself.
I'm sorry, what language are you speaking? It sounds like bullshit.
I think it's funny how we all hav friends comin into town this summer :D
“: #vsa2011 Picturing Success: Nice to start a session with an audience involvement activity!” I second that!
2. "How did our "Black" boys become girls?"
the only way to save the #Oscars right now is to find James Franco and give him a microphone and a bottle of Jack.
it was wonderful, it was magical, it was everything i've waited for, a miracle.
Your youtube marketing videos should only be 2-3 minutes maximum with a call to action!
Didn't get to run into you last night, but loved the show! It was the best show of the season! Looking fwd to !
...that would be pretty hypocritical, so I will leave that one to you.
I think you may be able to pitch this as a new sitcom to follow
You know I love that place! I wish u were here too :-( “: Sorry! I just left Zea's.. I wish I was in ATL with you..”
Umm, why not Merriweather Post Pavilion?
Instacast is *so* much better than the iTunes podcast manager.
I'm sorry boo... You know you always have an opened invitation.
I watched Lil Einsteins this weekend w/my grandson, now I can't get the song out of my head...:)
Criminals are criminals regardless of who they are, why are companies immune from criminal charges while street level criminals sent to jail
when guys say i love you and mean it >>>>>
"for libraries we have to think about emerging technologies in terms of platforms vs products'
some fruit sounds good right about now.
forgot their name. their beautiful. incredible. gorgeous. & their reading this right now(:
Michelle, you really have sensitivity and style!
why do you say "shit end"?
New twitter background. My other one was YEARS old.
I like that one!
lol what where?
Was I the only one who wanted Marilyn to do a duet with Tupac as the new finale?
What are you getting me for Christmas? I think that's the real question here.
curious to see media reaction to ron paul's finish in iowa straw poll.
This is how we team build on a Thursday afternoon:
yep. still in pre-production/financing at the moment!
Homeless friend says "have a good day on purpose."
If you aint my nigga , don't expect the world from me . If you're mines , you can expect everything from me <3
LOL ok u had permission to help. :/
Get rid of your #Pride and there will be nothing to #Hide - [{GQ}]
Arguments are seldom about truth & facts; they are almost always about feelings & identity #isastc pat bassett
Gravy-wrestling model hit in the face with monkey wrench after finding friend having sex on her sofa
ya but there expense like crazy
« Do the things you should, not just the ones you want to.»
Rat tail Mexicans haha
Making music make money. Making music with your ipad. Lol we don't need to record using amp at da studio anymore
Redskins Nation!!!
Got call for voter survey on Eanes School District, told her live in Lakeway School District, she said no problem still can do. Great!
Okay - You're awesome.
Someone from my office came to my gym this morning and he puked only 15 minutes in. And I thought I was taking easy on him!
ESPN FRIDAY NIGHT FIGHTS BETTING ODDS with preview! www.boxingbettingnews.com
its better you keep your mouth closed && let ppl think your a fool instead of opening you mouth && proving them right
*points at you*
I know...I just like to fuck with u when Ur goin off on bitch asses .. I wish I would have seen the you a bitch tweet first
I like to listen to Bob Marley when that happens.
I can't wait to wake up for 3 straight mornings and head to for all day bluegrass jammin'.
"Is it true that cats always land on there feet?" "NO! That's just a rumor spread by dogs!" -puss in boots best movie ever
pancakes at Jack's school
Dinner was great!
do the mybox tshirts ship worldwide?
Thank you ! And thanks for being a great host for our off-site meetings.
I so wanna key his car!!!!
Faith moves mountains, but only knowledge moves them to the right place.
Some people are so stupid it makes me laugh.
YOU'RE BEING BLESSED RIGHT BEFORE THEIR EYES (Ezek 36: 23-27) The Lord wants to be your only God and He gave you a NEW HEART! #Sir Court
Great day with my momma bear
First rule of survival in the desert. Walk away from water.
I take it you don't like him either. Not surprised. RT : z
There goes my baby
vs. your ideas coming into play after critical decisions about functionality have already been made by c-level/mktg/prod types
lay on your back and let your eyes find the star, you be my venus, love is jupiter, i'm your mars. we gonna turn this bedroom into the sun
The section on irony in the introduction to the Aesthetics part I is proof that Hegel hated hipsters before it was cool.
aghh that's too far for me to drive. nvmd then lol
No one wants to be on food stamps but everyone has to eat.
been laying low for a while. Waiting for the weather to warm up.
Want 25% off tonight at or tonight? Just mention #Snowmageddon & we'll hook you up.
hey, sorry I have been so busy.. And moms new rule no txts after 9!! Lame
I can't stand for sumone to say they gone do sumthin then flake on u
Here I am! How goes things, Enpho?
Days with really good upper lift and a good after school scrimmage are the best.
RT if someone in your family knew the words to #RhinestoneCowboy, but was clueless about who exactly the mouse head guy was?
Wow. You make me proud Portland! Timbers beat LA Galaxy 3-0.
I used Blogger in the past and moved to Wordpress. My recommendation is to use Wordpress, I'm very happy with it.
my senior quote RT I was wearing new jeans today and have just realized I went the whole day with the sticker on my leg..
Thanks for coming out to support #CashMob! See you again next time!
TRUST ME IF EVERYONE WERE ABLE TO SEE THEIR FUTURE ALOTTA PPL GNA SEE SUMTHIN DEY DNT LIKE
i think u still like me... Awww
What does #KimJongIl death mean for the future of North Korea if son is not ready to take over?
haha cuase I own some NY Cosmos gear?
just a cool move by Magic
about to go ride my bike wit my mommy for a lil while!!!
Cape Air Flights a Hot Ticket
In your opinion, what is the best current alternative to Bb and Moodle?
Sorry Fresca (new chicken place on Lamar & 11th), I just can't allow myself to pay $24 for your tiny organic sheeken.
lonely. Is this what we've become?
alex rossi w/ a 3-pointer to give national the win over the american team ... nationals 136, american 133!
The serves BRUNCH now!! Their eggs benedict is tied for 1st in my Milwaukee taste testing. & 95 cent Parmesan hash browns!
Olberman is a douche bag
Why can't I learn through osmosis?
I love Tanisha! the Star of BGC! Always will be, I look forward to watching your tv show Your Hilarious! :)
Arrived in Macau a few hours ago, love it already! let's wear off this jet lag by starting with a thai massage followed by an asian dinner.
I hate ths bus
It took me a full page of notebook paper to verify that, yes, I do have playoff hopes and, yes, they depend on you winning now.
so excited for our boy phillip
#MarvelGamesNews on the way..
Great call on ! F Pittsburgh!
Do you even have to ask;-) RT : Is it niggerish that my basement smells like GRAPE POP? Lmbo
It involves FEEDING? RT : In honor of Shark Week, I have an idea. It involves the cast of the Bachelorette. And sharks.
I love you man. Best man on any ESPN! I'm stationed in Louisiana. Barksdale, AFB! you should bring the show down there! :)
Thanks, sir! Mighty kind!
Waking up to the news of Terrell Thugs likely being shelved for the 2012 season is the best news I've head all week!
Happy my brakes are fixed...
#twittertools TwitterFriends: If you are using Twitter, you probably have a few contacts (= people you follow). Probably more than just a fe
nevr knew they existed. I know the Panthers wr abt equality 4 minorities, but weren't their actions geared/based on US evnts.
IT'S SALES TAX RAISIN' TIME Y'ALL!!!!!!!!
Thanks, Cheri :-)
what's the website I can check out? Do they charge on tent size? Or soemthi lol
RT : Ever try an organic beer? Peak Organic Brewing Company will be at Idle Hands bar tomorrow, Wednesday from 7 to 9pm......
Speedy fingers over her Cliff. ;-)
If You could collob on a song with any artist who would it be?
I can wear a maxi dress/skirt everyday of the week they're so comfy
GC panel #lcmo say they don't hire for the firm name but rather the practice group and specific lawyers who add value
I haven't shaved for two days, so I'm hoping it's the former.
Inedible waffle it's self.. ╯.╰
#WhenSummerComes Im gonna tan like crazy !
yes sir
and USA loves YOU!!!
is going to be at SXSW too! So jealous of all you people having fun without me!!!
Have you seen this sweet web-site? www.Nashvillehalloweenguide.com make your Halloween plans in Nashville early
Literally holding my eyelids up.
And we love you
Uhg. This is so STUPID. Grown ass women. Wth. This Sarah chick would have her ass beat by now at my bowling party. Jessayin.
That's good of Ron to recommend me! I feel honored! :-)
wow! Never thought of it like that before :) thank you! hope you are having an amazing day!
Retailers will be wise to recognize the teen trend in habitual data consumption via mobile phones and the bonanza it represents
will there be an official music video!?!
yeah that sounds good
I'm sitting next to 's mom right now.. & she's not here..
Thank you!
` bout to cook & clean up so on comes
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 6
i just want a main recap!;)
it was really good .
you silly!!
Crafty parents: your children are welcome to accompany you to our Nov. 12 Launch Party. We'll have a fun craft project for kids to enjoy.
we got lucky!
Let's remember that we are the church and #Christ is the head of this church. Let us glorify him in everything we do, everywhere we go.
I am in the Falls:( Damnit! I promise Ill buy you a shot soon!
“: hey what's good nothing much bout to hop in the shower & get ready for work & you!!”have a good day ttyl
I predict Man U will win 2-1
:D so tell me a little bit more about yourself :D
Ooh I'm going to start getting mothers day gifts yay!!!
how was everyone's #weekend? I caught a glimpse of the #sundaynightfootball game...epic
As opposed to a week? =P
All ready for Christmas
SOMETHING GIRLS ALWAYS TELL YOU:"I LOVE YOU." AND YOU KNOW WE DO(;
Alright, thank you so much for checking for me!!!
Norris lake!
I'm hungry and I want to eat something bad for me.
One thing I regret, not asking you to dance.
How do you go about learning a new piece from scratch?Do you memorize and analyze the piece away from the piano before actually playing it?
Think the #Brewers made a good decision on he calls a great game. Welcome to the Brew City!
That makes more sense. For a distracted moment there I actually felt like I wasn't two+ years behind in coding terminology.
A1: M Not really a lone wolf
Free stuff's a-comin. Want some? Duh. :)
I am, thanks! And you? Solid example you provided there.
...Good character, by contrast, is not given to us. We have to build it, piece by piece...
Venus is gorgeous low and bright in the sky here in the boonies!!
We never know the worth of water till the well is dry.
So who is coming over for mania cause I'm cookin' and need to know how much I'm making
Ok I'm tired of driving
thanks, guys!
O sister where art thou?
1 yr suspension for Saints HC, & Greg Williams indefinitely?? How did Belichick get away with his crime w/just a hand slap? #SpyGate was bad
I'm feelin 22 black. Put a g on it and let it ride
RT : On my way home to the Q.C!
I don't know how or why the #Bruins are playing as bad as they are but they BETTER figure it out!
missed out on #FreeCookieDay today at subway.
Oh for sure!
I LOVE your product,its mine and my familias favorite!! CocaCola is the best!!#just had2say
Life is too vast n broad to just settle down rt now, perhaps i'll feel like this always bc i am such a curious wanderer and come on, gt real
I hate when they close off 2/3 lanes on the Tappan Zee Bridge but THEY ARENT DOING ANYTHING with 99% of it.
Why does it bother me that doesn't love me?
": Where did the time go? "seems like just yesterday". <3.
Every conversation is instantly enhanced if you include these sentences. RT : Pretty much, pretty much. It's a lot of ass.
Great decision! You are focused and ready to make great things happen for next yr, all that is destined to come to you will in time!
:) my children are an endless source of material, and thank you!
at rancho some girls phone went off & they invalidated the whole room. Kids at my school are a t t a c h e d to their phones.
not much time for hanging out unfortunately. I'll mostly be in interviews. You can be jealous of that if you want:)
Twitter is oversatuated with spambots now. I look for real people who I find interesting. you fell into that category.
followed back.
Kiddo on class field trip. Quote, "I know it's about boring history, but this teacher in my school likes it a lot, so we're going." :-)
Finally got my phone!
I wondered what happened to Billy Callahan after coaching the Badgers, Raiders and Cornhuskers.
Our Mission: Re- thinking the way we see fashion and changing the way we dress for the 21st Century. See it on the runway Feb 28th
is that wrong? Lol .
Aww! Did he just pick you by like random?? Or have you talked to him before??(:
Thanks for all the congratulations re: us winning the Pulitzer, but it's really not that big of a deal.
#empathy vital for everyone a changemaker rule
Thanks Zoe!
lots of work but a lot of fun
Couldnt find my fav shoes this morning then I remembered has them 
who is it.! Are you guys hiring.? ^_^
Honestly don't know why I have them. I'll never use them lol
Thanks come join us! At Tavern Downtown for the largest rooftop deck in Colorado!!
thanks for the RT. My guess is that Apple doesn't like Yahoo very much.
Then call the May Tag repair man. He has a better chance of fixing this machine than Hatcher does.
Performance can improve simply by workign harder. Innovation changes the experience of working alltogether
i said the same thing
Pretty Little Liars . Yummie Apple Pie =]
Comment the pics and ill return the favor. Texts are welcomed:) ~*FaRmEr'S DaUgHtEr <3*~
words matter. I agree. some of what he is saying is just not what is helpful for teaching or learning. imo.
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too. ~ Mark Twain
Anyone noticing the new enviroment in the music industry?
If you look like your passport picture, you probably need the trip.
National Novel Writing Month starts November 1st. 30 days of attempting to reach a 50k word total. Editing cones later. Now I need a story!
Lets not forget that TO played in a super bowl with a broken leg
Will Make the Biggest Best Decision of his life YOU NEED TO SEE THIS AND FOLLOW ME !!!!!!!!! lOVE YOU <3
Happy April Monday!
#edshow OBAMA is the first GAY, DOG-CONNOISSEUR, KENYAN President of the UNITED STATES.
love you too :) sweet dreams !!
"IT'S BIGGER THAN HIP HOP!!!!"-DEAD PREZ "FAKE RECORDS!!!!" S/O 2 M1, STICKMAN, & FRED HAMPTON JR. "REAL BROTHERS!!!!"
watching #Scandal she a hoochie lol
#Str8LykeDes.. Gone live life....
awesome! I've never heard Two Door Cinema Club though. Definitely worth checking out?
Thanking God for all he done for me #blessednostress O:-)
Can't wait to get back into the gym
Funny, that's what I was thinking. Where does the time go?!?!
"Today's businesses need to recognize that customer loyalty goes a long way." (D. Dowdell, President of NJ Restaurant Association)
Morning World :*
CDMA will not last!
Beautiful, wonderful organized happy chaos!
Not currently but if we ever need to outsource for a freelancer I will make sure to post something here on Twitter
I love you because we hate the same stuff
Ready to get this #boxing show on the road! Let's rock! #dc #dmv - ms
If everyone played same amount of games, home and away, and comparable SOS, there would be no debate at the end.
hey, I just arrived at #dcdh. where are you guys?
I like the challenge #oomf lowkey tryna put me up against :)
a new icon?
I'm sitting here burning cd's for my car.
"LOL" has gone from the meaning "Laughing Out Loud" to "I have nothing else to say".
when life hands you lemons...Keep 'em! I mean hey, Free Lemons!
when auditioning for a role.when I come clean and realize I can't pull off sexy, I resort to comedy..and I do comedy so much better! ;)
Good morning !
i'd love to hear Where Have You Been by Rihanna on
Just woke up but my sister cushion109 is still sleeping thinking I should draw on her face, but don't want to get in trouble so I won't
too many
Hey caller, we know he said "axe to grind". Thanks, Bruce.
I love this show :)
I mean I'm not hating.. Maybe you should play me back on hanging with friends..
please DM acct# or phone+zip, i'll check into this for you
Goals for last 3 days of research trip: complete interview ?s, organize 2 more photo sets, install closet organizer, learn to drive Bobcat.
Yes, I go through all of those steps. And then I never get an email.
Taylor Swifts song, Eyes Open, doesn't even sound like her.
Taboo this summer???
Awful, sick the whole time
I hear you! Time for them to wake up and make something happen!
... Don't I know it. I tried to calculate how many edits it would take... And gave up!
Puppy power at the Campus Center today! #BARCS is bringing in pups to help you de-stress. 11-2, rm. 349. #AW!
I wake up just to eat Cereal in bed, then immediately go back to sleep.....
It's never too late to start!
AWESOME DAY!! First ever Heli' ride w/ cool people,dolphins,lava flowing 50Mph,waterfalls/streams, Valley landing, monk seals VERY GRATEFUL
i would burn the shit out of myself....
#war the canadian star linebacker! he just went nuts!
First day to cheer without my brace! Hopefully My foot will survive the tumbling!!!
Dear Bus Driver, please kick Homeless Man off the bus. I don't mean to be rude, but he rly needs to take the next bus so he can dry out
He's definitely got the look down :)
Hypher we all know what she wants she cannot deny it forever
:You just left work and they are puttin you to work again!?
Someone killed Don Cornelius
Im an hour and something away from by train. Trust I will be in new York every chance I get when I get the chance!!!!
The LA Business Journal hosted its first Asian Business Awards for 300 attendees. The 7/26 edition will have profiles on the winners.
Hearing Skyscraper.. LOVE THIS SING<3
ha ha!
#sxswi lesson #1 get to session VERY early!
Can go to the Broncos too?
Had the most epic fail trips ever:l, lawl
Wanna learn how to dance like ? Follow !
Theres a fighter in everyone.
So she's a quitter.
When Jesus died on the Cross, not only did He pay the price for your sin, it was also God's way of saying your life is of infinite worth.
And parched .
#ThingsIHateInTheMornings When you wake up early and everyone else is still asleep.
I gotta do some yoga today.
I can't believe that I only have 4 more days of teaching class this year.....Where did the school year go?
Walking to soccer in the snow with shades on
I think I'm gonna get the black one!
hjdfshkjsfg get on with it
so how far are the lakers going this year? Let me hear your prediction lol
Aren't they a great bunch? Love them! “: I've been watching #sisterwives marathon. Obsessed.”
Cant believe everything you told !
man i hope you will be. and who needs to follow doctors rules?! lol
i have heard great things about Mother's Bistro!
Where is the link to the article?
just getting to a tv and it being half time <<<<
Levander: Tech needs to learn humanities disciplinary knowledges, and humanists need to learn science and comp sci knowledges
I'm fearing that this is the inevitable letdown after the huge win at Leeds. Need to stay focused.
follow & if you go to Vegas, hit up Burger Bar. Foie as a toper - amazing.
Santa Monica?? I thought he'd be living in Revere.
Good morning! Welcome to my world of social media fun. So glad to see you here.
Some questions don't get asked because we fear the answers.
haha yeah evertually x) how old are you?
Thanks for the RT! So important to spread awareness.
Damn it Dillard.
Opportunity knocks
Cloudy day in #Manhattan. But a great day to smile at
ppl blowin ma high....
def! I'll log onto my other account () & give a shoutout to follow MidwestMahomies :]
Woo! Just got a EGift Card from my family to this is bad, I have finals to study for
Is it me or is Asher Roth about to take Eminem's spot real quick
S/o to my new follower
Colorful Raindrops
It's DuMont! Got 2 myself. I had 2 xplain Drag Queens, Gay/Lesbian & Gay Marriage all in 1 day 2 my 10 yr old girl. New deal!
You need to work on getting about a million followers!!!
lol its still alive ask leele to take u to yo house after college
You know classes are over when ...
Some people call me the space cowboy š
Need to hurry up & start planning my Booze for Books shindig. Picking an alcoholic punch recipe is the next step.
Please show a friend our music video for "Locked & Loaded"! We're very happy w/ how it turned out. www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
next time I'm in Minne we'll have to do a little #downwarddog together ;-)
i can't even imagine look forward to it
Am also into this festival. (April/May, I think). Are you going Julie?
Daum this cute as lady working out oo. :) glad I'm 18 :)
Why thank you, #Pandora, I absolutely adore 's version of "Can't Help Falling in Love."
#Arctichome You just gonna stare at me or Give me that Coca cola...
I'll be on KUSI for two segments tomorrow morning starting at 7:40 a.m., tune in!
well I'm mother marbles & I think she's hysterical also a magical cupcake rainbow unicorn
Heard is going with different broadcast crew for #TNF Great and much needed move, looking forward to it even more now
you were just saying what most of us were thinking. Pens don't look threatening at all.
#1DAddSeattleTourDate It's only fair. We were part of the challenges in case you guys forgot.
getting ready for work :/
itsSoberTime lol;) GREAT seeing you tonight bro! keep doing what you do!
If it wasn't for the amazing static cling power of the Swiffer, I'd never get this Dashboard Confessionals song out of my head. #amibalding?
Awesome, me too! ;-)
Watching "In the Heights".
ewww this dick !
Tell a friend, to tell a friend, to tell a friend about
!! Imagine these characters will spend most o'their time insulting others, widdling into open car windows, etc.
Birthdays are like boogers, the more you have the harder it is to breathe. Lol happy bday hope u enjoyed ur day : )
I'm new to Twitter, too. Great resource for finding things that you otherwise wouldn't know about.
RT : The hardest part about sending Navy Seals after Bin Laden must have been flooding the compound first.
Yes! Can we add you to our list of attendees then? Thanks so much! :)
That said, I'll probably finish it one of these days; just had to return it and get disappointed by it.
DV's Seattle office is moving in a floor below us this week. Jelly?
#WCIDetroit neighborhood opportunity breakfast
Started our famping trip with tomato soup and grilled cheese. #FakeCamping next up, living room tent.
Congrats to on his induction to the ring of honor, one of the greatest American born hockey players of all time
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Props to all of the irish ( and the non-irish, like me :P)
Follow me
Believe in yourself! It is the nature of man to rise to greatness if greatness is expected of him. - John Steinbeck
Drive sober or get pulled over.
I just took my longest (unplanned) #twitter break ever! I am so glad to be back!! happy friday :)
March 1st & 70 degrees I'll take it. You shouldn't take a poopy yard or yucky litter box, 1.800.DoodyCalls. $20 off your first month.
Of course you can! You will be great!
my mommy is mad cuz im dressing up as a MALE performer....Ozzy Osbourne! (:
GOOD NEWS: GRCH summer 2011 session is scheduled from August 1 -5, 2011 @ Rice Univ. The live music showcase is on August 7 at a venue tba.
The fact that a pirate ship booze cruise is in my near future makes me very happy.
yeah that!!! RT : Buffalo chicken pizza
The Awkward Moment when you're almost at the top of the rock climbing wall then you get cramp in your arms and legs -__-
Definitely! Would they need to package it or just print lines on a cardboard box and toss in scissors? ;)
Catching up on my DVRd shows. Just saw on "Parenthood"! Great job! I love seeing my friends on TV!
I have a whole bunch of clicking and scrolling to do...? And watching Charlieissoccoollike. Yeah. I'm a busy bee.
Food fact of the Day: April 12, 1989 The USSR issued ration cards for sugar due to a shortage.
Oh & two old btf songs two, I just felt like it was appropriate.
I get that way for a few minutes then I'm back to normal.
do you think they'll have another walk on role if a season 3 comes out?
Wow, mother nature is pretty bipolar.
Will do, Prof
umm.... pain medication... they want me to shut up and sleep but i never will
bowling like a gee!! cause
Mark your calendars, New Yorkers. will be back at Rockwood Music Hall on June 2nd.
That awesome moment when your favorite song gets played on pandora 4 times in the day!
love you too girl !
Are you rejoicing or complaining? :) I'm not loving it. RT : more rain! more rain!
That in no way excuses local media from giving the team, the organization, or the sport its due.
my boyfriend sorted it for me thanks though! :)
just realized this show called ninjago has a lego guy called Zayn !! :D
EUREKA!!!!!! Finally, why do i always have to be stressing in order to make magic happen, lol ugh, lol
is this Friday and not a peep from
I'm not even trying and I see the yelp icon twice, as well as both flipboard and scrabble icons. Definitely poorly executed :(
Provisions are packed, and I've had an extra espresso. I think I'm ready for 6 hours of Wagner at 10am.
Lovely morning here in Miami, Florida. Smile, laugh and be kind to others, it's contagious.
If tomorrow wasn't promised, what would you give for today?
I repeat myself when under stress. I repeat myself when under stress.
Every kid in America deserves to have a library in his pocket.
There is a whole lotta unfortunate cleavage in our nation's capital.
Yay! I am near top of the TA list for a few very interesting sounding courses outside of my main discipline! Winter 2013 will be fun.
Brand new book out NaLee check it out at NaLee2010.com pure fantasy to feed all your senses the beginning of a TRILOGY
I love how Facebook shows when people comment on others Facebook post or pictures. Prove me wrong every time.
Did you know: When you run an RSRA with Phase One Inc we will deduct the price of the report off of a Phase I for that property!
is on stage now and they are awesome! If you missed them this time, don't make that mistake again!!!
William Pickens~ Living together is an art.
Beth Ann frazho? Sister of John, glen, Gary, Dennis, and Kurt???? Wow that is a mouth full!! If yes, please contact me via twitter
that seemed pretty amusing from my vantage point at Olive 8.
Oh God lol
"Nigga they made them gats. They got some shit that'll blow out our backs ..... from where they stay at."
nope. hope you are well and hopefully Katie is feeling better:)
nope chicken soup
I'm sad that I have a meeting and can't be there with you too!
dylan cutshaw. But im not worried. The ER filed a police report on that
Hey #ForestPark! 's grand opening is tomorrow from 6-9! Stop by for champagne, lite bites and 15% off!
dig your tweets. No return follow?
#cl315 Utnapishtim's description of the flower reminds me of way acai berry is advertised
from where says
you drive slow as hell. Speed up grandpa.
Will do! Like, 9 years ago! When we were only teenagers.. ;)
uhmm yea u do:)
That 7 year old on the drapes was the best so far
Some ladies look good in spandex.
hell yea it was a hell of a day ..wen we gone get n da yo
FINALLY eating...
Nice to have everyone on the Eli bandwagon with me. Welcome. It was lonely here in 2004
John Daily... I hate to burst your bubble, watching your show does not make me want to fuck
Just saw a cop ticket 3 different cars for parking facing the wrong direction on the wrong side of the street.
Very interesting points by Dr. Stephen Rouse about additive manufacturing in medical devices and healthcare.
Philly folks: have 1 ticket for tonight's performance of 12th Night @ 7 by Pig Iron. Message me if you or someone you know can use it.
thank you for the retweet sister!
If #Romney is the nominee then the South could be in play for #Democrats. VA, NC, TN, etc.
We need something new to invigorate that genre, before it just becomes a parody of itself.
When is 80s prom?
haha. Maybe one day, that relationship won't last. That's a top notch woman for one of the best footballers around.
when's your next event ?
www.worldchampionfans.com Saints Season is upon us..... Get your banner, only a few days left to register!
ah yes, I know what book you're talking about now. Thnx :)
So that Abe Lincoln movie is actually a real thing. With actors and sfx & everything. Twirls An axe like he's auditioining for color guar
what are you giving up for lent?
The pictures are so real and alien looking. It's gross!
ran out of spinach so i used straight kale...not my best smoothie.
Yeah? I haven't heard too much of Thelopious London mayne
#qotd: You have been very well trained to downplay any physical discomfort...be good to yourself.
#WW #wine RT Are you planning any wine-tasting trips for 2012? We've been having great weather here in Napa Valley!
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 48
hell yeah lol
well for you but to her im just a child lol
dj shy and dj dario from power 98 will be in da mix 2marrow at the state capitol
Both. Foundation of beer, then shots as nitro to push through checkered flag. Or checkered toilet bowl. Whatevs.
today i had a #tape fight , a #water fight , AND!!! a #MUD fight ! so fun who doesn't luv little siblings ?
The ladies in this salon callin kanye west gay....lmao
I can't believe ive never seen you there, I used to go all the time with my dad!
1-800-BOB-STEAM RT Going to tweet a winner every week starting this weekend. Stay tuned. Going to call it Steam Release.
I dont want to see #Kardashians on my TV, computer, at the check out line! ANYMORE! Someone please tell me WTF they contribute to society!
This weekend - Cards v Pirates. All out on the table!
Now selling our autographed book 'Within the Power of Universal Mind' direct from our site! www.sparrowkane.com Check it out!
Practicing tripod in order to work up to crow pose. I will learn inversions if it kills me.
Consumers Focus On Healthful Foods : Convenience Store Decisions
Live, Laugh, Love. If that doesn't work, Raise, Aim and Fire.
Justin Drew Bieber Mallette follow me please :D
I miss talking on the phone.....sigh
"The man who knows somethings knows that he knows nothing at all" RT ... I'd probably know MORE now. Lol
that makes no sense whatsoever
Did you know that Demi Lovato took classes with us in 1999? cc:
we need more goals, Vancouver will be attacking on the next half
I am really torn about my team for #Star what a hard decision!!!!
Snooki being famous is worse. It speaks towards America's preference of people who add no value. none at all.
playing hard to see lol
Cubbies game tomorrow with my fave !!!!!! EEk!!!!!
Depends, if its a single point of failure in a time crunch its more acceptable than code in a green pasture with no constraints
Tip: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in San Marcos!
Check out our new Boston apartment videos @ YouTube.com/ProperRG. Request apartments to be filmed!
We're looking into it! Looks like a pretty fun game. Seems like Sim City with extra personality.
This weekend is about to be hecka fun . (:
Enjoyed the first two eps, plan on catching up this weekend.
lol. Forest park sucked. I just loved my friends. And you'll eventually get there. Lol.
sometimes my job is excellent.
He uses the term info-activism. Love it
I am loving this spring weather :)
Talk about a flashback from 9th grade. Can't believe I fucking saw that boy today. I just feel sorry for him and his fat ass.
agreed. No doubt.
lots of "horrible rumors" twitter spam today. Don't click on links in those messages.
Any idea of what kind of money Winston got?
If we can only be together in my dreams.. I want to sleep forever♡
So I wonder if Michael Jackson still had a black person's penis when he was white?
In the end, I can't help but think it's just better etiquette to start w/ business-dedicated methods.
thanks so much for the follow Jenni! Let us know if you have any mattress or furniture needs!
Being a Cowboys fan is detrimental to my health for sure!
Power of the people is stronger than the people in power
RT : People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it. -#nevergiveup rt
"When the country started, voting was restricted to citizens w a financial stake in small govt. Now anyone with a pulse can vote."
happy Easter bro enjoy your day. Still training, I may out there April 21st. I will let you know when I figure everything out.
Happy Easter & Happy Passover to all! We hope you enjoy this beautiful Sunday with family and friends. Enjoy!
thank you so much!!
Uhm.. Your opinion isn't needed. Imma do what I want.
#museweb Seems that it doesn't matter what size the museum, it's whether it fits the mission and there is staff to support.
I'm to lazy to finish spamming.
Wait. It passed? I've been on public transit. Someone hold my wig.
It's actually a village.
wait Dr. Laura's still around? Ah, run!
EW that sucks 😞 haha we shall find some interesting tidbits from AA to add to that though ;)
Great play by Cush!
Wish your mom a Happy Mothers Day for me?(: May she have a blessed day! Without her, you wouldn't be chasing your dreams.<3
She had forgot how good the head was
Anymore Shout outs anyone? HMU
think they will sit on that until 6:30 newscast?
I was 7 years old when I bought my neighbors 69' Apollo original red sparkle 4 pc. Wish I still had it :/
Nickelback in named after the guy who throws the ball in Canadian rules football, right?
Scowcroft: Erdogan's falling out with the Israelis means Israeli strike on Iran would be incalculable negative effects on US
BTW, the #Lisagor Awards are for Chicago journos. I knew none of the contestants. Their work spoke for itself. Enjoyed reading & judging.
hey so I have a final scheduled until 12:30 this Friday but I'm guessing I will be free by noon. How's your schedule looking?
Innovation is the result of creation.
Worked with Dawn Upshaw in Carnegie Hall performance of Ainadamar by Golijov. She is VERY nice and down to earth.
oh no! I just heard that #vidalsassoon passed away today. We had taken photographs of him at his home. Such a lovely person. Def be missed
we'll be waiting for you! (but we will start class on time!)
Right! I hate it when that happens, specially when you just washed your car the day before.
Odd. People tell I'm simple all the time, but they usually are shaking their heads in despair when saying it.
the realization of knowing you have no chance with </3 sad times lol.
Looks so amazing! Your pics always make me hungry :-)
Hehe today I tripped me stupid brother or what I like to call my sister!
The first track on "Radio Music Society" (Radio Song) is smoking. Demonstrates Esparanza Spalding wide range musical talent.
It's cause he is the dumb one! with
yess! And two if you have them but if not that's cool I deff need one
I'm Going Backstage & I Get Things Signed & Stuff So I'm A Make Something & Have Them Sign It For The MB Fans
Sorry it's been a while.
When your sick and about to leave school but some idiot decides to rob walmart and you have to wait until the lock down is over. <
Merry Christmas, fellow felons. One more holiday before we can breathe easy and begin resolutions. What will yours be?
Thanks for the RT, Denise! Glad u enjoyed the study.
Joe' feel better soon!! Thx 4 fwding my email to Angie! :) Hope we can set something up for the Latin American audience! xo
Classical Music!
Your welcome! Thanks! I did!
Fuck cats, them creepy shits RT : ill kick u back RT RT I hate cats.. Don't feel bad if I kick yours.
Well, I'm signed up for Rock n Sole. Bedtime.
Looking forward to hear more. RT : Gearing up for mobile panel at #wommu featuring &
DAMN, YOU DID IT AGAIN...WELL DONE BASED GOD'S FATHER!
just wondering nigga
happy sunday to all my friends and followers here... lazy day here as Kathy
If you were in the teaching with the iPad session, PDF is now uploaded to conf. site.
are u back in the Chi?
Sessions at #mobile2012 to include "iPads in the Science Classroom," "Collaboration in Hand" & "Using Apps in Literature Circles."
what's word? Did u get cleared
Our friends will be releasing their NEWEST SINGLE early this Tuesday at 12pm on (Facebook.com/thebornready) Check it out! RT
this is my awesome site
Welcome to the Steeler Nation,You are a very Baad man:) Ok we do not like Ravens or Browns,glad to have you in Black and Gold:)
and thats why your a fat kid
Are you working over there this week?
I think I look at twitter much while I drive. #imhomealready?
If you want people to collaborate with you, give them a variety of ways to self-select how to collaborate.
lol thanks bro!
that guy is really stupid. Js
CSE 321, Physics 112, and Discrete Math. This is a gonna be a fun quarter!
I'm paranoid when it's late at night. Anyone else?
tim tebow come to jets nation we need you on the team you could be the man i'n jets nation
i will now, that i know what it does. Thanks
So y does this bird run away from a car instead of jus flying way??
Hey! not much! hbu?
yeah you should come to America :)
So bored -___-
Just made red velvet pancakes with mix from the griddle. Not bad, but rather go there for them. #pancake pleasures
why the fuck is there advertisements everywhere
thanks and yw :)
I would! I love the cuddle fabrics and Cat in the Hat just rocks. :-)
I hope that you have an amazingly magical time!
too weird. Lol
SUMMER IS COMING FINALLY! Ordered my fashionable swim suit today!!!!!
Did you know Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan) on "30 Rock" has an Inada DreamWave chair in his show dressing room? Come in & try it for yourself!
Remember Woolworths? Take a trip down memory lane and see photos and other items from Maui Mall’s past and present in our new wing.
Keynoting in tandem: next week's and the following week's. Good solution for writer's block: do something else productive.
Hahahaha I was reading all the tweets from yesterday x) I fail.
Had fun yesterday with a day off from poker, excercising, eating good food, and partying. Looking forward to playing NL cash or a MIX today
lol we use to always play that
Mark, if you're really in Dallas, you owe us a fishing picture PRONTO.
happy belated, we share the same day!! Hope it was a great day for you
#gratitude steady work, promise of good weather, My Mark, scrounged spare parts, good people, brown rice, my bike, breathing room.
The scene: Notre Dame (the French one). The awkwardness: "Hump Day again."
Watching and dish out the strategic planning jams!
agreed 100%. I'm so over this class.
Thanks for the shout out!! RT We are loving and their #free resources!
I'm thankful for all the family members packed into my parents' house, too much turkey and successfully resisting the urge to go shopping.
Mirna White says she is not aware of current LGBT organizations' issues of marriage equality.
We thought we lost a case full of my son's DS games back in Feb. Found in armchair cushion last week. Hooray!
OMG, is it, it can't be ! ITS (dramatic voice) lol
That is the RIGHT attitude! RT : better b safe or i'm never watching #dwts again
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you.”
I'm at lucky strike again. Bowling with my girlfriend. Two days straight of bowling.
my mom never yells at my brother for anything WHAT THE FUCKITY FUCK
Take a shower, switching between cold and hot water.
Great area... man you're going to have a blast! I lived in Manhattan for 3 yrs b4 moving to Cali and loved almost every minute
Woah, you're friends with THE Eddie Money?
I have complained to they blame for the bad feed
The new confetti cake blizzard commercial woke me up. The problem is it's hard to find a Dairy Queen in Chicago. Afternoon!
Thank you. I hope so too. :)
tips for upper body training for women, please! Specifically the "pull up" muscles! THX!
Whole family cuddling in one bed watching Elf.
I'm doing HTML & CSS in it's amazing how much I remember from HS computer science class. cc
If you are married and completely ridiculously good looking please refrain from dancing with me of conversing
Eat at Provence today for Dine Out. 30% of our sales at Hillsboro Village & Downtown Library will go to Nashville CARES
tomorrows the big day
Ironic ! My manager name is De'von n he young black n cute.n my boyfriend name is Se'von n he is the half of me.but De'von just. Ughh Idk
The more I use CSS3, the more I don't want to use any graphics at all.
But there are different types of being defensive. I think this is the good type that at least tries to engage.
Actually we are working on some pretty good ideas right now. What you got?
did not expect the discussion on jeans to be so useful! appreciated the convo on young professional wardrobes
Google is the cutest thing today<3 go check it out.
How do you know? :)
I'm gonna book you both one day!!
Students use youtube to pronounce words. They don't use a dictionary...that's why we should be using images and videos.
Good for you. So much can happen on the internet with children so good for you for watching.
Click. NFL draft time.
Is it safe for me to assume this is Mystique Macomber? And don't be offended. Most found out on Facebook.
will u do a duetceith ??
Nice write up. Done a great job so far with the draft. Keep it up.
HMM.... RT Gossiping is a feminine trait.
It's going to be lonely in tweet land at #AACU12GenEd. No wifi access (signal, but no code) in meeting rooms.
Go to the start...
Orthodontist in 20 min (y)
Friends are like boobs. Some are big, some are small. Some are real and some are fake.
SUPER BOWL! Stock up today to miss the last minute rush. Lot's of specials to make the commercial watching more fun!
thanks for the follow, congrats on your books...15 novels is quite impressive!
Pretty sure I just saw a homeless guy A/B testing his signs. Picked one out from a stack of four or five.
I'm nervous about our performance on Thursday 😁 - Zaona
Lmfao RT : We was there at 1055 lol RT : y'all not getting there before 11 now that's Bs Uhuh
I'm all Crazylegged out for life.
bro u got a baby
I heard been giving you work in #2K "I'm just saying" talmbout Practice! Yea you need some
Just swatted half a dozen flying black bug thingies. I think we need to spray bomb all SE Wisconsin
Question for #SMB what's the most effective content you use to engage with your customers? Blog, case studies, FB,Twitter others?
Can you #sneeze with your eyes open?
This girl in this class is playing flipping #mileycyrus...shoot me please...
Jenny Ybarra's trial is now starting. First witness: Jenny Ybarra.
Hi, I am a fantasy enthusiast. Who is your favorite author?
Loving being with behind the bar before heading to BK to see bestie for a night of theatre
Another local favorite on the field - the Avon Marching Black and Gold.
Don't forget your incredible beer. Want. Want so much...
Opened LONG $USDJPY @ 83.405; 5% of the community volume is trading the USDJPY with sentiment 26% SHORT
with my chargers! haha.
IN NEED OF A FREAK WHO LOVE TO RIDE D!CK
Felt out of place though in my swim shorts
The last time we played Texas in a doubleheader was April 9th, 2011. We split 5-0 and 1-13
What size? Location & amenity preferences?
Figuring out Knowledge Tree functionality while I clean up my music collection. (Just working between server lags)
Be sure to come by the iTriage booth and get your tumbler!!
Architects lead in vision clarity - ability to #inspire others
That annoying moment when you're trying to sleep and pass the door, wall, and another door & over my music.. I still hear my dad snoring
The only time I feel alive is when I'm painting. - Vincent Van Gogh
A new SHAQ in Purple and Gold! RT Just committed to the UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON
how long have you been doing it on your own?
When all you do is consume things to galvanize and feed your pain body, you will eventually consume yourself
RT : Celebrate your love of red white & blue at Smashburger. RT this msg. & receive a FREE Smashside or shake w/purchase of
Thanks so much Kathy. And Happy New Year to you too!
fans will come and go, but pizza will always love me back.
Brain fried. Dealing w/ TOS, risk mitigation issues, IP issues & other legal issues. Ready to switch gears
thinking of and her family today, sending her my prayers
Isn't it interesting?
TSA at LAX thought I looked like Dave Matthews. That's a 1st. Gotta stop traveling with a violinist I guess.
If I'm wrong, tell me I'm wrong. Don't talk to me about protocol.
Let me know if you ever have a question about your Directv service/equipment.
wow Rick.. That phone on your "droid" has a quick shutter to catch him in mid-blink
RSJ Students: Want to park in the dean's spot for a day? Tweet how much you'd be willing to pay to Bids open now for March 12.
jeezus they are good
wow doesn't surprise me.
#WWE So Did Cena Just Admit He Has No Balls?
Everyday is a great day! I have nothing to complain about:)
Nick Julian and chris still need bff's for my story!! ~Ashley
Down the street and around the corner from me...lol. Enjoy!
see you in roughly 9 hours!!! Have a safe trip :)
Hey, I try! (I try to rock those Stones songs, too!)
I called parents,dad picked up phone&still yelling @ mom in next room~YOU'VE GOT 20 PAIRS OF BLACK HEELS! THEY ALL GO WITH YOUR BLACK DRESS!
Girl-crushing on after NAILING her Sarah Palin performance in HBO's "Game Change." Most interesting film I've seen in 2012.
The best thing about university?...Cereal dinners.
Just an FYI, Lenovo released System Update 4.03 on March 29th...
proud of myself for getting up at 530am to work out! i was very productive this morning and feel great.
#BOSS LA FAMILIA#GREENLIGHT#CHICAGO LETS GET IT
I wish I could read in my sleep.
Good luck!
Best sample ever: Inspector Gadget on The Show by Doug E. Fresh. That's it. End of story.
Crazy storm in Kansas City. ☔⚡🌀☁
Age has extremely little to do with anything that matters. The difference between one age and other is, as a rule, enormously exaggerated.
are you tired? cause you been running threw my head all day.
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, "Always do what you are afraid to do." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Snicker, snicker. ;-) Found this to be funny. Thanks for the laugh.
Thanks for the MT ! Other than #osci and guggenheim, know of any others looking at EPUB/Kindle?
i wanna meet you ! <3 i love you <3
looks delicious, I will try that! Have you ever baked with sunflower seed butter? I have not but want to try that too...
sorry real late reply >.< yeah I understand my last few weeks of high school were like that too
you can still visualize what's in the book
lol I saw that. I was about to be pissed!
goodnight boy!! xx
stay pun it.
home from my williamsburg weekend adventure :) just cleaning and washing clothes all day....
Again, thanks. I "liked" it and will check it out when I've finished e-mails! Be well.
In new apartment in Berlin! Now, I just need to get my 4 pieces of luggage over here...
Genability is in the house all weekend long, come by and ask us any api questions you have
When everyone's tweeting about and I'm like Yeah. Y'all are wayy behind
Meeting #2 was a pleasure: annual performance review discussion with one of my great staff.
Geez. This kid is vain!
Want another way to track your expensive Christmas gift while it ships to your loved one? Why not place a personal GPS Tracker in the box?
": "Is Make It or Break It really what gymnasts do?!" You should probably stop talking before I hit you #GymnastsLife" THIS!!!
Who's we? You got a frog in your pocket, ?
thx bro U2. How u gonna miss this CPC? It's not til Friday, hop on a flight
What do you like best about Carrie Underwood or Lauren Alaina?
APRIL FOOLS
What's this crazy rumor about Lily & Harry? Hahah it's funny cause I met both of them!! remember?
Took a Victoria Wood song to sing for Donna McKechnie today. The U.S. gets the Mrs. Thatcher line but does not know what Vimto is.
Excited to learn more about my role at the at the meeting this afternoon
has found a new love for cheese cubes!
My ex just texted me telling me to get the fuck over her?? Wtf? Grow up.
My friend in this pointless anthro class goes- I wish I could just crawl out-
This month The $1 Million Facebook Experiment is supporting Interfaith Hospitality Network of Colorado Springs. Join now and help!
Due to newly added music I shall release Hype Machine Mix Volume 3 to VIP E-mail members tonight before I post social tomorrow...Subscribe?
Laundry is the worst chore ever!
Is that a bad or good thing.
So it's not enough for the Coyotes to get outplayed and out-hustled by the Kings, they have to be outclassed by them, too. Nice trifecta.
#Boxing Odds: Mayweather is a -800 favorite, up from an opening line of -600. Cotto is +550.
Did you confirm your acc? Go to your email that you used to make the twitter ad you'll have a mail fo confirmation.
Great stuff happening in Chicago.
Gotta try you guys out. RT : That's the #Flyfever!: : I can't believe that I love
Imma just stick with Chocolate. Vanilla is good to look at and all, but I'm good..
#DFWRhinos, do not despair!! There is still time!! Keep writing! We'll get there!!
Go follow herr!! (:
I can imagine you sitting there thinking what the hell are they talking about? :P
Thanks for shout out! RT : RT : Interviews CEO & Chandan Board Member Bill Hoffman...
Waiting to hear #Newark Mayor speak at #yeshivauniversity college tomorrow
If you come at me foul please be expecting me to come right back at you with a FLAGRANT, I HAVE NO TIME 4 THE BELIGERENCE OF YOUR INSOLENCE!
I'm in the same situation with my new product Writing a script for a video this week.
congrats lady!! San Fran is lucky, but I will miss you terribly!
-_____- you obviously think its a joke then
#voters-I've nothing to prove to myself: been proven in battle, business, & w family. My only interest now is to serve as your Congressman.
GUESS I WILL JUST RECORD A NEW SONG SINCE I'M STUCK IN THE LAB...#MAKETHEMOSTOUTOF IT
I love you.<3
The Gitanjali is still such a masterpiece...
I Guess We Spokee Too Soon ,
I wouldn't doubt it. It's been on & off all day. “: I heard there was hail in your hood before”
Anybody tryna two tone they iPhone hmu..
You know what? I really just don't care.
Rickey Lee Watson, now on ITUNES DOWNLOADS ,Hit SIngle What I Love About America,Time for Change Cd, no# 10 Independent Music Network charts
11 more "LIKES" to 200 in order to lose the wager HAVE 4 hours to go!
Back to school today! New CEO Brizard and WGCI came to Harper to ring in the new school year! What excitement.
look for misreported delinquencies, over-reported loan amounts, and underreported credit limits in our credit report
hehe that's a good one 😊
Hey , doesn't the removal of ships make Wake Island a bit of an odd choice? Ships were what made OG Wake so balanced.
I'm wondering about 's choice to have conservative guests for sake of debate when we look to it as progressive space...
Everyone please have a happy and SAFE Memorial Day!
Can't believe spring soccer practice for my daughter starts tomorrow!
Good Morning Dan, thanks for the follow ;-)
Courage is the power to let go of the familiar. ~ Raymond Linquist
Not even Drake? Cold
Colonel Sanders?
Agreed. All around bad.
- LOL! Girlfriend you can do it~:)
Duh I know who you are!
"If i'm racist to everyone i'm just mean" -Chris Willmott
Talked to him on the phone . Realized how much i love him and missed him
Don't forget to register on the forum so that you can join in the live chat on Wednesdays.
I jus thought sort of more than a friend thts all
you:hey cutie! me:who are you? you:your soon to be boyfriend me :no!your aint as fly as you think you are you:oh me:bye!
Great to have you here. Enjoy!
section reverted to such eloquence as "suck it, Milwaukee!"
i see you guys on ABDC
go find one
Happy Easter! Hope you all have a blessed and beautiful day!
YaY for your new monthly newspaper + great stopwatch, keeping us on track here at
I can't wait until I leave Oregon.
Accept and let go is the first step to moving forward with change
Get the big dippers and the ribs. Request corn bread.
its 30° in pleasant north dakota... summer can't come fast enough!
Would like to chat with you about your linked data ideas re
who usually tweets or ???? Or both perhaps??
That awkward moment when I'm winded from running.... No wait... Walking up to the third floor of PHS
Put on your calendar for next November in Greenwood, IN - Teen Film Festival - you'd be a great MC for it!
lmao how cute!
Totally! PMing you now...
The things we do for this boy lol. Watching shitty shows for almost 2 hours just to see him perform 1 song. We go hard man!
CAN I GET ANOTHE s/o
thanks! I just emailed you
God why does my #septum ring always fucking smell !
I forget. Something about uniting teams? I feel like I'm bad at that
showers on this friday afternoon. . . the garden and lawn welcome it!
if there's ever a movie about my life, i need u all to make sure anyway you want it by journey is blaring at some point.
how much is a full body massage..??
Not sure...definitely something to look for
kk but i have to make one lol!!:) do u have a oovoo?
thanks for the follow
Working on a book of all the unanswered letters I've sent out over the years.
Thanks- if you know anyone interested (or want to bring a friend) I need 1 more person to get the class to run!
TRAK Records and Library is seeking a Senior Analyst in #NJ who will focus of on Health Care Operations!
and then again, from dawn 'til dusk.
Metta World....leave out the Peace!! You're still the same DIRTY PLAYER!!!!
nothing witty? Are u sick ? Have you eaten lately ?
Funny, we actually have a print of that in our apartment. It's Brad's eponymous bachelor-pad touch. Hope all is well!!
Thanks for the follow! I love your work, is that a pastel of your dog?
If you haven't stopped by the pub it's no too late. Things are just heating up.
you got a point!
So far, best buy has my vote. Nicely done.
The rain =
11:11 - The bridge or transitional zone between the old energy world of duality and the New Energy world of Oneness.
nope but there's hello kitty cases for it :)
#sexisexorcise lets make it a trending topic shall we ?
Next time we must speak ! :)
Nope, but, amusingly, for an hour or so last night, the box would ONLY get OnDemand. I unplugged it, & it has since recovered.
good night it's late enjoy you'r holidays everyone and happy new year i wish you all the best i'm also on Facebook and google+ good night.
My Hot Electronics Offers the Playstation Vita Starting at $234.99
Welcome back, Jeff! I'm looking forward to seeing you and the crew. RT : Back in Atlanta for the start of #TeenWolf Season 2.
>;o) @ ...Wheatsville, Monkey Nest Coffee, Genuine Joe Coffee or Austin Java City Hall... unless they've sold out already!
#SmackDown ok get killed
Everytime I get a text or call I just hope it's you before I even look!!!
Why is 28 so backed up?
It's ColOmbia. Huge
god I can't wait to see that, afterwards I'm driving from the theatre straight to the gym
Just got new plates for my car - SPTG KC. It's ridiculous how excited I am that this wasn't already taken...
5 second violation - Tech ball
you ARE inspirational
Pick-Up line: Have you seen my enormous jar of "Penis Reducing Cream"?
I am in Las Vegas for business until tomorrow, June 1, 414-708-7033
im sowwy bby i wish i was going :(
"Can I build around fifty miles of Tehachapi mountains? Don't be thick in front of me, Al."
I'd love to be, can I roll with your crew?
I promise in real life she's an awesome person!
We'll be at Stand 35 at #ILTAINSIGHT nx week. Find out how can help yr firm cut costs & increase productivity
RT : No America. No. Do better.
I really like them!
Random messages from people I don't know..
I hate school. Have I mentioned that I hate school? I'm so stressed out. gah!
.wow !just wow!
dreams of swimming in Kerbey queso
Looking forward to it! :)
Am I allowed to spend the remaining time to be served in Colorado drunk off my ass?
Off with younger bro to midnight showing of transformers 3!! Yay fun summer movies
I can't believe went home but he will go far in his music career cuz he's gud
and Thanks for following
thanks man
I guess its cardboard and glitter cards this year.
have you checked out ?
Honey whiskey = Sweet Fire. :-)
If you're staying at an RV Park in Albuquerque and you need your satellite dish pointed, call 350-6428.
Middle finger to my #Ex cause you in the past
SOUNDS PERFECT
Hi Zy! Come eat lunch with me! :D
uses his program to start trouble with fans. Thoughts ?
- done and done ♥
Plus she a hustla aint nothn u can sell her...aye
Fuck something is defiantly wrong with my Twitter!!
I'm so sorry. I could tell you some stories...
I did my best to answer your question, it's one I have myself..
drag queens all over the world are so jealous of you and your realness
happy with the #Terps win, #TorreySmith performance ranks up their with Mark Mason and Lamont Jordan in terp lore; now onto the
Look, we could argue about this for hours. If you like elevator music, then like Jessica.. That's your choice.
I surely did!!! Thank you so much for saving my life!!!! I owe you big time!
Which Republican candidate do you think has the best chance against Obama?
College Football Predictions Afternoon Game:Texas A&M; Okla -500 Money Line and Okla -17.5
Looks like a Metro stop!
What's good Julie??
My family just tried to clean the kitchen with our magical powers... Why am I not a #wizard ?
Can't wait for Caps Game 5 at Verizon on Saturday night...um....wait a mintue.
Are we ready for a great discussion about instructional design?
Getting in superman shape.
AUSTINS coming to LA?! That's for Los Angeles right!?:D
Bloomberg To Expand Campaign Against Truancy
Watchn behind the music Notorius B.I.G
"You could dream about it, or you could go out and make it happen."
Got my car hand washed yesterday only to wake up to it covered in pollen this morning
Should you be at #primal tonight ? Does rick ross eat chicken?
vitamin P
Stay inside! ;-) Just saw special on getting struck with lightning!
i miss your old house!
yes it's a promotion Blackberry is doing and they selected PBA Bowling as one of the apps available
New Hours Monday thru Saturday, 11am to 10pm Happy Hour, Friday & Sat 3 to 7 Closed Sundays
The best friendships you have hurt hardest when u fight even if its over nothing
I think its sad that is closing, but hopeful that they will have going out of business sales at the local store so I can stock up
Woot!! You'll be here before you know it! Any fun plans already set?
Do you think its because were near DC? or bc large campuses have dealt with shootings recently?
last weekend I ran a 5k in 25:01. Not bad but I've got more speed, I know.
Bridgewater Ridge Hockey Broadcast 830pm baby for MSG Varsity!!! Ill let all you optimum subscribers know when it reairs.
The black cat currently has 123,803 miles. She still has a lot of purr and hiss left.
I'm comparing brandy back then to rihanna now. Brandy don't fit into this era. Music all about sex now, that's not her style
yeah whatever
Just finished the latest season of Dexter so next season starts tomorrow, right? RIGHT?!?!?!?
“: The GOP & Tea Party??? RT : Bets on who the other two to die will be? They always go in threes.” if only...
The sun shall set in the AM
Have a great weekend
totally addicted to the morganville vampires novels. currently on number six. you rock
Man, such a lazy sleepy week... Spring Break where are you already? :o
RT : Dear : If you have any type of personal announcement to make, now would be a marvelous time.
everyone deserves a slow down day LOL
Got some memorabilia last night to take back to IU. Jersey
You are in my thoughts.
Sounds familiar. This trial is driving me crazy, and I do this for a living!!!
Ravens Ravens Ravens!
What great responses to in this session, go
since when is fun. dance music?
Rotary this morning, then back to farming.
#jokeorserious Hahahahaha literally just made my night
The show's premise is great! RT Wow: in #LastResort, a sub crew's ordered to obliterate Pakistan. That is...pretty intense.
Back at work--can a tuesday feel like 2X monday when you coem back from a holiday?
@ AndreaRussett hello emily you can follow me, because you are no longer active in your old account
Seriously tho, my last crush had braces &' well Austin has braces. <3 OMG.
Full moon ain't shit compared to a Scumbag Steve meets Chuck Testa meets Antoine Dodson posse cut.
I am living in a society of nonsense. No one cares...
I don't drink, beer smells like piss, but Twisted tea is ahole lot different...
Lots of events to look forward to next week! In the US, Boston's #cable12 -- & in Dublin,
I appreciate that the acronym of Statute of Limitations accurately reflects the reality of not abiding by it.
Those were the days! Find yourself on a competition that brings you back to Atlanta.
Happy Star Wars Day!
Vine a la escuela de oquis
I am highly anticipating a completion date finally! September 1, 2012!
It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
I love watching Grown Ups
well I still have another year of high school but I'm gonna work my ass off to get there.
How long does it take you to stretch, do cardio, weights, core and abs? Think about it.. You'll accomplish that and more in 50 mins with F3
The way I take things so personal sometimes 👎
Gonna be a long day at work. Can't wait to get outta here to fly to to see and
what time does freeze tag start?
Good Morning Columbus!
linked data and open data are 2 different things, but joined they create a powerful tool for sharing cultural heritage on the web
Ima roll up and smoke half now and half in the morning... I only got one blunt left I gotta make it work
I hate doing laundry work!.
i complete agree
Nice. I'm catching at the Fox in Oakland this April. Looking forward to hearing more new material.
good times!
RT : agreed! The best industry, best...
look what I post, is this for the EscapeRoutes show?
Danger, in the shape of something wild.
Our Hero cuts bread so smoothly that no steam escapes.
I hear you're heart call for love but you won't let me make it right.
Great dinner in the beautiful city of Boston with wonderful people I work with.
It's GREAT to be ALIVE!
Irving plaza nyc sat. jan 15th. Tickets are 20 bucks.... or 100 sardines! Waddle waddle
The evening slowly unspooling. Billie Holiday on the stereo sweetly inquires "What's new? How is the world treating you?"
lol Breisha are you even fast?
awesome and u will rock it
all I really want for Christmas is YOU ;)
If you see something, ladies, say something.
#amazing day at warped tour!!
Maybe so, I thought I was being clever! Shucks.
Thanks & see you soon! RT :
believe that!
so glad you love them!! i tots know how you feel! are you dipping them into anything? or just as is?? where are you buying?
are you on safari 5.1?
If we are strong, our character will speak for itself. -John F. Kennedy
Who's going out tonight
remember to get your friends to the polls! He are on the cusp of making history!
Go Chelsea!!!
The prospect of real actual sex frightens some nerds and makes them uncomfortable. Lol. It's out of their comfort zone!
Watching the Tebow vs Brady game. Don't care who wins but I do wanna see what Tebow does. If he pulls this off, then WOW! #Proven Winner
Middleton's downtown famers market starts today from 3 to 6:30 p.m. featuring 10 vendors on Terrace Ave. behind the Hubbard Avenue Diner.
Ah! Go Clippers! Hahaha.
found out I'm having a boy!!!!
Sitting at work while getting texts from friends who are out shopping on this holiday is making me very sad. Very sad indeed.
The loaner car Lexus gave me makes me not want to go pick my car back up this afternoon ..they got me.
appreciate the support.
I'm about 40min out. Is it that bad?
Great! I'll look forward to reading! :)
there's a thousand you's, theres only one of me
I'll keep that in mind ;)
I am socially awkward. Especially around people. And Twitter.
Walked the dog-Check. Bought more mead making supplies-check. cleaned up the house-check. Work this eve... wish i didn't have to check it
My favorite is all the pro-Amendment 1 folks saying "I didn't WANT to be a bigot, I'm just following orders here."
tara - are you an actress? I'm new to PDX, looking for some advice/direction.
So do I, but 'Cher Lloyd Will Rock NY' was trending and people were mad hating... Mainly females!
I like my Twitter life better than my real life because on here I get a lot more blowjobs & my credit is a helluva lot better.
Can't wait to work with for #BGC10 I KNOW THE WORLDS GONNA LOVE THIS BAD GIRL*
People already Walking with 12 packs in their hands. This is my kind of town :)
I would rather judge a man by the questions he asks, than by his answers... -Voltaire
Nothing thrills me more than a call sheet with my name on it.
I won't give up, if you won't.
dj qtip here email is
that's just Wrong. But the pasties are so right.
It was brilliant. It should've been haha!
If anything could ever be the greatest thing since sliced bread, it would be Spotify.
That kid has skills. Going to be a pleasure watching him grow into superstar.
do uk how Ashley first date went? Lol
finally down, fenna put these headphones on
no need to. You know who you are.
#Businesses and #individuals cannot expect to obtain or keep #Twitter #followers if they do not
Morning! How are things in Ohio?
what a waste of frickin time...go get the real killers.
Hate me ...I hate u
Ready for today to be over!
Good work out! 
Thanks so much for the follow, Whitney! Are you going to be looking for a new apartment in Chicago soon? :)
Choo home run and a double...brantley triple and a single. one of them may hit for the cycle in this game
I guess you didn't watch in 2008 with Tina Fey as Sarah Palin. Or Will Ferrel as George Bush.
JWP includes singer . Check out both bands!
so it should ;)
great to see you, I know breath, hold, count to 4, and do this 4 times. I have told so many people that. You are wonderful!
I'm speaking on mapping with #drupal at 11:15 in room 204
Are you guys in boss limbo again?
I'm sitting here with my cuzin and she is like 11 and she is tweeting along side me ... Might have to watch what I saw now!!!
And by ' girls' I mean me
I swear the shit I say is way better than Dr. Phil & Montell someone get Oprah on the phone & tell her I'm on my way!
Twittering from #BAVC New Media institute at TriBeCa
Pretty sure I'm in love <3 <3
Watching game 162, how no playoffs or wild cards had been decided & it was the last game of the season. Bos eyeing TB STL watching ATL
": Is the biggest douchebag in the world." im your douche though
Yes. EXACTLY like Silent Bob.
hey sister! Crazy as always. How r u? How is galley?
you could always hop on the bus :) the COTA is free with a BuckID
“: Hot and gooey chocolate chip cookies and milk #yes”>>> gimme
I just love how I can hear the West High baseball game from my front porch (sarcasm). Why can't it be an awesome team like Vols or East? ;)
That awkward moment when someone deletes their comment on Facebook and you look like you’re talking to yourself.
Yes! Oh, let me taste your tears, Scott! RT : I hope you can hear me grumbling at you right now
Thanks! I'll get it there. :)
Aristotle recognized that success is one part a clear and practical ideal and one part the necessary means to achieve it.
Ric(FORMA Grp) we got lucky caz VeroniCUN EMAILS agenda 2 Bob Moore. No mention of my Chilo CONtributions or my Uncle on ALIVIANE board
Hey who won the treadmill bet, or are you still running?
It all works out at the end. Deep. Breath. :-)
"The rib is the shell and the heart is a yolk, and I just made a meal for us both to choke on..."
u at duh hize??
This kid did not just fall asleep on me 😒
The McQueen show has turned the second floor of the Met into Disney World on the weekends.
i wish i could but i don't have any
Thank you for the intense and highly pleasurable banging! Thanks for the stars too beautiful! ;) Xoxo
I'll upload the song Sant'a Littlest Elf has Autism on Monday. You're going to love it. My son, James, sang with a lot of expressions.
RT : Follow Jamaican Food in Cincinnati!!! Purchase Wale Tickets there & Receive Discount on Any Meal Purchase
Ah that's right, we put Trump against the Oscars.
It is remarkable how ones wits are sharpened by physical exercise.
On my way to school yells GOODMORNING TWITTER
If today is any indication, every man in Seattle got flannel and a cafe racer for Christmas.
Surrey's! 2 locations on Magazine. My kids love the pancakes. They also make all their own juices?
So today I realized, my earlobes line up with my nipples. Thank you über facts for your solid information about bullshit
no your just so smart you don't need to study
Fact that I have an umbrella with me on my travels right now is leading to some pretty high adult-esteem right now. #grownup!
John Mayer kind of day. His voice is magic
imma.be.playing.monopoly.
What is success to me? Kids that are
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to be accepted by yourself.
Thanks to the somber novels of Ernest Hemingway, contemporary artists seem to have the idea that humor is an inferior element of writing.
RT is pricing out what it would take to do our events
WHAP essay about New York city is not exactly the best thing
Ay we gone ustream live today. Make sure yall stay tuned
u still could have saved them retard
Yea, most of what George has built seems really fascinating. I used to live in the East Bay & am drawn to Marin County.
Its better to call your own shot then to let someone else call it for you......
McDonald's then Disney world !
he is one crazy SOB totally.
Hi everyone! This is and I will be tweeting you live deals from the mall for #blackfriday :)
I did some collab brainstorming for MT with an artist by the name of Tom Lohrmann and I think it went quite well!
it's FINALLY here.. the last Monday of the semester.
1,000 WOW CAN'T BELIEVE IT. THANK YOU ALL
I was! i can't help it, i'm super EMO.
I am PUMPED, I am having such a good time teaching and networking with so many successful business people at our event.
please follow me please!!!!!!
I don't understand why you have to choose. I'd just make them all ;-)
dammit....I should have known....my colleagues quote that movie nonstop. I always miss it. damn
Erin Burnett is Walter Cronkite compared to Piers Morgan.
I promise you, life puts us in situations we don't want to be in. The true test is how you handle those situations. That's what separates us
I really do need to get me some LBF gear.
Been troubleshooting a wonky file for the last 12 hours for her students' showcase today. Plans B, C, & D implemented!
ok this is weird and im dariel :D nice to meet you :D
Love being able to work and spending time with my bf at the same time!
"May we long share our odd, inanimate feast,/ And meet at last on the Cloudy River of the sky." ~ Li Bai via Arthur Waley
This week's performances: Thursday at Enlighten (Seattle, WA) - 8pm Sunday at C & P (West Seattle, WA) - 3pm
I rather date a married bitch cause those single bitches got issues
oh really now? for what?
+1! RT : Love this >> RT : Something other that RT as a way to acknowledge a great idea or cool tweet
I hate it when i cant tell if a guy is flirting or being nice.
Role of Religion in Govt ???
hey !!!! can you folloe me please ? i love you're flim the karate kit it's fantastick you are very sexy i love you rap ;)
hi. i think it'll be a westwood v. wilson final. wilson's looking in a zone.
Spaghetti and Scarface, plus my second coffee. This oughtta get me movin.
ha! Im at SXSW in Austin. You know you used the word 'Stoked' on your blog, right?
Just realized it got dark while sitting at my computer. I mean completely dark , I forgot to turn on the lights. Does anyone else do this?
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Lovely to meet you last night, Lianne. 'Twas a fine set of songs!
#FF this lady, she gets it. RT What about number of successful bunts? That's the only number that matters in baseball, right?
wea you at
what's good my nigg! you remember a dude named "sly" from ny? He Said he's known u for years. He was in the airforce.
I have to be careful what I talk about with my dad and he made a rude comments last night
I got the new HTC 4g evo this is the best app phone on the market for me most of my phone have been HTC -BB storm move over iPhone
Them #Hoosiers are unconscious
Haven't had a chance to listen to your stuff yet but I'm sure it's great.
how u get his number ??!!
#YouGetPointsIf you're a
Wow...US CTO restrained tears telling how healthcare advances helped treat his newborn's ventricular septal defect.
Aging & Health has a lot to do with how you enjoy your Retirement. I hope to share why & how "UcanRetireEarly" to Live & Enjoy Your Dreams
What up tho
Oh, guess what? You're never going to guess! Omg. this is such exiting news. omg. like, you wanna know? gurlll! werk it!
Visitors. Shoppers. Artisans. Craft aficionados. You ready?
nothing hurts as much as seeing/knowing/hearing/watching your true love being really happy with someone else...
YES! I can get pretty mean haha especially when it comes to Justin bieber I'll defend him 4ever and always just like my boys
where are you???
Thanks Jeff, enjoyed speaking with you today!
haha, I was trying to lengthen the time in between snacking
vi sim
NO BOA I FUCKING LOVE HOSTESS!
I have a huge headache.
Wishing I was in Duluth for Homegrown!
About to come up on and apartment!
#ThingsThatGetYouFriendZoned ypu never let her use the good controller
you help me write... and clean.
Seriously check out !! They are so refreshing to hear!!! They could be huge!!! :D <3
got that right
please follow me!! I am such a huge fan I watch every episode of icarly and I think your gorgeous!! It would make my day!!
I went there for a while because I needed a break but I transferred out.
STAY UP & TALK TO ME(:
Just taught how to make gnocchi from scratch. I think he's an honorary Italian now.
To be honest, I doubt I have any REAL friends.
Somehow nvm i just hate myself, i just fuck shit up
If anyone makes their own Vinyl Decals, signs...ect... Check out our vinyl material strips on r website.Also great for the Cricut machines.
Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species.
thank you for the follow...hoping we can share our knowledge!
Doing my hair & makeup . Then cousins are coming over .
It struck a nerve cause I'm 33 :) I'm pretty good, busy busy as usual! What pizza is out there? Yay!
I just linked up with Fit Girlz inc. we are on a major movement to get everyone in shape. Be on the lookout for 2012.
In a conversational mishap my mom just combined bieber with twilight.." So he was playing drums at age 4 and then was married...vampires"
Firehook Bakery & Coffee House has the best coffee in the Farragut Square area!
you can fall flat on your face as long as there's a mattress to catch you. Get some rest my sassy lass
"I can't type numbers in my phone and drive at the same time." 😳 we're gonna die. Lmaoooo
oh HELL YES they are!!!!
Thanks! I'm thinking it's time to write this up for a wider audience ...
Nail time!! Much needed :-) pic to come!
#ff A Midsummer Night’s Dream opens tomorrow night at Break a leg!
Met the newest teaching pastor at today; I was giddy when I heard that he assisted & wrote w/ Henri Nouwen.
Take ur date to the dinner in fashion. Get a Stretch Limo for the price of a sedan Sun - Thur. Quote "Date" when booking. T&C apply
It's a beautiful day to be born. Just ask
Thats the way to go! Are you going to New Orleans?
Happy Birthday to my lovely daughter, Tamia!
followed btw love your username. :)
": Way too many Leaf fans here tonight. Couldn't they detain some at the border?" Where's TSA when you need them?
This year I'm giving up Catholicism.
“: retweet for a shout-out!😘” RT
My thigh.... No, my WHOLE leg is sore 😞
Mother's Day activity card in Sunday's Tribune. Moms: Tweet us a photo showing off your new crown. Hashtag
self knowledge is key... and after that self - application!!! then we can rise up....
No risk no reward
I Want To Win back ur Love!
shit I still wear my Browns one. It was fun bruh. GL out therr
Cisco to Become the Next Apple: Undervalued by 200%
Yes please! They have good #nachos! cc:
Contempt for human life is very rampant & disturbing esp when perpetrated by so-called Christians due to the racialization of Christianity
If you have check in fatigue, you'll be happy to hear - link your to your , ck in on 4sq & you're cked in on Wingman!
We would love to. Been to Haiti 3x but never to Labadee.
Aw. :'( What happened to your shoulder? :/
About to start the day. I have a lot to be grateful for. Have a fabulous day everyone!
Twinkie if you have time in your evening on Monday be sure to watch me@ 10 pm on Outlaw Empires on Discovery Channel bless you
I want a snow come right now 🍧
#SDCC SyFy party tickets? RT : Passed 118,000 followers today. Time to give something away. What do you want?
Omg I didn't know such dirty play was possible.
My husband has worked for S&C for six years. We're so excited about this weekend's centennial celebration!
or cum in me...
He makes me feel wanted...NOT useless...
#edleaders motivating students? Leo Stein notes "the perfect method of learning is analogous to infection. It enters and spreads."
oh yeah!! And did u notice if you give them a choice they'll always choose the muddiest way? Lol towels are a must.
Houston did everything in their power to blow that game. Including passing to KFC in the box.
I don't think y'all mean that other "UC" in California lol
#np Hurt - Crux
I am not perfect.. But I love my wife...
May I never be that much of an adult!
I love how you don't think your fatt :p I see defending his mcnuggetsss
LOVE THIS: Lonnie Bunch: #culturalmuseums don’t need to try to become community centers, rather centers of their community.
The Mariners=children RT : Wedge on his relievers on the catwalk at the Trop: As long as they are not hanging over the side...
yup just about to pass st.Louis
Today is the 6-yr anniversary of & my 6-yr anniversary being with the company. Our future looks brighter than ever. Great ride!
thank you, tat sounds cool, don't think I've seen anyone with that.
Spent a lovely spring afternoon with COME IN AND COVER ME by Gin Phillips #FridayReads A very enjoyable read!
Battle of Atlanta World Karate Championship XLIII June 17-18... Join us? Vacation in one of the world's most exiting cities!
Wat I'm going thru it ain't easy AIN'T EASY NO!!!
i don't get what the big deal was with this earthquake. who cares.
Watchin #BrunoMars on #GrahamNorton on #BBC! That brutha is bad ass, gotta get that album!
I'd like a shoutout pleasee !
But not as bad as I feel for the douchers I always see carrying out bouquets of flowers from the grocery store. I hope it's for a grave.
Email your offers on the artists you want to !
Volunteers give a family more time w/their child..more hugs, kisses & "I love yous." Looking 4wd 2 celebrating our volunteers 2nite!
Going to hear rip it up at . Miami get out and support!!!
Shout out to my #bsdiv and #soozooted family. Happy New Years letter get it poppin.
Calling all Staffing and HR Managers please post your HR jobs today and help a great professional gain employment. www.hrjobboard.com
I have my reasons for hating faggets
Thank you! Have a great weekend!
hey follow me backk
marketing conundrum of the day: how to manage the details, when there is no overarching direction from the top?
is a swag jacker. Be cautious when approaching her
RFC1149 from 1990. RFCs are the rules of how the Internet was to work (just to keep up by nerd-rep) cc/
Ah, yes, farther in on 50 that's a problem. On the Anne Arundel side, the only limitations are the ones you place on yourself.
haha. It's so good.
I love party in movies when everyone dances in elaborate coordinated dances. At parties the people dancing are just jumping up and down.
Just because the semester ends doesn't mean work stops. I have a #blog and a #report due to both of my jobs.
we already have some catching up to do(:
What if you could eat a ringtone? One scientist thinks you can. We'll talk to him today on the Forum.
that's so cool! Congrats again on the big day! You posting any pictures up?
up early time to work on this song im gonna send to make it on this Based AllStars
enjoyed every minute of it!!! Wouldn't have it any other way babe!
As you roll your clock forward; take time to check expiration dates on your Epi-pens, Benadryl, and other medicines.
Slowly realizing that I'm consistently 5 years behind on music trends. Not looking forward to Bieber Fever in 2016.
Wow... can it get any busier! #notcomplaning. makes for a fast day.
I love a parade.
Quite upset I missed the social media forum. Totally forgot.
Jane Lynch welcomes us back to the Modern Family Awards, then intros crazy Charlie Sheen.
LOL, no I specifically told Bradley to tell you that it WASN'T yours.
I feel bad from just looking at the Grizzlies fan and their players...
hes back on the crystal meth
i know, right. I enjoy pumpkin lattes. Helps me get in the mood for Fall, but I had to throw this one out.
Markakis gives it to the umpire after being called out on strikes. Ball was low and away. Rare for Markakis to be that vocal for that long
you can shop your favorite brands and designers at savings up to 30-70% off! Happy Style Hunting!
Just got Naturally Speaking 10. like it so far
Why are so many people from Baltimore rooting for a DC team? Seriously we hate DC #baltimore #caps please!
I highly recommend it, it will make you feel VERY fancy. It's all orangey and cinnamony and so sophisticated! :)
ur welcome baby. I love you too!
i have a fat ass scar. I DONT CARE IF PPL CANT SEE IT. I CAN FEEL IT.
Nothing is more disheartening blemish, as the consciousness that he guessed, and that he had already heard about laughter.
"Boeing Boeing" performs tonight for Arts for the Summit. Ticket sales will be donated to support the arts in Summit County, CO
Damn. I was a Jr fan back in my So-Cal days. He was way too young to go.
2 more accounting classes left!!
OMG..so much drama for the 1st tribal council!!
Reading my tweets from last night. Sorry I'm not sorry
Im ready for my 5 AM. Lab.
How about 100% off?? JUMPsuit cleaning, today only, at EcoClean to celebrate Leap Day! :)
• Hey it was nice to see you at the game. At first I was like HUH? because I didn't expect it. Guess we should'a went on Saturday.
Honestly dont know how much more I can take....
My cat apparently does not mind being dustbusted.
The Euro Step strikes again. Baron Davis goes down with scary knee injury.
-_- u check ur twitter every morning huh lol
hahaha oh ok that was a good one
Just keep hating. Just keep hating. Just keep hating hating hating! What do we do? We HATE we HATE!
very lame, last thing folks need are useless badges
It was the other guy. He started it. <big grin>
great! How's your day Zayn? :)
please follow me! u are amazing i won't ever forget about u<3
Come on OUT Tonight & SAVE. most items 60% OFF, Open until 10PM!
SEAS Boasts Advising Based On Classwork, Cake, and Nerdy Camaraderie - Harvard Crimson
Uh oh. What page are you on, and what device & browser?
love this show
Dave's remodeled his 30th St Cafe (3600 block); more space, menu & tasty rosemary potatoes /lattes, bkfast & lunch items. Viva North Park
is that a rock and roll singing group?
its very windy and the wind just produced a tone from blowing past my beer ... very peaceful
thank you..! And btw they were as good as they looked! Lol
RTmissrogue is my daily newswire. I swear. I've tried to go elsewhere, but somehow she uncovers the best stuff. :)
earns the Leading Scorer Award with 53 points at the 56th Annual Awards Evening.
RT URBAN VINTAGE sourced items at Green. Boutique 432 Santa Clara, #Oakland, CA - -- Open Tomorrow 11-5pm!
2 auditions Monday: dance & indie film. Workshoped w/Craig Campobasso of Joy Todd/Craig Campobasso. Tonight w/Assoc. of Burrows/Boland!
Are you shining Yet?
Hahaha! Hey! Don't talk like that about Nanda and my future nameless godchildren!! XP
No but we have been gathering information. We also have the book..Solar Power Your Home for Dummies. We just need $$
Early??? Where are you? Just finished working on this film...now trying to catch up on some sleep
Ah, the smell of fluffy towels fresh off the fire escape.
me too! it was in my car until I left town. they were the best of their musical cohort.
BREAKING NEWS: AZ BLAMES ILLEGALS W/LEAFBLOWERS FOR THE RASH OF DUSTSTORMS
I will admit that i love ray rice. He's adorable. Happy birthday!
We represent Competitor Group for their NFL marathon initiative. Would love 2 talk 2 u about it. Sent couple of emails to ur gmail
little-known fact: joe johnson's middle name is joejohn
Yeah, good call. Great show too
What type of project do you need completed for your home. My new 3D software can design and show you the new look before we start. Call me.
why we gotta be insecure and FAGGOTS though???
love it! stop by the registration table before you leave and say hi!
Just confirmed Alexander for the last three Fridays in Jan. Whahoo!!!
Someday, Someone Will Walk Into Your Life And Make You Realize Why It Never Worked Out With Anyone Else.<3
“: Knicks are making stupid fouls man” theres more unnecessary whistles than necessary
So, after that last doll I swore to myself... SWORE... there would be no new dolls until after the New Year. Then came Cyber Monday. *sigh*
Follow Me??(:
I wish would wish me a happy birthday.. But i know he won't. </3
i gave the bear to him(: (i'm biebersbakery. haha)
Dear Fr. Darrell Roman, It's been a while since we last met, I hope you & all sweetest heart of mary family are doing great. God Bless. H.Q.
oh yeah! It was a blast :) Def have to go again soon..
We should all be very clear about one thing, our business is not our life. Our businesses should be supporting our lives.
You're welcome! Thank you, , for your generous programs....
One should always have a life plan. If not, will fall prey to someone else... and guess what they have planned for you? Not much!
Josh Hutcherson is so adorable it's hard not to love him c:
I`m looking for a house
You know what you should do? Follow ! Just press that follow button. Pretty please with a cherry on top? 
That really amazing moment when you have a five page essay due tomorrow, however then you find an old essay you can reuse instead.
thanks for inspiring me to try an live my dream and act these quotes help me every day!<3 please follow it would make my day(:
do you have a preference for how to order boards and what to make as the cover image?
Thank you for all who joined us for day 1 of "The New African Democracy" We will meet again tomorrow morning at 9am
I like a guy who takes initiative  its kind of a #TurnOn 
Sarah Palin had dinner with Donald Trump in NY. First thing she did when she walked into the restaurant was shoot the squirrel off his head.
Happy Monday everyone!!!
One month smoke-free. Not too shabby! And it only sucks for about 8 minutes each day.
slightly dyslexic, so I read that as MLA is my passion!
. Great post! Community is about supporting one another in a common cause. The hard part is always identifying a common voice.
#IWonderIf the boys will even notice the midwest
Hello, shit storm at SFO. I just want to get home!!!!
Good luck 2 all the SD natives playing in the all-star game tonight in PHX!
Wanna get PRESTO To perform at my party and DeeJayCasper to dj my party
Wow, coming from a suburban mom, that's rough.
hahah you know me, always talking to myself! ;)
books4teenboys: VARIANT by R.Wells is flying off our shelves
donne with school. summer, where are you?
how long have you been coaching soccer and basketball?
I enjoy chillin with ppl not being raped tho lmao ah summer is starting off great!!
Happy Friday Colorado! It is very green outside. The rain did wonders to our grass and trees.
Lakers at Thunder!!!
Our good friend always gives a refreshing look at the
What's up bitches ?
stayin in tonight..not feelin so good :c
Happy Birthday, !
it's really hard when your boyfriend gets mad at you with everything you say, everything you do everyday. and makes it a big deal
Having a girlfriend that is a gamer is a miracle
. as head of developer marketing, i'm assuming you approved this? in your own words, how does the video portray women?
What next? Sustainability, internationalization, professional journal management.
This crowd makes this worthless “: Crowd taking over this debate a little bit. It's a different animal w/ no crowd in room.”
Ew. #foodpoisoning. Bright side? No eating = 3 pounds lost. has kept me alive.
They shouldn't all be gone! DM us your fave Zipcar home location and we'll see what we can do.
oh hey bro. *handshake*
what up bra i talked tomike bigga and i got a photo at 559 holla back
you and me both! I think we got jailed at the same time!
How is that not a balk?? Strangest thing I've ever seen a pitcher do from the stretch.
I just saw someone with a HORRIBLE new haircut and I think my face gave it away.
Why u reteetin me y'all played us
Competition is getting pretty fierce over here at the #madhatter Throwdown!
Everyone follow !
Anyone coming to #Vegas this weekend for Mayweather vs Cotto? Who are you rooting for?
Dear Lord, Please carry me through the day today <3
Follow back? :D
Holy Crap a Manatee Holy Shit Never seen one before, coolness
trying to create value chains for edtech strategy. New mantra: one stone, flock of birds (no birds hurt during this tweet of course!)
no I'm not interesting enough to blog and you know I've never been shy about talking to you directly.
communicationenhanced, social interactions advance, a Thumball celebration...come join the conversation! www.thumball.com
at grandmothers house going to take a walk and then go see hunger games oohh
Come to an info session Tuesday March 13th in 1121 Humanities at 7pm to learn about changes to this year’s Block Party
And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the mother of all living.
Hey buddy, how's it going songs?
Indeed. But now my weekend is getting underway, and I have 8-more hours to enjoy than you. LOL. Happy Saturday!
Romney finally runs out of steam by asking for money. Get it? Romney asking for money. Man, that's funny.
A web savvy fashionista! :) RT : Wait is co founder of ? Who knew. How lovely.
That moment when you like all foods you can't decide which one to eat and in which order.
Sarah Palin Is In Rage! Tensions in regards to leaked
Mahalo for the props, Krik. Much aloha!
good luck today holly!!
Horny & Hungry? It's a beautiful day to skip work and come down to the Gold Club for $3 Beers & 50¢ Wings! Dakota & Rejiel are looking HOT!
Avengers comes out May 4th! I'm so there! Who else wants to go?
Happy Mother's Day to my mumsy and all the mum's out there. I am in no way prepared to raise a human person, so you're all pretty awesome
Do a column on David West. Maligned for taking a big deal by some. He lets his game do the talking. Double-Double machine.
oh ok:D
favorite place in tampa : downtown. favorite place in florida : ooorrrlllaaannndddooo
I have to no problems rewarding performers vs non-performers. Easy fix is to negotiate this into the bargaining agreement.
I'm the type to compliment a girl out the blue, just because :)
That was the point I was trying to make with my daily show reference, You are more succinct and straightforward.
": we ripped the Knicks heart out game 1"<<< yea yall did, that was horrible way to start off smh
So many people in NYC dressed up going out for Mother's Day. Wish I was in LA today so I could see my mom!
like it was so long ago huh? Even though it wasn't it was like only five months ago berly !*)
Why doesn't Bynum stuff it more?
I wasn't ruining your ever-original "Scott Rolen is so old" joke. Okay yes I was. But Frazier DOES look like Pat the Bat.
Top Airsoft Retailer Takes Aim at Facebook for Latest Promotional Giveaway
I love Demi so much! but MILEY IS THE ONLY QUEEN:D
Whoo we "We are sorry for the inconvenience" in a robot tone really shouldn't cut the mustard anymore.
the internet...enabling creepy men for 16 years and counting.
The saddest part of my version of #I Am Legend when I tried to kill my computer mouse with d-con and it didnt work. Please follow Retweet!
Today is #BLACsunday make sure to check out 's live stickam chat. STICKAM.COM/OFFICIALBLAC 2 PM pst, 5 PM est.
Your Birthday flier will be done first thing tomorrow, just followed up w/ the designer. Saturday is going to be off the hook!
thanks! I will! I have mine set too! Haha :)
uploading pizza to lunch reserves page.
its you and me and all of the people and i dont know why, i cant keep my eyes off of you. <3
Allan Houston still got it!
RT RIP Rashied Ali. May your exploration of Interstellar Space be eternal-NO!! One of my favs passes. Much love to Rashied.
maaanee, my screen cracked..! :(
My TL has been flooded with bday wishes to guess I should get mine in too. Happy Birthday! Lol
Just put my heart and soul into that message.
Get ready to get your rocks off! The Carnal Carnival Is Coming!
We ♥ 's New Mixtape!
Not at all.
hi! if you follow me I will DM you. thank you.
just booked a new film huge! And getting shredded for party in
the teacher, who you know well, found me so annoying she literally let me color all class.
what up J! Glad u got a twitter! So jealous u were out doing the MJ without me!
Just look for the #witsphl tag and you'll find a ton of women who work in/around/with tech. :)
So you can put George Clooney in anything and it'll will win a Golden Globe. You can put him Diary of a Mad Black Woman 2 and it's winning.
"O that...they would...keep all my commandments always, that it might be well with them, and with their children forever!"~Deuteronomy 4:29
Kingman Park rocks! Fireworks EVERYWHERE!
Saw a rehearsal at & Deb Staples was phenomenal! Go see THE BLONDE, THE BRUNETTE AND THE VENGEFUL REDHEAD
Wear green on Friday 3/16 and Saturday 3/17 & receive HALF off any UV tanning single session!! limit one per customer each day
GROSS! the worst airline food ever has to be Aero Flot Russian Airlines!
"We'd love it if you came to stay with us during summer break." (or summer vacation)?
God damn Barajas. The second I turn the game on they hit another homer
Wowww...how old are you!?!?
The Website Redesign Kitcontains a how-to video and instructional e-Book:
With the over 60 degrees out this week was a great time to clean outside windows. Wow what exhausting work.
(: how are you? Lol
anything we can do?
I hate driving my moms car
Getting my nails done later :)
Oh my goodness that sounds amazing!
I relay to change lives
Isn't it funny how when you're a kid,you wanted to be grown. And now that you're grown,you wish you were a kid.
What's for dinner? Hot Trax!
jill scott , i love ya honey but yu can go now :) i'm not a fan of your "music".
I'm on my way there now, when U coming.... Bring a coat
Oh yeah, don't I look awesome tossing back shots... Of Pepto? -________- Going on 14 hours now with this wicked heartburn.
Where youth are invested wholeheartedly in their economy: Costa Rica universities. Eco-tourism is their future and their hope.
sorry i'm falling down on the job today. i'm tired and busy and don't think you want to know every time i transfer a phone call. am i right?
I'm tickled to have new Dunkin' Donuts in the area!! Welcome :+D RT : TOP SECRET: Check out
don't know what the "wall" is. I do stories occasionally about the Trinity Cafe & try & keep in touch.
Been in costume almost all day since 8am...wee bit woozy.
Texts btwn me and Mom... Me "Can I use blue Prismacolors for eye shadow tonight for my 80s party?" Her "Better use acrylic." #i<3myartistmom
yea cause it's hard when your her daughter she can say no. I'm not getting over it I'm still pissed
The cheese buffet was not as impressive as in the past but still enoyed it
Niggas whinnin on twitter because they struggling to keep up with the new fresh competition. Lol, These Old Niggaz knees gettin bad.
last years final. NYR/NJ in the ECF. LA with a chance at hockey title. Two years of NHL popularity explosions?
Thank you for RT.
“: BiG S/O to the woman that brought me into this world! #HappyBornday to my Mother 😄😊😃😁” hope she has a good one man
check out if you haven't already, opens may 18 in sf.
Okay, I'm gonna stop tweeting about the Avengers now...even though I got like 30 mins left in it lol
Kendrick Perkins never shoot
I seen your new youtube video : ) you did really good !
"Hawaii is a former leper colony on top of an active volcano where the disappointing ending to Lost was filmed. Mahalo for nothing, Hawaii"
Not sure that qualifies as valiant by anyone other than Pecoraro.
Wichita! You?
Food Court next Sunday.... let's hang out together...
How did your race go?
Can I share if I bring a pint of creme fraiche gelato?
Doctor offices are scary.
#ChakaKhan singing Ella's signature "Them There Eyes" #jazzday, the link for the webcast is on our fb page
it was awesome cause I got to see u on Paranormal Challenge and Ghost Adventures! please follow me!!! #I♥ZakB!
I am planning on using Google Sites in a Web 2.0 class for 7/8 grade students. Will have them create a site maybe in a group.
thank goodness!!
Always Welcome!
I can't today , tomorrow ?
Why does it bother me when I lose #followers when I don't even know 98% of em?
So many people have secgets they keep from their best friends. If they really are your best friend then shouldnt they know?
how is he in person?
I miss #LINSANITY from a couple weeks ago..... Thanks a lot for messing that up #Carmelo !
yess!! it will get there soon enough!
My light bill was 15 bucks this month. I'm never home
1st to Tweet "Worf is Uvenk" wins a Mass Effect 2 prize pack!
has won two SCOOP tournaments on pokerstars already in back to back days for > 400k. Gross.
been practicing all day! tour is goin to be sick! check our myspace for the dates
Jeremy, I think it's time to schedule a photoshoot with Tom Brady (or Giselle)...I'm just sayin'
was it the new Doo-Doo flavored Snickers?
I ate the best food in the world last night prepared by my friend laney while he was drunk, so goo
-- And if she bought them at Justice, Aeropostale, or Limited Too. :-P
Dammit. This tumblr is AWESOME. And I have homework to do!
HHS is the good housekeeping seal of Approval.
off to my music class =-] <3 Blasting It's Just Me
Enjoy your weekend! Life is amazing! :-)
So relived to hear everything is ok now. :)
Boy you think that you know me, know me, thats why i'm leaving you lonley, lonley...because baby you don't know a thing about me
I didn't finish my dinner so i guess I'm not getting any pudding...heck no...I was just saving room for the pudding!
Will you send out a tweet when you post a new tip?
Guy & Eva Pays Your Bills has a 3rd winner: Michelle Adcock!You just won $250! Great job to her Style Advisor, Catherine Clark!
If only i could be a night owl and early bird all at once..
Surgery will end Howard&#39;s season
Avon's seniors need to step it up to beat that.
Party rockers...really?
:) how about the highlands? Like 730 and ill justbe about 15 late?
Best Hair Care Solution For Falling Hair With Haricarelover
Presenting two posters at #PAA2012 in San Francisco. Who else will be there?
I can teach you all of the sounds of love
I keep saying, "Transformers 4 anyone?" lol same page, same page.
I just completely smashed in my kitchen
Delete this page Akia i don't want you on hear...
The weather has been great today I got a bit of a tan to out of the deal
As the rock says I can smell something cooking Friday for vs Temple. Also congrats to Harvard on their bid.
“: ": Man the #spurs so damn disciplined." Yo bro you spelled boring wrong” LMAO!
we do petting zoo programs too. Just lending out e-readers for ppl to play with has been great! Playing = learning.
I once knew a guy who changed his name to NIKE RT : SMH RT : Nebraska man changes name to Tyrannosaurus Rex:
My dear sweet Thunderbird mail: FYI, the Board email messages are NOT junk. Also, your filters save my sanity. Love, swamped w/email.
It's sunny days like today with a slight breeze when you really get true enjoyment from a full mustache.
yeah I had to get a pic with her...I never realized we are the same height
KEEN-wa. I just feel healthier having learned how to say it. haha. And yeah, I'm starved too but totally uninspired by my pantry.
Headed to Jersey tonight! Who's gonna catch us on tour?!
thank you sir!
Huge difference in crowd's response to Sleigh Bells songs from Treats vs Reign of Terror. Former: woo. Latter: meh. Their loss!
I'm supposed to be getting drunk tonight. fuckkkk now i really want sex.
5k tonight, send me good and speedy vibes tweeps!
A alum! RT : Chemistry prof & medalist Sally Chapman has been mentor to countless Barnard students
at home chillin how about u sweetheart?
Totally busted my toes up in Aikido yesterday (about time, rly). I go to the foot doctor on Wed but until then it's a lot of hobbling about.
Three days after getting a car wash, I need another one. Fuck you angry birds.
A little late, but what'd ya think?? Thanks for coming out! :)
Had a dream about TWC soccer practice.
Little league base running
please follow she is you biggest fan!41
BEAUTIFUL LOS ANGELES!!!!!
Good day, matt!
Don't get me wrong. I love loud music in the car but now I have a massive headache. Oh well. It feels good out so I'll gladly suffer.
French Exam this PM ! But denstist before --'
anytime Jade!!! I know you got a great head on your shoulders!!! God gives you as much as you handle!!! One step at a time :))))
Ha. Great shot.
RT We have updated our race date to May 19th, 2012! Excited about our new partnership with Zulu Racing for chip timing.
in your article about the womens soccer team its Abby Wambach....
-- looked so AMAZING on this morning!
Problems are like farts, the worst ones nobody knows where they came from and nobody wants to take the blame for them.
The #zerg player goes for a fast expansion while building #zerglings to defend himself against [
Loved the ep where Artie got e-legs from Coach B. :)
when I first met the both of you ; his icon
Get all your snapbacks on shopsnapback.bigcartel.com x
Team Florida!!!! Are you ready for some football ???? Look up Team Florida - Exclusive Football league.
True RT : #Capricorn prefers to play the background but somehow always end up in the spotlight.
See whats new with SWH check out our new blog www.seowebsitehero.com/blog, take advantage of our current months specials
Sometimes you gotta know when to shut er down and go see a movie!
getting to know twitter and friendfeed...took up my morning. I'm late for work now. Sorry boss...oh, that's me ;o)
#we all need someone to hold on to when we have a bad day!!
I'd rather have a decent new Magnetic Fields album.
great job! 👍
I fly like paper, get high like planes.
Dampening paper for printing is a Sunday commitment to studio work ... that I'm not 100% excited about. HA.
Thanks for helping us get #AD4MH off to a great start by helping share our mission today !
Agreed he could have cited any number of assistants to the rich
Yes I agree. We have had customers trip and fall and get seriously injured. But my picture was in the middle of Chatham St.
#Reggae legend #JimmyCliff delivers an *amazing* cover of #TheClash's "Guns of Brixton" on his new album
& I moved apartments this weekend and had no access to internet. Is there still time for us? Please help!
6 more days at Trinity School...remembering the good times :)
Yes What time?
watching the sun rise anywhere else >>>>>>>>>
I'm following just to piss her off. Muahahahahhahahaa
Go you! I'm about to do the same. Lotsa work to do. Happy writing!
And the pregnant girl is dressed like a slut. Guess she didn't learn her lesson.
hahaha...that's awesome!
will be a household name....
Instead of changing the facts of a story to make yourself feel/look better, be honest w/ yourself & start by changing your character.
Don't drink the water ;)
hahaha yess omg imma die when it gets hot out and she has to wear tank tops
Wisdom and understanding will bring all the desires of your heart. Hear and Understand!
Script coverage for the next 3 days. Producer in the works!
Had such a wonderful time with Covenant Pres and Sanibel Community churches yesterday, and then at CTN this afternoon. Ready to fly home!
delighted to see the sketchbook pages--also, that rufous hummingbird photo is lovely.
when i saw R.I.P Fergie trending i was excited because i thought there wasnt gonna be nomore shitty music. wrong Fergie though
that stings quite a bit
Well, hello there!! :))
#BeliebersAreAllStupid Thank you :) At least we don't hate on a talented guy for living out his dream and his fans for supporting him
Ultimate boarder today was rad! Steve Caballero took 1st and was repping consuul!
Are any of my followers in Statesboro? HMU if you are
back at the Lomax Archive performing digital archaeology all day. At this point it's really just digital a&d.
Huge props to #dmap community at #Pitt for moving over w/ #dhdebates speakers to another building after event interrupted by a bomb threat.
yay! I never get referred to as intimidating
Come and get one in the yarbles!!!... if you have any yarbles.
Yellow Jacket wasps can turn the toughest acting man to a screaming, crying wimp in seconds!
where are we smokig at :)?
“ The measure of progress of civilization is the progress of the people. ” — George Bancroft
I KNOW! Watching it on tv won't be the same. Nothing really and my mother already renewed the tickets. Glad for that
But if i wake up to reality , there's going go to be millions of you , & one of me .
Why didnt you and your sister just start sum with the twins like they did you
We'd love to be an aunt and uncle, just sayin'. :)
Thank you darling! Love and miss youXx
Hear tell us what he's learned from failing! Watch our NEW SHOW "My Big Fat Failure" Feb 26th, 9pm on
"I think the sequence is spectacular. It's like a ballet" Dante on the Fort Siege scene
Great times with great friends :)
when are ya coming closer to Windsor?!
I'm having login issues "ERROR: Unknown System Error" Have an idea of what I should do? Same issue across browsers. THX
Thanks! I need to hear that every now and then!
Yesterday I was. xD
Sounds promising, interesting. I would be open to a convo.
“: A lot of people can rap .... But only some can make good records”
is thinking through a client proposal for an online community that fosters usage of new product features and incentivizes advocacy
You don't know a thing about me! So don't judge me!!!!
I blame that darn sasquatch
RT What happens when we ask WHY the system is broken? Jaggers on oppositional #DevED forces:
That awkward moment when your mouth makes a really funny noise by accident and people assume you’ve farted
no but when they go on sale I Will be at school!!D:
I can push till there's no more pushing. Raw.
#Np - Thelonius feat. Slum Village "studied this rap shit no need to mic test"
I eat these cinci bitches no fork no spoon :-P
SAT is over... Hope i did well despite my sickness :/
lol Well said and let's not forget according to them they're the oppressed ones
Did Katy Perry just come back from a vacation to 2112?
Morning! No ma'am. I've been traveling will check shortly.
pretty close to Portland- Vancouver, wa. Just across the Columbia river- close enough to large city but not too close -great area
are you going to get the 3? you currently have a 1 right?
It is 4th of July I need to blow some shit up!!
hahahaha hell yeah F ing right :D
Still in jacksonville.
Heading to in Glouster, OH! Can't wait to boogie down!
No, no I can not stand 10 minutes of that. Please don't do that again, unless you are TRYING to make me cry. Thanks.
Do you like discounts and #deals when you shop local? Then you need a key tag! Wherever you go, discover and save!
lol after her husband basted her
she one of the nicest people I've worked with
Does know about this?
This is fantastic!!! I live it...I made a typo...I meant to say I love it. I think. ;)
I love how Russell screams like a little girl LoL.
I've been an errand-running maniac this morning, but NOW IT'S TIME FOR INDY AND FUN!!!!!
3x4 feet banner - full color for $60!!!! Ready in one day.
One Direction. ( I like that shit) <3
Happy Belated Bday to the ! You rock!
We'll be live at 11 with #APS parents last minute pleas to keep their schools open before the Board gets redistricting proposal tomorrow.
I'm glad that you get to see your bestfriend now though! I want you to spend as much time with her as you can :)
It takes 2 mins 35 seconds to rock 100 times in my rocking chair. Sigh.
"x = .24576435" "can I have some H2O? "What's H2O? "WATER!" << so freaking obnoxious can't you jus say water?
Wolfert's 25yd kick is good! Nighthawks lead 6-0 against the
Stay tuned, "I'm a [Fill in the Blank] WONK Photo Contest" weekly and grand prize winners will be announced this afternoon.
im goin back if they offer enough money
RT : My dad thinks the whole world should cater to his needs.
Sadly I'll miss ANA this year; but I will be at ACI's Litigating Ad Disputes conf in NYC in June...
you ratchet ass bitch
Looking forward to hearing your thiughts on all the important pending issues!
The title of Kobe Bryant's biography should be "The Last Franchise Player"
They have moments...Sub Soul and Soul Story are usually good.
I don't care what you do. Just don't involve me in it.
We are the global gym purple cobras and we will we will rock you deh deh s...ah
Something more-Seconhand Serenade...
This is too awesome!
Sure are :) Aries are always fun!
Since when did the post-2009 version of Juan Carlos Ferrero smoke forehands like that? (I'm not complaining.)
Captain Cook's Journal During The First Voyage Round The World
Lehrer: Young people need to be taught media literacy.
I'm now Not much shorter of a username, but easier to remember.
you know the Mockers? They're friends from my music days.
OK, thanks for the info. I was trying to get to it but couldn't.
haha, my mom just bitched at me for burning the rice.
Join us tomorrow at 5pm as both and minister at Life Enrichment Mins 1791 La Dawn Lane Atlanta, GA 30318
Deluxe, of course. Don't want you to miss out on those fabulous bonus tracks. But need your email address to do it.
A dedicated professional is a rare commodity. ISO dedicated professionals. I have a long memory.
Chel just saw bridemaids and said it wad hysterical!
I�m starving I�m going eat something
No need to apologize. It is what it is- and you're right, it's excellent work.
went to Budapest when the iron curtain still existed. Eye opening for sure Stayed at guesthouse through out Germany and Austria
#nowfollowing welcome to the market homie
hell yea I'm mad smh..
dont need luck. I do this shit.
Gary Oldman the great.
Dublin Alumni - we need your photos. We want to capture some moments from your Dublin experience. Please send photos to
You still think Paul Martin is good?
Nope. Never been during the first weekend in Vegas. Can only imagine the craziness.
Ugandan zombie children story is disturbing.People r all into zombies but when the $€¡t hits the fan people will be terrified!
thinking if I can get Tilestream and geoserver installed, and can hit them with Leaflet.js, I will be happy....for now.
Funny. "This song is about how contrived and saturated the metal scene has gotten." Windigo has some fire for sure.
Eating junk food!!!
Thanks for coming out to kickball night at Busby's! Hope everyone enjoyed their $1 drinks!
Guys, follow this awesome account ----> !! She need 12 followers to 4,5 :)
Observations on #ows in #usq 1. There is no danger of this rally not being documented. Cameras abound. The 99% prefer Nokia.
Just tried to pay at Jimmy Johns with my library card. Whoops.
The Mega Powers and Macho Man will always be here in spirit! RIP Big Guy! Oh yeeeeeeaaaaahhhh!
Too funny, I just saw this and didn't know if you saw it so I just mentioned you , no prob! Thx for your contribution!
why bother you won't need it in the future
done! I'll leave a key in the mailbox.
RT : Can't wait for Gray Chandler Murray to give me my next Style Challenge today! I <3 the #JBDStyleChallenge <-- Me too!
get in touch with thomas adelman he has a movie that you would be perfect in!! he is a producer in LA
named "chuck d"
RT Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. -St Francis of Assisi
That awkward moment when you wear your mix match outfit on twin day.
i guess when you care about someone, you'll do whatever you can to make them happy.. 
People who say "I DIDN'T COME FROM NO DAMN MONKEYS!" have obviously never picked up their underwear off the floor with their feet.
I'm busting out this English project that's due tomorrow
Lmao ! Thank You ^.^
Celebrities shining light on important issues! RT will be on the tomorrow re: #engagingmen to prevent
thanks bro! Glad that you're digging
Is it me or does everything seem to be much brighter than before?
Whr the Parties at Today Lol
You both need to be my agents. You've come up with better ideas than I have in the last year.
I'll send my college loan bills to the White House
Have you heard about the Felix Lembersky exhibition coming this September?
Bunbury with Ana Patricia??!!!!
ha thinking about old memories is fun but sad.
Will #OWS ever protest in honor of the #unemployed? It is a direct result of the financial crisis
Almost bought Special K chips the other day, but the box was almost lighter than air. Is there really something in there?
"New lovers are nervous and tender, but smash everything. For the heart is an organ of fire." - Almásy (The English Patient, 1996)
so I wonder what is doin. probably missin ha best friend lol cause I no ha best friens misses her lol :-)
If anyone from the Columbus Crew comes to the station, will you let me know? I know a young man who is a big fan.
you told me to take my time that's exactly what I did
I speak the truth , but I guess that's a foreign language to yall ..
Had fun the other night!!! Get over to my house right now if you want some nose candy!
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
This works out because I may not have to stay up all night :)
Chi town bound.
Getting my hair didd 😄
#20thingsaboutme 17. All my favorite movies are Christian movies: Courageous, To Save A Life, Breaking The Press, Grace Card, & Oct Baby
Bootywhole is sucha wild word take the time to txt or type it out and see how crazy its feels Lmfao
keep me informed!
#aeconf Thank you! I was totally inspired by DJ Spooky last night - still thinking about it - great job!
Woke up @ 8 this morning rushing to get ready for work then realized it was Sat. Then my roomie wakes me up at 9 vacuuming!
follow me please (:
you claim you dnt remember anything
If I quit smoking, when would I ever get to check twitter? Reason #17 not to be a quitter!
Same old shit just a different day!
let's go! RT : The Wicked Hop has 1/2 off drinks, shots, beers, and Red Bull bombs starting at 10! 345 N Broadway
That is highly inappropriate.. Im gonna need you to act more mature sir...
bravo. a comedic masterpiece
good lucky bro
The future of existence pulls us- we weave in and against its currents. Taut.
They both suck!!!
Watching Bruce Almighty
Haha the album art is actually the twitter profile picture/background on my profile :)
fa reeaal. I'd judge you if you did ;)
Hotel 23 coming soon
I think I'm the only mom that has a son following them!
#WordPress #Tools 360Voice Bits Plugin – Connects with 360Voice.com to post the latest info on your 360 standings.
"he loves you, you saw what he did?, ...yeaah, he loves you!"
ok it's official, i got it :)
the things i would do just to hear your voice </3
“: "Facebook isn't Craigslist" via Don't post listings & open houses. I would say the same 4 Twitter”[sparingly]
Sorry (sort of) that the Rangers didn't get you a present yesterday. Happy Bday anyways!!
- $30 Billion is less than 1% of the tax cuts for the wealthy; We are not getting our priorities straight in country
She's a go getter!
TGIF!!!! Getting closer to our Yankees!!!!
could the hotel guy have fit one more "doggie entendre" on there? Lol
will UK be able to practice in the super dome during the sec tourney?
I'm going to sleep now.. 💤
thank you so much. :)
step1. of zebra #cake #annihilation #frosting #consumption step2. eat the #cake #begin !!!!!
Not so fast, you still need a leather jacket, then you will receive the title!
Stop thinking about stupid shit, put on some call me maybe and just let the sweet melody lull you to sleep
I tried to show u that shit when we were dating, and u were like that shits stupid. Lol
At this point I wouldn't be surprised if Marion Cotillard was playing Poison Ivy
TOO FUNNY!
Where are you now?
ok, mind reader, you stick with your "facts."
Just got back form a great business meeting with gay or gay friendly business with LBCBN in Long Beach. Great meeting with fun peeps.
Ladies tights are not pants, if I wore sliders people would not like that so please stop wearing just tights.
U.S. economy gained 243,000 jobs in Jan. The unemployment rate dropped to 8.3%!
“Life is no game. There are no cheat chodes. If you mess up, you can’t press the restart button.”
Four weeks left at the DCPL. So strange to be leaving here; it's more home than home has been, more constant. I'll miss it.
I'm here. We'll win. Don't worry!
Since you asked so nicely....Fu-fu-followed!
and are my favorite sophomores even though I like dick of my butthole :(
Lunch time at summit! That was some pretty good eating for a box lunch. Now it's time to learn more and network
ha ha good night
Congrats on the Job, I feel like a proud ex-half-step-father.
A BIG thank you to everyone who participated in celebrating the opening of the #OGStudio this week!
Sprained my other ankle /;
I refuse to believe Im tired. Only 4 hrs of dancing. There's time 2go2 the gym but I think the bed wins tonight. Oatmeal 4 weekend it is!
🎶What A Wonderful Caricature Of Intimacy
Blondie the Clueless Cat is sitting under my car. Brings back happy memories of the Garage Kitty.
nice blog coverage abt Romney camp fumble. But that's inside baseball for many. Did anyone ask them (as biz gurus) why (1/2)
lower 40 will be playing tonight @ Whiskey Chicks so come on out, bring your friends & listen to some great music & start weekend off right!
We can discuss it or not. Saying you don't want to is clear. Restating your position on the way out, not so much. But...
Love these Obama campaign commercials in Florida.
ET WAS REAL
well we think you are pretty cool! :)
: jeeze u too stop! Ur like my teenagers!
At avon high school with What?
THIS!!!!!!!! RT : “: I hate fighting with the one person I want to talk with the most.” :) hate it! Lol
Great lunch with my buddy. Nice way to break up the week!
Is there some sort of grand opening or something in downtown #vanwa or jantzen beach #pdx tonight? there's a #searchlight up. curious
seriously you look gorgeous in the picture.
How can you not love ? Check out the great interview in progress
little sandwiches and cheesecake bites!
Indiana Jones and the Quest to Find Marcus in His Own Museum
Human bowling ball with the carry
Who would've thought that a member from the Dungeon Family would be performing at halftime. Go ahead Cee Lo. I'm a big Outkast fan btw.
ugh im so pissed off at this country atm. JOSHUA LIVES IN MY STATE TOO. I BETTER MEET HIM. he deserved to win. so did colton.
Enjoyed American Idol Concert & seeing the new Halloween II this weekend!
Doh-- only follow you from UW-- just added you now! Sorry!
beer and charity go hand in hand. more on the horizon surely.
I will miss the BIG chair behind the #President by the #SOTU, will need to sit between the crowd and look up to what a pity.
I have a MAC, but I can't rely on the software exclusively. And so..I still can't get away from the evil giant.
bahaha ok ok. just making sure I didn't miss anything!
McDonald's just screwed us. Didn't give us half our meal or forks for the cinnamelts!
want to work behind the scenes at festivals? check out the newest resource for festival jobs!
My kid turns 6 today... I'm scared of when he discovers girls...
Absolutely! They'll always be the best ones too!
Happy Anniversary to my awesome and lovely, better other half. 22 years! Love ya mama!
Thank you!
I don't understand why ppl don't go to college. Its hard getting a good job without having a good education
Yes B.A!
Teaching 4th graders to play ice hockey then game later
Father-in-law says he can tell I've lost weight! I've only been doing this for a month good sir but thank you!
At bus stop. Fuck it's boring!!
in a number of days you can also wish a happy 11:02, 11 11, 2011. I should do something important at 11:02, on the 11th. Hmm.
LMAO, O, sorry for mentioning ass & off in this text. Be easy bruh
happy birthday(;
Exactly! I see u about dat life. Lol
Thanks for the
hi boo
Off to see at KenCen with !
Suckfest! This Amtrak has no outlets! No play by play this trip
is heading to Miami in 2 days. Will be touring the Norwegian Epic.
“: man fuck this I miss that nigga I was with” :( our old familia
I ordered a set of clubs this weekend -ladies Di9. I'm ready to dominate-and when I say dominate I mean fix my out-of-shape game
Good morning tweeters!
obviously voting nonstop for mos wanted
History lesson: When top tax rate was 91%, employers paid more with benefits to avoid those high taxes. Employees spent - economy soared!
Your Amazing Sarah I love your keeks and tweets . P.S : #AlexSarahEqaulsWordsCutestCouple ~!Angelina!~
"I just tweeted a good one."
Just got asked out on a date! He was such a sweetheart to, I hated saying no. But I got eyes on someone else... 😍😘
come listen to your favorite album on vinyl at SBS. Just got the new Friendly Fires album. Make your appt today (773) 252 - 9522!
RT : A rejected highfive is one of the biggest insults there is.
on tap, Imperial IPA (replaces Demolition Ale)
Niall!!...What would you rather be, a monkey or a banana?
It's cool, I didn't want an #ff today anyway.
Don't forget to get your ballot in for the primary!
Some girl here thought she was Santa and tried to go down her chimney to get in her house kuz she was locked out. Lol
Have you heard the song "Take a Back Road"? I think it's going to my summer 2011 theme song...
Ooh! Always wanted to do that. You like it? Was it spendy?
What does Larry Sanders between tip and the start of the game that requires him to go to the locker room?
I spend more time working on stuff than I do schoolwork. Crunch time..time to study!
Pussy bad, thats obvious. She thick, that body is.
our pleasure!
Congratulations to PSU Softball for winning the PCSC Championship Series with a convincing win of 1-8 against Loyola Marymount University!
Yeah, there was a short period of time where there was an embed button on some videos. Haven't seen it as of late.
Why is everyone trying to give me a hard time today?! Wtf
Innovation needs a place to live in your organization.
I'm so glad God placed you in my life. Couldn't have gotten a sweeter daughter. Love you!!
Nice and warm in the #UMBC library this morning! Come visit!
that mouth dubstep was the Shit!!
I'll be talking w folks today re: creating jobs & fixing the housing crisis. Are these 'real American values?'
Just two more weeks XD
Lowkey this summer gone CRACK!
Good luck!
i just cannot wait till sumer this year cause i get to swim in my giant pool ha and its to cold here now but i need sleep bye everyone :)
I hope my plan succeeds
No… Cause what we got is solid gold. Why would I blow all that on some worn out old…
Joshua! Follow me back!
It's Always Darkest Before Dawn . (:
Thanks for the retweets today!
RT : Hey everyone! & are about to sing together live on #ustream -- I'm in the CAT CHAT here:...
RT : I think groundhog day is so over. Let's hear it for Honey Badger day! << Are u sure cuz the Honey Badger don't give a S^$t
Tomorrow on KOL, why this disappointment might be a little different.
am good,i don spread your song 4 IB city...
Starting drivers Ed this week :)
Lol! Struggling artists.
LMAO... gotta keep it safe
I feel like a broken record, but I am still working on the book. I can see the end in site, though! It's coming together, and I'm so glad.
whole note: what's due after failing to pay the mortgage for a year.
follow me on Instagram if u have 1, i promise i follow everyone back(: and i'll like your photos<3 : Peter Joan Grande
I have so much faith in my team. I can't even put it in words...
#HungerGames was amazing im in #Love can wait for the next movie
Waiting on to pick me up from the aeropuerto... StArViNqqqq..!:$!...
I'm sure you can find them in the city - the store I got it at is in Nassau county - lake success shopping center
Cool! Thanks for following! :)
I guess that's a simpleish one. I just opened up my notes and chose one at random. :P
Watch your habits: They become your character. Watch your character: It becomes your destiny.
RT It's FAR more important to START than it is to get it perfect.
Someone to tell it to is one of the fundamental needs of human beings. ~Miles Franklin
Why am I the only person awake
Success can satisfy humans to an extent, but what happens when it all withers away? Do we know who we really are apart from success?
I love you for coming out with the Blue Sky Record..you are definitely "Real Hip Hop" THANK YOU!!!!!!
Thank u for coming!
Jordan E. Kay. Junior Partner, Sterling Cooper Advertising Agency.
With what?
One thing I've learned is that referencing one character who was principle in your first book is a good touchstone for readers.
Thx! learned as much as others in the class- my learning & the #TRMA585 ah-ha moments w/ tools like twitter made it xtra fun :)
ou thank you when you follow me :D
no only in private
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. ~ Oscar Wilde
Weeks of awful bedtimes were ended tonight when I recalled that dream catchers also snag invisible monsters and hung AJ's above his head.
Bought a new shirt yesterday;wore it 2day.Just caught it on hanging folder hooks &tore it beyond repair.Good thing Im wearing a black bra :(
3 weeks off. Game speed! He'll get it!
I'm really excited :)
and for Michael words can't even explain anything, you are my LIFE, the reason i smile daily, so much to thank you for, <3
After talking at the vatican about catolicism being a dying religion & the race of Jesus, I ate it hard and broke my fav flip flop
so jealous of your jazz fest adventure!!!
Tracy Morgan's apologies accepted - but how about casting a reoccurring gay character on 30 Rock? Perhaps ?
Passion breeds success.
we are all set for tomorrow tweeple: speaker,dancer,boombox, coffee, donuts, social media will make for an awesome breakfast tomorrow
lol my other tweet was for u too lol come over I mean
we were all beginners once! Keep skating - LOTS - and connect with our recruitment committee:
You're having a good profile pic day #justsayin Stopped by to tweet hello!
hey what was with the whole burning of band merch?
How has using web based apps lowered or increased the overhead costs in your business?
My knee is killing me, not liking this feeling
adorable picture! took a break from twitter for a while come back to c all this hate! It's crazy don't listen!
Tip #88: Do you have at least 1 FUN DAY per week where you laugh and enjoy yourself? If you do, your win rate will explode.
Im watching this chopped episode. This guy finished plating one dish he's going home Well thats what they want us to think.
RT : Sorcery last night with Maiya Sykes Dave Wood
Wise: For 40 years we've allowed govt help to be racialized despite white people always being aided by it
Moms new punishment.. For bad grades. No txts after 9!
#ClubPS3 #ClubiPad2 Today is the day! The anticipation is killing me!
Ive had two guys blatantly hitting on me in the past 12 hours... dear world, youre broken. I cant handle this awkwardness :/
justin please come to Bulgaria
yay - the toilet I ordered off of Amazon has shipped :)
Who has a t-mobile phone they wanna sell?
I plan to enjoy your #mw2012 tweets. And then I plan to enjoy the beer you will buy me when you get back to CO.
": We all had a ball at Boss last night. Dat nigga Drago got my ass drunk"
Just passed a Christmas tree farm in Indiana...there are a LOT of fields out here.
i mean, for the record, i am a stud. i think.
we have sold 118 Living Social Coupons! INDIANAPOLIS! LET'S BUY THEM REMAINING 582 & I'M DRAWING FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP! VALUED AT $900!
will do!
Permanently delete your account?
I got my life and career and school to worry about. No time for bs at all.
Way to go #Obama, thanks for finally facing one of the most pressing civil rights challenges of our generation square on! Let's do this!!!
having a final exam on the friday of Oaks day
So many sore losers in Pitt. Love my #pens but flyers were better team. Suck it up. Stop with the crying. Playoffs are all about matchups
Aw! Adorable!
Baby I fuxx wit u cuz of all the lil things u do:-)
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Intelligence, a nice smile, a nice body, juicy lips, tattoos, "good guys", the way he dresses, scent, you and me :)
#NP: Goblin x Tyler the Creator.
My home computer crashed.....lost everything
Rickie Fowler>>>> any other golfer
But add the other one
Is missing living in the South right now, because all I want is an XL SWEET TEA.
"Jam tomorrow, jam yesterday... but never EVER Jam today..." no, wait... Jam Today!! Oh heck yes!!
Thanks to everyone for coming out to this past weekend's MTTS lecture with Prof. Elzinga. Podcast coming soon!
it's the light lol
what do you think ? Question is are you ?
Glad to see my "friends" have so many jokes about my golf game. Just remember, I've NEVER played golf til two weeks ago! #you'llgetyours
why have i not had a gps system my entire life? i want to kiss the ppl who made this thing. hard.
Youth Foundation booth is ready to go for tomorrow. Fair opens at 8am. First Racing Pig Show is at 11am. See you there.
Memorial Health System CEO Dr. Larry McEvoy left his position earlier this month.
Slightly dazed I walk outside and my cars gone..
Sometimes I think running away is the only solution.
John Steinbeck: Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple, learn how to handle them, and pretty soon you have a dozen.
When I use my iPhone while it's plugged into my car charger, I feel like I'm using a car phone from the 90's.
NYC temps. in the 70s and Dallas temps.about 40s. Whats wrong with this picture?
thank you so much.
Awww got my little cap and gown for graduation. :)
RT : Getting ready for #MichaelJackson show tonight tonight by pumping Greatest Hits in office right now.
Thanks for following I already did follow you all. Just mention me if you were not:)
You should.Do you want me ?
Where can I send you fanmail to? :)
Tony here again: Galveston mayor vows that the city will rebuild. The island is without power.
Egypt isn't respecting the rights of it's citizens?! Come on Pharaoh! Let your people go!
I don't see a single logical reason to support any candidate other than Ron Paul. Literally.
im grounded til my parents say im unrounded
yay! okay. let me know! i need plans haha
I'm sorry but has some of the least thought out and most hackie jokes
chi town
What an amazing first week of the conservatory. I feel so artistically happy. What a great group of young people!
The way things are going, I'm going to need a vacation from my vacation.
pretty much...they don't believe and mike wanted it cuz he was talking shit #sportsauthority already called me though :)
text me..im in the library writing this lame paper
writing about baseball!
#SHA2012 On road from St. Louis, what's this about Nor'Easters inbound to Baltimore?
thanks for the shout out!
it's a mindset, a skill set & most importantly training those who deliver services in the District to be the most skilled.
Bath time, reading The Hunger Games.
The Seven Venue in Columbus dawggs
Hi girl! TX 4 mention
Interesting lack of coverage on Earth Day. How about that mayoral debate? Candidates w/last names starting in D no showed.
That other chick is the swagger like us chick
i dont like hot coffee that much but its cold so ima prepare some for myself.
God still does miracles. Today, I saw one.
that's awesome! Thanks.
we are at the winter wood inn!! The best b & b in the world
Please Check out , that's our main account, or , our Creative Services and Social Media Director
call ur team ex nugget western conference playoff team knicks out 1st round to whoever u play melo hogs the ball that will hurt u
One last hurrah!
Good luck ?
Ducklings! 1st duckling citing of spring! (I just read this tweet, realized how dumb it is & started to erase it. But screw it.) Ducklings!
Is chatroulette the next Twitter? Will marketers find a way to leverage for mktg purposes? How soon?
Air-conditioning, Restaurant Refrigeration Services 617-792-3350 Boston, Suburbs
we're just getting started :) lots of cool event stuff happening soon we'll keep you in the loop
best feeling EVER! :)
classy, man, classy
at choral society. alone.
No worries. You make excellent stuff. Had the Szechuan peanuts again last Monday. Happy happy hour snack.
Night-walk is my favorite walk.
Thanks for the follow! Wish you'd published my recent blog comment on the interview with Julia Chuang.
I want to go to there. via Nueskes: LuLuBayView Today's Soup is Beer Cheese made w/Nueske's #Bacon, Riverwest Stein, & #Wisconsin Cheese!
boat tomorrow<3
Mine and Carlos' pinky promise 😂 >>
'The Net' must be really confusing for millennials.
Local ACLU raises concerns regarding recall petitions, saying process could jeopardize domestic Violence, stalking victims.
yeah :-P
So far, so good with the new job...really like it so far :)
If there's anything I haven't missed, it's shaving everyday.
Frustrating times...
Come on the field so I can elbow you in the face.
Pink Kisses ;-o Muah!
Delightful Pastries is on their 4th delivery of packzi for the day! Get them while their fresh!
"I wasn't that drunk!" "dude you found a watch and changed your name to Ben..."
Hello brad Richards thanks for showing up today. Overtime baby
and quite large...
People go see live! Stickam
Hey Pete, don't let the door hit your vagina on the way out.
Shakespeare & Company just made a cameo appearance in this movie. Wonder if the Watchers still run it.
I'm not saying I'm for the acquisition. Just saying that deleting your accounts today seems a little rash.
Yay! I would do it on every sunny day, but living where I do, I feel that would be a bit much. And the Shell by me runs out.
Micheal made me a hot dog today c:
You might get jump if yo got on an Albert pujos jersey on tonight
Happy New Years Everyone! 2012!
“: don' text me and be boring and shit my number a privileged treat it like one”!!!
Isn’t it time to shift from an economy based on money making money to an economy based on money creating jobs and genuine prosperity?"
I just hope they get a discount on their hospital bills for showing up with the baby already born.
When I'm older & my daughter asks me who my first love was, I'll be able to point across the room and say she's right there.
Inc. we provide business formations, asset protection and private security, attorneys, employees and professional contacts.
So just used tungle.me for the first time in a long time...its amazing how many apps or smb web products there are out there!
It will be between the building and sidewalk and run the length of building. A surprisingly large space!
In case no one is sure, I love
RT : Home & energized. NCSC/ALF always good, this was the best. It'll be hard to top. "Just Say'n"
Sent out gift certificates to local food bloggers - get ready for some great reviews!
Can't wait to watch the #grammys tonight... bittersweet
Listening to driving to #Chicago to begin my new job at a soon-to-be #beer & wine dive, recalling my own Hofbräuhaus memories
I want to take your misery; replace it with happiness, but i need your faith in me
Follow she's my twin sister :D
is this the real Robert?
Our #changlorious #freefriday offer is open to residents of #teamblanketsburg and #pillowtown ... And
If he'd shown any iota of that "talent" they wouldn't have.
What do you mean destroy...how about barely surviving with a man down for 12 minutes...our keeper saved us...great game!!
titular men? How did Bawney Fwank come into this conversation?
You are gorgeous af follow me?:)
Misses you too
damn is that the route we going? Because yanno....
wolves in the throne room show last night was sick
Ecstatically celebrating successful first day of helping hospice workers in Florida learn to use Samsung tablets for medical record-keeping
girl you are sprung ;)
wii!! que biein ;)
when do you come home?
When u write u business plan, always include ur exit strategy, even if u don't go thru w/ the sale. Bryan Janeczko
u having baby?
I haven't decided yet. I'm off for 5 days the 14-18. Options are LA, Phx, or SD. Might do one of those for 3 days and kick it here
love it!!
#np , rise n shine
“: RT : Hey Steelers Nation How Y'all Like Me Now?? #OldSlow&Done << Keep it classy” but this jerk was never classy
It's a sweet bike! : Just wanna make sure no one takes a picture : hasn't tried a 300cc Vespa
: who are your top 5 teams as of now?”. Cuse ain't losing with melo
Did I spell Austin's Song Wrong "Say Somethin" OMG i'm so disappointed /:
extremely powerful! Best I have heard.
New drama Revolution on NBC looks good, but better keep the expectations low in the Monday 10 p.m. hour.
Get ready for Napa Hour! 5pm!
I've been waiting for #AfterLaughter forever. I can hardly wait. : )
there are some companies that already offer that but they're lame. An exchange and sharepoint expert can set up the same thing
I wanna f*ck you like an animal. I wanna feel you from the inside.
I love Janet's blog!
Quick rules: Questions for today’s chat go Q1, so respond to each question “A1" & don’t forget to add #indieview to each comment!
cant wait to see
lol we miss your sarcasm and your funny random remarks!
I really love video gonna love u.. It has a great message to all the fathers out there taking care of their children
thanks for the follow!(:
mental debacle
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! Z
i just threw up, because it is so damn hot in Nevada
Second of all, I'm a nice person..I like to think I am..:) I just don't do anything half-ass'd backward..if my heart ain't it, forget it.
Pancakes for dinner and beer for dessert. Perks of adulthood!
You have no idea how much I'd love to visit you guys! Miss you so much!
well you know what they say about opinions. There like assholes. Everyone has one but most stink!
Ah. Interesting. Looks like you've expanded the definition of middies for the modern game, no?
Glad you had a good time! RT : Belated thanks 2 fun night Monday
Thank you for the shout out!
this is by no means pro wrestling or mma... mma is a mixture of various fighting styleshat requires years of focus and training
words to live by. Thanks for sharing.
Just ran 8 miles in a hour and tens minutes. Feeling awesome.
DBS is playing across the street at The Hard Rock Battle of the Bands at City Walk at 8pm. Maybe we can hop over after!
Thunderbolt and lightning Very very frightening me!
Still didn't get a nap. now I'm debating if i really wanna go out tonight
Had fun plaque-hunting in Morningside Heights for ! New thesis-break hobby?
nice job looking pretty good
I wonder if & the crew in one of the clubs in Miami tonight :)
I just turned on the tv and the Bill Cunningham show was on...I thought it was an SNL skit at first...this can't be real
Can't breathe, tired as hell, & stomach hurts, this day cannot go well.
#SometimesIwonder what I'd be doing if I still lived in Oklahoma.
Working with a Sporting Clays Shooter today - heading to the Dallas Gun Club to put the training into practice. Great Day!
Went to the zoo, mall, target, now chillen by the pool reading the hunger games, going to see titanic in 3D in an hour ;)
Say what you mean, mean what you say and learn the art of a High "No". #GO!
New Thursday #vavavoom come see us tonight!
Ministry Thanks for retweet, and indeed may God's blessing rest on you and yours today.
Well my birthday is next week so my cousin is taking me for a girls day mani pedi and lunch
You are a great couple! and you are AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!
researching mingle from Thoughtworks and contemplating going to Whistler tomorrow
Do you embed them or just link to vids? How do you embed in GDocs?
Here's to Karma!
I could've gotten an extra hour of sleep.
I miss my nieces
haha :) how are you? is your name pishoo? whats your concentration with AH?
Cincinnati is fired up and
Way too baked in struggle hall
My sister:I like ur socks sky : my what Me: ur socks Sky:my cocks*looks at me with a oops face 0_0* we all busted out laughing
thanks for the great write up about MCA
Pom and citrus...friend has done mandarin orange.
Aside from Pandora's stellar performance as a net radio service, the anti-Obama ads suck ass. I don't care abt your politics. GIVE ME MUSIC!
ChUrCh!! MisSed mAdONNa, being lazy with my sis in law b4 i head back h0Me..!
love dont live here no more .....
Definately open to the idea..Let's talk about how to do it.
The link is still active.. Should warn you that I get nostalgic for the 90s in the winter.
Really? That's horrible, I loved that band. Time for a Google search. Thanks for the heads up, Alli
That awkward moment when you run into twin (not knowing it's not her) and try to start a whole conversation! =P
i havent been on here in forever! wassup mahomies? :) -Melanie
Who knows. He may be back.
cool, will drop you an email in the morning.
Happy Easter Rasheed!!!!
I'm back on the path of exercise! It's summer again =) time to shed those winter pounds and jiggles!
Don’t judge my choices if you don’t understand my reasons !
Props to the first post-game recap that calls this final score "deceiving."
#nowplaying - Eye Know - de la soul
Heading to lunch, but I'm treating it as brunch - that means I'm drinking
how you gonna do that to good ol' Jobby?
fans unite! Vote 4 MIGGS' Girls & Boys video on MTVU. The more votes, the better: www.mtvu.com/category/music/the-freshmen
Spread the joy!!! Come in and bring a friend for Brazilian Waxing. 2 for $70!!!! ($30 Savings). Call today!!! 773-342-6333.
to fly back to the UK or US?
Hellz, yeah!! (we ain't afraid of no ghosts!) See to anchor "Ghostbusters" reference(s). Haha!!
Haha it could be. It's part of the underground tunnel system, populated by homeless people and pedestrian commuters.
aha thanks! (: my chubby little costume..(;
lol Amazing how I was thinking the same thing
Back to for the Yelp event! So excited to try their brunch menu!
Really? Okay then.
My dad and brother are making me cry all the time w/ this new baby stuff lol.
I was vut im sick but im going on Friday, yeah I heard it was I spent the weekend watching all the movies
totally. should've gone to HR right away. isn't that what HR is for? & should've put up a diff Firefly poster instead. ;)
I already checked them out and they are my style of music! :) They are really good! :D
Yeah Buddy!! :DD
you said "damp bun"
“: babies are blessings” of course :)
OMG! You are SO adorable! I LOVE YOU and it would mean the worldd to me, if you would follow and reply♥ #PutYourHeartsUp ♥♥♥
Too bad women aren't suited to dealing with clients on important issues. really did a good job with the scripts.
i have no much on my mind. something happened in new jersey. i swear his girlfriend did something.
Thanks! If we can do anything to help, we want to make sure we're available. We all know how frustrating it can be to wait.
I would guess the more acculturated you are the more you identify with Hispanic.
till next mon
Thanks for the mention! Hope you're having a great Wednesday!
The KOKO Dennis Show is seeking interns to be a part of our production team. Videographers , Photograhers and Production Assistants please e
How many shots Kobe made the last 5 mins???? ...... huh??? I wanna know
looked very nice on June make over!!
lol i hear ya
Colorodo? What is this new state you speak of? Any relation to Colorado? ;)
are you home?
When you follow us, you should have received a DM, let us know if you didn't!
Practice Today .
Follow our favorite auto peeps They're generous #supporters of our fight against #recidivism!
No regrets.
Freshly squeezed orange juice.... right here at ABX inside Excalibur!
thx for sharing! x
You sir, can suck it. Jerk.
lets hope you dont have a heatwave and a drought then
What is it about the "religious people" that the left has so much difficulty with? It can't be that they are threatened by them, could it?
Dance dance dance till ya dead
Without phonebooks how are we to press autumn leaves?
Why are all these people posting their lottery tickets! People will copy your numbers! :>)
Just scored 6 world of color passes from a random person
re: memory foam mattresses bahahah!
You got a kik bro?
bleh last work of mercy
•International Expo and Conference on Analytrix & HPLC - Conference in Chicago, USA 22-24 October2012, being organized by OMICS Group.
Is it too high school-ish to require that students memorize a section of poetry for my intro-level courses? Do others out there do this?
Vendors restrict borrowing period on #ebooks - ex: 3, 7 or 28 days. Not long enough for
you betta WERK that first class ;)
When faith ceases to pray, it ceases to live. - E.M. Bound from The 5 Principles of Powerful Prayer by Margaret R. Banks.
Africa the new track from Innovators next album is a bomb.Kip watching
We dont talk anymore. And you know the saddest part is we used to talk everyday.
Bears suck lol come on Denver next time go out of bounce bears fan!!!!!!!!!
Down to the mall to watch the discovery shuttle :)
Springtime means blossomed flowers and new opinions lol
family time is the best haha I don't do that
wait I can do better
true but can you handle all the rules lol
you are my
Dig it. Our band-aids are skateboards.
At #pla12 ... Keynote speaker Robert Kennedy, Jr. Up now!
Dicks Pizza lounge, reminds me of Chicago
Judging entries for a creative writing contest. If one more person writes a poem about crying in the rain I'm going to scream!
idk how to reply from my fone on crosswalk, but yes I'm at FNO
My cat just stepped on my ass crack! AWKWARD!! O.o
A few residents petitioned 4 a WF on the Westbank in New Orleans to no avail back in '08. Told not profitable.
Got my first choice workshop for #saa2012 Teaching Intertextually sounds like its going to be great.
I don't think Pandora will bring Apple down at all... now, some OTHER Google products have potential. ;)
RT : In town for Thanksgiving? Come in for Wed. night tours for 3 nonperishable food items !
I think I'll lean on Psalm 40 in it's entirety today
Tristan juss thinks I'm finna watch these lame cartoons all day. No sir!
I really don't even like a baby python gripping me like that it's too messed up. Cornsnakes are good for me. Good pet for retards and gimps.
Bulls should just try there best to get D.Rose back
I like the yahoo ranks, but I've moved some myself...
it's leisure-tastic! thanks bryan, have a fab weekend!
...having major issues with my internet connection.
Red state,,,, easily one of the best films I have seen in years, watch it!
So stoked to see play tomorrow. It's going to be the best day ever. Love you guys !
You know you've played too much Tetris when you close your eyes and all you can see are dropping blocks.
Thanks for sharing our most popular March promotional items blog. Glad you liked it :-)
There may be pain in the night, but joy comes in the morning.
Happy #stpatricksday! Come celebrate Italian-style with $3 Peronis all day long!
Let's do this! All Red #Sixers <3
Burning both ends of the candle (and everything in between LOL). No, I wouldn't have it any other way! EN FUEGO.
Who did that to you????? xoxoxoxo
Learn who your prospects are and cater your content to them.
58° and sunny for ! Perfect weather for a Currach row - especially when it's on a float!
My school is under lockdown(: rock on \m/
Gonna be a good day tomorrow. #ANightinHollywoodLive firework show shopping tomorrow! So much to do!!!
Please follow !!!
So after playing my first real country show I find myself at some podunk bar in Celina, OH. Not bad! Great musicians here at the 211 Bar!
i think my alarm clock hates me.. started 2 fall asleep n it rings 2 whole hours early?? wth
I don't wanna get up!
#Tru get better homes I'll check back then.
thanks, the cake WAS delish!
- it could be a few things. Do you need to download 64bit driver? Is you dongle for version 8.9? We'll get 2 the bottom of this.
Yeah I saw some of his games when he was in Ohio State was a beast
Lol on the low.
It's obvious Romney has no compassion for people or animals.
Tonight! Living room lounge! 446 w Virginia rd crystal lake il. 21+ enter and drink !! Two rooms! Tropical and karaoke! 9pm-2am
my pleasure!
You can talk all you like. Facts kill your weak argument. What's the number? Where's that lawyer of yours?
A post #vday dinner would be nice too! RT Men of SD it's too late to book for Valentine's Day, they are booked!
going pretty good trying to establish a network
South Philly in the house!! Specifically, my house! RT : And I'm off to #spsphilly. Anyone else staying in South Philly? ;-)
But now it's gonna be a long day, and even a longer night.
you rock!
cute. RT : RT : The conference so nice, they hashtagged it twice.
Welcome to Dmitry Nechaev official Facebook Music page!
my first fave book
Apparently, I'm now doing Pinterest.
Apparently an Ice Cream ad I did a few yrs ago is up in Canada. If anybody happens to see it, please tweet a pic of it! :) thank you
Lots of happy #nerd shout outs in Paul! I loved the cantina band reference
Oh man! Back to the drawing board ;) “: Why do men use pictures with babies, puppies and orphans as a lame attempt to get laid..
Achieving the Exit with Michael Gilman &amp; Stromedix - Private Equity Hub (press release)
Two great gigs this weekend with a client meeting to end it on today. What a great April!
the spurs played a sorry ass jazz team! Who is even on the jazz?
me either
it was great to be apart of it. :-)
yeah really, it's like a red flag to NOT listen to them
We search for some of the greatest artists in the country and place their art in our store!!!
dam thats where i was gona take you to eat for prom! xD
Dump trucks are crushing personal property; media is barred from area; protestors hit with batons, digital media confiscated..
Nothing better than cruising around Baltimore in a shiny clean car. 30min until we pick 3 lucky winners. RT to enter.
It's 5am and I'm still slamming bevs at a bar with no end in sight... Good morning!
Been thinking about this the last few months since we started using Mapnik where I work. I've got deployment less sketchy now.
*raises a lighter with you* :)
So glad to see these two working together. is such an incredible talent. n I good old friend. #God'sSpeed
Aksana Seduces Our Cameras
Yeah, it's the playoffs. I expect "playoff" officiating.
Lmao Cameron seems high.
Her tampons are like walking around with a medium size hard penis in you all day. She needs help
I just don't see how selling "gay Latino Couples" is funny. I mean, I don't get it. There are gays all over of all races.
Rock and Roll music tonight with at 8:30pm. Check it out!
: Yeah I don't see this generation of kids getting into a Will Smith saving the world from Aliens.
You're the best thanks again. You can vote every 24 hours hint hint :)
Sorry I can not hear you....I'm kinda busy...
Good times with the local music tonight on The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz!
Slacker radio is amazing :O
sad cole hamels is suspended but that was such a good hit!
You better clean this up or Mom's gonna lose it. 3yo: What things is mom going to lose?
Research...and it don't stop...
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly tell them that Wal-Mart is having a sell on paper bags.
Dance-fest!
Alec hear you are going to guest star on Anger Management with Charlie Sheen is in the works, now that will be awesome brother!
Cui bono! Bro. Gavin is turning in his grave.
Thanks fam! Tell E Dog I said its the truth haha
uh oh!! Looks like the Thigpen Kids are reuniting today!! Time to annoy mother!! lol
Difficulties increase the nearer we approach the goal.
My picture that I drew almost 7 years ago is up in my doctor's office <3
#FIXJOBS #FIXECONOMY Stop signing "Free Trade" deals causing export of factories & jobs. Every Billion in Trade Deficit costs 100k+ jobs
aye thanks.
Anne of Green Gables by L.M. Montgomery: Tomboy gets the guy!
it's possible to get only 5 years for 2nd degree murder but 20 years for stealing a computer? #Huguely or 40 and 0.
doctors give perscriptions dude, but we give #PurpSkurpshuns Dude hooooo
The #word #grind #makes #me #smile CieraMariexoxo
Don't care about anything right now! I can't even stop smiling! So happy but with so many problems..? Wonder how that's possible. Love life!
Love the new #postsecretapp it is addictive. It should probably have a spell check element added but, it is a winner.
Moved by our President's speech. I am proud to be an American!
In 1999 we though the search game was over, Yahoo had won -
KATIE'S MOM
Come see Mirage play Saturday from 7-11pm. Enjoy this Milwaukee favorite here at Jimmy's!
It appears that I have become the official party planner for people who get new jobs at natgeo....
You don't "manufacture" communities, you nurture so its a combination of organic and influenced
Pick a time and ill inform them :)
Man. This is really the year of doing grown-up stuff, isn't it?
We will pay $100 for your old sofa!!! We will pay $100 towards your new sofa purchase if you bring your old one.!!!
Is there a German word for asking on Twitter whether or not the Germans have a single word for your own specific, complicated observation?
Great !!! You are my go to for Yankee info
how was the phil knight interview? i missed it. but friends....i saw oprah behind the scenes. holy cow.
I hope everyone has a very horny day :D
That was a first for me! Wow
there's no judgement day?
Exactly one year until the 83rd legislative session begins.
I got you girl...to the wall
Who Names His Cat " Perfect " or makes a twitter for a cat ?!
Talk too much trash? An amazing woman is defined by not just what she says, but what she does. We think you do it well. ; )
Hey Houston, we really wanted to say Thanks for the follow!
lmfao!!! Did I just see a kiddie perm. Work it girl
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe When someone asks the same question over and over again
Off for my 2nd carpal tunnel surguery.
So much stuff to do, so little time to do it.
Minnesota Tile &amp; Stone opened a new flagship studio - Minneapolis Star Tribune
I was wondering about that. Thanks!
Tom, thanks for signing up! We appreciate it!
Two Years Ago You INSPIRED Me to Be A Better Dancer & You Still Do To This Day! Happy Birthday! & I Hope You Had A GREAT One!<3
PENN STATE!!!
It's funny how everyone on twitter say they got the latest clothing or shoes.But see them on the street it's another story😂😂😂
How exciting! How are you feeling? Hubby just started building us a house. He looks good in his hard hat and work boots!
Lol who is beefing with? Why would anybody try her ? She's too trill!
If I took you home, you'd be a home run.
We at Center for Justice and Social Compassion work on ID issues so homeless people can get medical services. Best to you!
#demf how many times will utter the word juggalo today? If he were in Detroit right now, would he say it more? No doubt.
I knew the time would come when you would stop doing ustreams and you would stop tweeting weird things...):
Sprite, good. You mind if I have some of your tasty beverage to wash this down?
ha ha my brotha! Good job as always!!
will do, we need to hang out! :)
Percy came to at today...most of the rest of the #Vikings seem checked out.
me(: you should go.
Short skirt and a long pancake?
Hopefully my food is done in the oven soon
Redneck sin number 1 "saying the pledge without your hand on your heart"
sadly even with all the tech talent in Baltimore, city govt is too ignorant to draw on it for its own good.
you portrayed him well....
Can you believe Jenifer hudson? So gorgeous ...
idk but I'd steer clear of us if you don't wanna catch anything! but we all know that's impossible :)
killed it on #SNL last night!
RT Given the GOP field, I think it's time to start a third party that picks a candidate through a beauty pageant.
what's good bro?
For a limited time, buy our kid's &quot.pop-up book app&quot. for 99 cents =]
lol, that might be my favorite
BIG PLANS THIS WEEKEND! May 7 - #ROCLandlordExpo at #MCC and #ImagineRIT at #RIT - Visit , , and the team!
Yes, but message was the same: Shop at Macys
oh its nothing ;-)
Lend only those books you never care to see again!
Hotel TV mysteriously turned on and won't shut off.
I was going to start dieting a bit on this tour. But then I realized how much I'm obsessed with bacon for all the time.
followed, follow back:)
The poor make-up man that received an honorary Oscar needs make-up. Irony.
Boston College (Hockey East), Air Force (Atlantic Hockey), Miami of Ohio (CCHA) and North Dakota (WHCA)
ohh, shut the hell up fagg! imaaa bitch slap youu. (y) dont get people calling me that again.
Thanks for the follows,
Im up for no reason.....i need to be back in the bed.
In the future if I get the hairbrained idea to want to upload tons of HD video remind me again not to. Shit takes 4EVER!
Seaside early in the a.m.
I just wanted to thanks everyone for being Dianely's fans! You all Rock!
I'm A Vet No Pets Bitch.#ItsProblemsHoe .#HoeGoHam .
smoking a cig dick!
Of all bad men religious bad men are the worst
running late. Sorry. Be there ASAP
Happy birthdaayyyy ! Miss ya!
well it isn't pretty ... but it was way more then I thought I could do! :)
Congrats! You have a new subject to tweet about for the next 9 months. I bet your labor tweets will be fantastic!
Out the 
Mcds SWAG with and
fifty dollars in donations so far!! Thank you to all the people who are lending a hand, we appreciate it!
omg. ooommmmggg. that's hilarious.
Elusive sources? RT : Are you a dog owner? AP would like to talk to you for an article. Please email or call 212-621-7115.
It's on! RT : Downtown SF workers: Lunchbox Project asks you to bring a lunchbox Friday to reduce takeout waste...
Great win for the
I'm a BITCHatTIMES and I don't give a FUCK!
my tweet was from ccha so im definitely winning!
now i can't go back to sleep
#bawse RT : I just destroyed two sandwhiches in only a matter of minutes lol
MLS' Don Garber in Orlando: "Yesterday’s U-23 victory vs Mexico is more important than beating Italy." (because what Olympics mean in USA)
that is kind of a mixed message.
Haters have one advantage over me, they can kiss my ass, i can't...
thinking about traveling, need to get out of new york city, any suggestion?
- better rethink that...Pujols has 2 rings!
UH-OH!! Its about to go down.. is available NOW in VA [McLean & Sprgfld] gotta get my FLO Sangria recipe RIGHT
While your over there I'm in San Antonio sweating !! ); SA weather sucks!!
lol that ain't what tim told me
Kuali is amazing.
You know it. My Lord. You won't ever believe the things that kid would say to me... Total craziness. No one would ever dare
But you won't let those robots defeat me
HEY :( THAT HERT
I might just keep Yeasayer on loop today.
aye aye , fuuck you Austin. He will too. My boy #AndrewLuck (no homo)
Memphis! Catch our sessions airing on birthday - Sat April 7 at midnight on PBS.
Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
repeats that "government worked." "We fulfilled promise of public service." About to sign bill...
Tumblr > Twitter > Facebook > MySpace
Thanks for following! Looking forward to reading your tweets & connecting!
It's a bourbon and scary movies night.
Cool, wet weather throws a wrench in corn planting - Marshalltown Times Republican
back to kid Cudi
Are any Heat fans actually upset at Chris Bosh for missing Game 3 to be there for the birth of his child? Check your priorities, people!
Wherever there is work to be done, there is opportunity. And there is always work to be done.
#Oomf Did Not Come See Me Today!!
im going to start getting to follow me
is moving in with the librarians this summer.
im sure. Just sucks they are leaving.
now you know how I felt! At least you can go out the window.
I'm sorry I like to share things that make me laugh. My bad.
Jesus freaks
So glad it was busy at Great job!!
Leake's lucky long leggings!
Enjoy your weekend !!
When are you going to talk about Obama trying to bribe Sestak. Everyone else is and we will see an impeachment in 2011.GFYAH
Kind of bummed the Deftones are playing with System of a Down this summer
okay for some reason my twitter never informs me when I get an @ mention, so this wouldn't be the best way
MYSPACECOM/OGBIGGTRAI187 THATS WERE YOU CAN PEEP IT IT GOT A LI'HOME VIDEO TO IT.
More than halfway through April and only 6 "likes" before 500! Don't forget - if we reach 500 in April someone will win a great prize! <3
LOL Remember the guy you used to mess with?! You didnt put his name so you got like 3 or 4 Spiders tattooed on your stomach?
There's some major political news brewing! More information coming up on at Noon!
I still need to do my science -.-
im team minaj all the way i luv her..!
Thanks && for featuring us as Band of the Day RT !! We appreciate everything you do !!
#SeacrestWins #BranchesMomSmarts : My mom always told me to pack two jackets for red carpets, always wondered why. Now I know.
Looking forward to Soror on Ready for these other folks to sit it on down.
At least I got a call! :)
The pencil I'm holding says, "Someone has to win. Why not you?"
that's disgusting!!!
Looking forward to playing a private acoustic gig at tomorrow.
I am so addicted.
it's just as bad when they are yelling and jumping all over you. It's only easy when they are gone for the day.
It's the imperfections in life that make it perfect.
hit a HR before Pujols... I'll be damned.
hello who wants to deliver me chicken n00ds soup please and thank you
n'aww RT : Happiest of Birthdays to Ms. ! Hope you have a great day! (Everyone should follow her btw)
haha I know I know
How long do the #RedSox make us wait today before calling a rainout?
punk!! Lol yes. And you? Work, school?
Eh, I'm used to it with him...
I used to listen to the Beach Boys greatest hits on vinyl in my living room when I was a young'n
Where have you been?
right.thats it..:D
you goin to la cosina tonight?
COCONUT WATER – WHAT ARE YOUR THOUGHTS? Coconut water contains L-arginine, an amino acid that stimulates the energy center of your cells, a…
Thought of the day: Don't be upset about how far you still have to go, be excited about how far you've come! =)
sweet. I see looks like James Jones, Brad Jones, Randall Cobb and Ryan Taylor. I don't recognize the rest yet lol
#Bees are in decline - not just #honeybees, but also native pollinators.
Laughed like crazy watching Colber report last night.Freaking out with swine flu reports in PR and making macedonia for a dinner party 2nite
Received the perfect card from a soon to be graduate. It's a pretty cool circular dynamic to have.
It was alright, it helped a little. Problem is, I don't want to have to use a mask more than 1 or 2x a week :/
Happy Labor Day San Diego!
Thank you Steven! Cheers!!
Thanks for the feedback. Should be some more stuff up soon.
Also frayed my dress. Thank you gospel wear's mighty zipper.
Summer nights come at me.
How come "abbreviated" is such a long word ?
Ferret Fact: Ferrets were domesticated thousands of years ago; pictures on the walls of Egyptian tombs show ferret-like creatures on leashes
Circus @ Pioneer Courthouse Square is cancelled due to the rain.
Leaders aren’t designated; they emerge
much appreciate to have it :]
Heard "We Built This City" earlier & waited for the rock and roll city structure Starship spoke of. I guess they fired the city planner.
Teh Bieber is in my head. This is your doing, Pie.
hey babe! Yes, I will. (: can't wait to see you #missyou hey. you need to text me because I have to ask you a question.
Moving to Vegas next year I told you id pay you a million bucks to visit all my houses around the world Im not giving you $100
Time to rally behind #Romney! Let's band together and defeat Obama!
our tchrs r good, our kids r smart. The big wigs changed the way they graded FCAT this year & scores fell. Not teaching prob 2/2
Witch is better Facebook or tweeter
$11 bucks to watch the bucks game? On TV? Really?
Wells Fargo Bank in Carbondale robbed - Glenwood Springs Post Independent
P.S. had so much fun yesterday ... I'm gonna miss everyone when I'm gone =(
❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ I'm just ready for summer 2012
Hey, what types of costume design do you specialize in? Let's talk. :)
meeting from google today! I'm so excited to meet such a big deal!!!! Thanks !! I'm going to be posting about this.
Thanks! Let me know if you have ideas or know sites that struggle with what to do about ghost legends
Thanks for following us, Rafael!
May the 4th be with you all
The downside of having neither Duke nor Missouri in my final four means I do have a team like Murray St in it. Go Racers!
Your making all of us feel bad. We all thought there was a defined purpose to surfing #Facebook for hours.
I'd prefer Mario Bros.
What 3 NFL players current or retired, are constantly compared like Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant and Lebron James?
Drop the puck already
was thinking same :/ How has no one intervened in this shit show?! Kids are screwed
Bittersweet. Was renewed for half season & it will probably be its last because NBC doesn't know what they are doing.
Can't wait til and I are in Albany and Pittsburgh to see !!! Valentine's day with my 3 Fav. boys? YES PLEASE!
This performance of Raise Your Glass is a hot damn mess
I can scarcely believe that LAMs would be considered to have significant competitive advantages over anyone
hahaha no we were playing against him... It was
I love cover of Leavin' by Jesse McCartney!!(: <3
I'm officially counting the minutes until we get away for the weekend without the kids (nothing personal, kids. I still love you)!
lol hahaha u guys crack me up
I'm 19 math problems away from getting 4 hours of sleep.
Aww, thanks sweetie! RT : it's because the Mark Shale girls are there :)
Heading to forum! It should be fun!
the iPhone seems a blessing and cross to bear for sprint. But longterm beneficial.
Fantastic. RT : I just spoke to J.R. Smith. He confirmed that he's nearing a deal with the New York Knicks.
great day for Reds Opening Day!
and knows how to peel them back. No posing just exposing #authenticportraits BOOM!
Sad day for Beastie Boys fans, MCA dead at 48. =(
How's business so far in 2012?
We should try and trend MAHOMIE 4 LIFE (: Who wants to help!? -Kayla
Trash talked by many,hated by some.guess how many fucks I give ? It's less then one .... none son !!! I'm a stepper fool !!!
no that's such a bummer
Back in the land of cheesesteaks and WRTI for only a couple days
the Skittles denote childhood innocence taken away.
i'm feeling a little tired still i'm going to see if i can go and take a nap. this day is going too slow for me.
I am booked up w/client meetings in Northern Cali this week, but am following tweets like a fiend. #MW2012 You there?!
Friendly democratic reminder: The deadline to register to vote in this year's PA primary is tomorrow at 5 p.m.
Happy 3rd Birthday, Bella!
i don't wanna go in the morning for tutoring, but i have to pick my grade up in chemistry ughh.
I have something u can take if u need 100% recovery! U know I'm the bowel expert.
We loved him. Looking forward to hearing the new song.
We've had new users join the Foster.ly website every day since February.
Only 10-20% chance of rain this weekend? For Music Fest? Get real - homie don't play that.
That's awesome!
Just chocked on a cheeeto
:(((( sorry i just smashed my finger in the car door=(((
Curiously, she said [her husband and I] had roughly the same build. From the waist up, I imagine.
#ReplaceATLSongsWithSkunkHair ?! really why dont u just shut up! -___-
As Arts & Humanities Month ends, count the Quidditch trick-or-treaters and be grateful kids still read!
rats: now something has gone wrong for our intended celebration. Wait...
#aimeeraupp Aimee, at what point / age in your life did you really find your rooting in confidence?
This place is starting to look like home.
lol now treat!
he couldn't believe how banana-y a real banana smelled. like it was too banana-y to be a banana. very post-modern situation.
Life and Times with Tim is amazing.
On our own shit, Trends come and go but real shit never dies
I WOULD TOTALLY GO TO A MOVIE OF GOOGLE STREET VIEW
School=Out=Pool=MORE TWITTER
Spring Cleaning? Text You of the Day "I will clean the ______ this weekend, it will only take ______hours" then what a great relief.
never been to a junk yard before... this should be interesting :)
“: no way!! I just turned 33!! Par-tayyy. Lmbo very very funny
Let's slip on out where it's a little bit darker, and when it gets a little bit hotter...We'll take it off on out in the water.
the iPhone 4. I have to tell you. It super important.
You too! Have a wonderful day! :)
Gonna stop by tonight!
I'll be around SCT for both of those dates. I'm not too involved with MML, but I am working FOH.
Glad I am not the only one. If its not Carter Barron, I leave it alone.
You ever notice how the people who always rush to tell you how grown they think they are happen to be the most childish people you know?
Hahaha ok thanks! :)
Thanks for the follow! Looks like I'll be seeing you bright and early tomorrow at #SMBMSP. Looking forward to it!
saw in an article yesterday that a shootin range used targets that look like Trayvon Martin, didnt have his face but had the skittles n tea
SD Advertising has an opening for a marketing manager. If anyone is interested let me know.
I've been wanting to try that out.
Yes it does. Im happy too but i feel like i've missed alot of stuff that is going on with the boys :(
Interesting insight. I think this is just an isolated thing, though. I wasn't very queer-identified in hs.
Yesmam, got them all. I think, haha.
Thanks Rebecca! Donors like you helped us achieve amazing things with our South Africa partners in 2010. Can't wait for 2011!
I guess you are Living In Oblivion. ;-)
Ha my favorites are way old. Stumbled across 40 pairs of heels
And I'm such an animal lover too! I've never had a kitty attack! Luckily, I had antibacterial wipes.
On our way to the venue vics has no chance!!!
WAY TO HIGH UP IN THE SKY !
It sounds like from the article that the kids in the competition were supportive of one another..that is great!
Reggie Bush will steal some touches away from Bess
Prob just more expensive pee.“ Bud Light Platinum? Perhaps it tastes slightly less like pee.”
I don’t even remember though I was probably hella bent
So I can't enroll MY child because I am a step parent !!!
Vegetarian and vegan are ancient words for bad hunter and bad fisherman
Perk of working for a small firm: not being frustrated by corp. overspending. On a different note, I miss my $800 desk chair.
Thanks! didn't vote : (
FILL IN THE BLANK: The best holiday song EVER is ___________.
Oh you smoke pot? I wish I could be as cool as you one day.
thank you for #ff!
Holy shit, this Celtics/76ers game is nuts.. gotta love
Scott Walker new campaign slogan. "Wisconsin last in jobs. See I promised we'd be brown bagging it"
End the Fed before it ends us.
Broncos! WHAT ARE YOU DOING!!
Sweet. Blecko will help #journalists do advanced searches, get authorized sources.
Lumpiness. We talking hotel business or mattresses?
Seeking referral/recommendation for bulk document scanning services in Madison, WI, area.
I can tell I'm really gonna look forward to reading (& disagreeing w/a lot of) ur tweets. But what's up w/the shirtless pic yo?
Success is never the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire ~ Arnold Glasow
Going to #Coerper's tonight for the first time. Maybe we'll get snowed in and they will just have to feed us breakfast too!
try seltzer for 2 weeks. Put a squeeze of lemon or lime, or frozen raspberries if you need to.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🐛
I need spike lee's tshirt
love the first two but ill check out pretty lights and the youtube intro. Thanks!
i dont feel like you care anymore
Big birthday shout out to our main man, He is a huge part of helping us get our brews to you.
#whimsicalgates being installed in May at Heritage Museums & Gardens. follow our stories
looking forward to an exciting 2nd half!
maybe 10 years ago haha those are like VHS... it's all digital now
nevermind its all good.
That should be me.....
Know what's crazy? How much I love being called "Monster." Capital M. Yeah, I dig it. Thanks. <3
every month something big happens with my music, I'm ready for next month. ticket giveaway on tuesday! new songs soon
Men are slower to recognize blessings than misfortunes.
Next Friday
You know it gurll
says, "Stay in the conversation" RT "Social media is about the conversation" ~
Our partner is on stage discussing the challenges of a hyperconnected world.
A Better Life really is a great movie. See it.
haha.. actual pitch: "it's 'Rocky' but it's a rapper" .. which is exact pitch made for 34 other themed films
ORIOLES MAGIC......FEEL IT HAPPEN!!!
A nice shot of in his gloves...he has to be happy with how they feel in the rain
Men arent attracted to insecurity..a woman wont have to "steal him" ...your insecurity will "give him to her" ...
how can be so low? All supporters should follow him.
i will soon be adding floor mats to my diet!
Still proud and love my Hogs!!
Looks like a staycation instead of a vacation
Congrats to on #winning the "staff tweet of the day" from and I are super jealous.
Oh, actually, I don't think I can! But I will check the #csmt12 and follow-up. Tell students to feel free to @ me.
you should come over today im soo bord :(
REFILL SATURDAY: PRE MOTHERS DAY CELEBRATION*MARIOS* DIS SAT** FIRST 20 LADIES GET IN FREE & FREE DRINK COURTESY OF &
I thought i could trust you. I guess not.
Keep visiting www.youtube.com/watchdwight
Yeah sure
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 24
follow back please?
Reports of a short firefight on Lechmere’ s point and the Continental troops are pushing British troops back toward their boats.
But, people don't even know these discrepancies exist sometimes.
:D I HUGGED THE OFFICIAL BIOS SHIRT!! :3
Marlee's running for sweetheart, not you
it's hilarious
I need to sober up first... But I'm down.
Makes sense. But I don't like it! ;)
Stanford has completely feel apart!! Wow
aw, poor guys already have to rely on public transportation!
let me see that pic
hahaha. shush guys. I am okay with too through fucking too. haha (;
Soul Train is important as a cultural time stamp for music,fashion, politics, sports and all things soulful and popular.
Wasn't Dawn a two-person gig? Hm...
An #following quote of the day: "Some people dream of success while others wake up and work hard at it!". So true, please RT
Funny, first thing I did when I got an iPhone was search for MSU
RT : Social first really means reader first. #nicar12”
I love you guys!!
My cowboys....NO DEFENSE!!!! new cornerbacks please apply
when is it going to be 5?
Night y'all i'm going to try to get some sleep
I AM FREAKING OUT !!!!! MY IDOLS AREE IN MY STATE!
I'd used Edge on an iPhone over anything else.
yeah true!
if your looking for somewhere cheap and close to southside look at southcrest!!
The invite season is just getting started! Never fear!
yeeeeaaaah! what time does your flight leave NC?!
High Point Beach Music Fest tonight on Main Street. Come out and shag on over to the Grove tent!
New Years Eve is just around the corner now's the time send us your request for NEW YEARS EVE COME PARTY VEGAS STYLE 8 HOTELS TO CHOOSE FROM
My mentions won't work........
UT Dallas We will give away a pair Beats by Dre Tour earbuds. a $149.99 value, if we hit 175 Likes by Friday 6/24!
congrats guys on moving on to rd 2.
“: #LibraHumor can range from silly and ridiculous to dry & sarcastic.”
...and to all a good night.
okay, sounds great!! 😊
Hate this but so true RT : Tim duncan might be the best power forward of all time!
hopefully, we'll be celebrating with city-wide deals! cc:
I think it's awesome that when I entered gibberish into "I Write Like," it came back with "James Joyce."
Do you have the GUTS to change?
Officially going up to west point with my brother March 30th for a huhe paintball game.
As long as I got my BANANA PUDDING,.im happy!!
“: Sure bud.. Why a "maybe"? I could use a cheering up, from the recent event.. :-(” haha lol ok I will!! Send me
Gotta stay positive about shit
To thine own self be true
argument for BCS looks good when LSU-Oregon feels like a playoff game in wk. 1. Most important reg. Season in sports.
Just call me the black Justin bieber
Will Insurance Cover the Full Duration of Treatment? | Drug ...
Need to get my followers up
And the Sox storm right back. Corpas a shadow of his '07 self right now. 9-8 Sox, top 7 still
Andy, great hanging out with you too at Big Omaha! Let me know if you make it out to Seattle!
Pantry CFO Mark Bierley Steps Down - Quick Facts
How long are you in town for? We'll be in the kitchen tomorrow. We could work something out!
what show were you on?
I'm playing tomorrow! 7:30-10:30 at Mozarts, on lake austin blvd. Come say hi if you can make it! Ikl be taking breaks so I can chat :)
This guy is repping Jewish real hard right now
Haha! I don't think luck was much involved in either situation
Tons of politicians and #2012 Presidential candidates in #DC this weekend for the 2011 Values Voter Summit
hahahaha. :P. im bored too
Happy Mothers Day too :)
Psyched to learn me some PHP and MySQL from at
Strasburg done after 94 pitches. Gave up four hits, no runs through 6. Season ERA: 1.09.
We will take an even $4 down here in SD. I have seen it over $5 in SoCal.
thats his baby
me too (except I'm going with my man rather than wife) ...very excited to see it.
Just don't sweep me this week, ok?
cant #BELIEVE its been 5 years! #NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!! #AMAZING! 3
Yo Tammy is a bully! Smh wow poor Keisha was surred to death
I might take my earring out soon
Oh no- I'll be out of town! Good luck with the event!
Harvard should give him a refund.....
All I wanted was some sun not a heat wave.
Did you have a great breakfast?
Thanks for spreading the word! I dare anyone to watch the trailer and stay indifferent - Watch
The odds of one of Berkman/Beltran getting hurt are high. 2B every once and awhile. Rotate offdays. J.Jay is hurt.
What a nice surprise! :)
Alright, well, I'm officially finished with doing things that I think other people would want me to do.
The brewers are a mess!! Going to bed. This is crap!
BX all day RT : I'm from The Bronx, New York City.. Where are YOU from?^
Time to hit the sack nite twitter ppl !!!!!
Yes one of my family members we call Cracker. He even has a shirt with a big Zesta on it. Kids call him Uncle Cracker.
#SXSW #cnnsxsw so wish i was going too. #darnbrokenleg!!
the line I got on you ain't workin
No...it [obviously] allowed Spoles to spin around and avoid the big hit. Duh!
The more you look like a homeless person, the more likely you are to get your Starbucks refill for free.
Worked on my short film, Rain Dance, this week. Love Sound Track Pro and what it can do to enhance quality. The fine edit is done. Yeah.
TT how are you? What's happening in the Nati?
I'm fully ready for the 2012 Oakland A's to shock the world, Mr. Suzuki. You the man.
What a great Sharepoint SIG last night. Thank you Jason
Nice win for the #Brewers. Gonzo play&#39;s D
seriously though?
SHOUT OUT AND FOLLOW ME? <3 c:
when can I get my sunglasses?? Trade you for my Glo shades.
Thanks for following us !
This is awesome! RT : We have news! Announcing our Ambassadors:
Wow can't even ask a question?
Relaxing nt, catching up w sis ... Couple of cocktails on patio
Thanks for the great post. It was a needed read for me today. :)
so bored and too much on my mind
I guess its cool at idiots expense. ;-)
That's horrible! I hope nothing happens to the one near John and D'Anne. I would be so sad.
A substitute for Sauterne cooking wine
bitch im me -so who da fuck is you
I can't believe someone would invest in anything Miller attaches his name to after THE SPIRIT.
lol I look forward to it
I know we have entered everyone and their mom's contests.
Go Bulls! Miami feel our wrath.
I love awkwardly "chicken-heading" around to see how many people I can make look in the same direction as me.
Slightly more than halfway through Freedom! Finally. I love it but my next book will have to be a quick read.
I love eating lucky charms and saving all the marshmellows for last :')
Penalty called on Paul Emerick. Japan setting up for a kick.
Can't wait for the game Sunday...Go Boys!
Sometimes I look at my friends and think to myself, "Where did I meet these crazy people?" But then I think "What would I do without them?"
Thanks! We were mighty proud of that one!
I missed your message earlier... But good luck on funding for season 2 :)
RT : A/B testing is like dusting after the bomb is dropped. Going on like nothing has changed. But everythings changed.
Looking for a designated broker in MD. Must have completed National Safe Exam. Current MD LO License preferred. Message me for more info
Its friday! Yay! (:
LOVE it! So fun!! xxoo
assuming the worst of everyone: the surest way to improve relationships.
Wait until a Razorback steals his twitter name.
I need to stop feeling sorry for myself.
It hasn't hit me yet, in 1 week I would be moving out of UG and tally. Damn I remember when I first move in palmetto north.
Ah food coma
#ColdKickinItLive “: Romney supporters at SC HQ, putting on a happy face, just did The Wave. Governor expected momentarily.”
screw her
Stick with it--- you can do it! :) #HCG #weightloss RT This hcg/low calorie diet thing will be the death of me.
Political Subversities needs a Stage Manager! Are you or anyone you know in NYC interested? Email
Let me hear all about it! Wanted to go, but conflict with #gardenclubsofvirginia Symposium
Wonders if a Spoboddie would taste better than a Schlabst. can you answer this for me? This inquiring mind wants to know.
I think yhu think I dnt really love yhu like I say I do....
My only tracked person on tumblr I actually still look at is
Boy,if you think you're hot,think again.
LOST: Three minds, belonging to boys ages 11, 8, and 5. If found, please soothe and return with alcohol of choice for parents. Reward.
you're welcome :D
Well let's see. I just had to run and negotiate with some cops. I'm done.
RT come back to El PASO,TX. We miss you :D ": Don't get me wrong, I love that I get to play for big crowds but I gotta start
True that. Damn shady people keeping me from making on-the-fly rummage sale collections development possible.
#SomeWomenCantStand other women!! I dont like girl they talk to much shxt!!!
#sometimesyouhaveto watch the one you love walk away
Trying to grab some sleep.
Looks nice!
#DeltaDelta is killin this Mercer step show
RT #Job opp: #Business Development Director at #BtoB Magazine - Greater NYC Area #jobs >opp for my local media friends...
Starting up Clue for movie night. Four Rooms to follow. Come have a drink and watch a good movie.
Happy belated moms day, grandma! sorry, we were on a shoot and didn't have good internet! love you! <3
Katz: Don't kid yourself. The impact of the recession may be cyclical - but structural changes are real
Yeah I have everything packed.
i thought #iamandrewbreitbart was the easiest way to identify an idiot. turns out it's
If Your Gonna Smoke A Pack Of Cigarets A Day, You Mise Well Drink Alcohol Too, Destroy The Baby's Liver while u At It
and I'll break out my Tie dye bell bottoms!
These hair growth pattern changes result in thinner, weaker, smaller, hairs for the new growth cycle.
I have a feeling W8 will never be great on W7 hardware. I don't have plans to update my desktop rig when 8 drops.
ah, one of those small, but big in flavor burgers. We call those burger joints White Castle's here ; )
Sure, will send you a summary. Includes mini-precinct, processing center ribbon cuttings in Apr.
The Captain
My boyfriend is dead
Good to hear 'Nathan' can still come out and play with the kids....
RTRTRTRT“: Boys are stupid.”
I wanna see at the videoshoot, look for them
how can i get on freestyle friday and you should check my music out
The backgrounds in this Taralskdfskdfljsdl song. I just can't. I JUST CAN'T.
mom&#39;s chiropractor?
I'm really digging Tibalt, not too sure if its just the art or not... I think he will see a decent amount of play.
And that's a wrap. Bummed it only took 4 hours and 15 mins. What to do with the rest of the day?!?
Hope to see you all out for todays Spooktacular event!
I just found your app and I LOVE it! I've searched and searched for something this simple and perfect. Great job!
Hotter than Africa in my room
RT : Global rate of new infections & deaths are declining. Make no mistake. We are going to win this fight. But it's not...
"Im not shur if it matters But I got poled over for speeding"-application response to "have you ever been convicted of a crime"
is finally doing what she loves !! Volunteering at the !! Congrats baby love you!!!
What...is...happening in this game?!?!
I'm holla at tryna get whole #TRINALANA to cum out to the #DUDLEYBOYZ VIDEO SHOOT WIT
thinking good thoughts...
Having someone there to comfort you when you really need it >>>
Don't forget this Halloween weekend that all the ghosts go, "BOOze!"
Went to home depot for a toilet seat an I bought a new toilet. WTF
Please follow me!
I was just hoping you would both let me set up your gear!
Sumtimes we focus so much on what happens after we die that we forget how to
agreed! I just finished Mockingjay, so sad it's over but it was really good!
Come to Gumers to customize the perfect wedding bands! RT : 'tis the season for engagement sessions! check out these two...
Please can you follow me??? I just followed you!!!!!!!
Come support PDX's independent filmmakers Nick Wells. 'Metal Messiah' starts tomorrow & the protagonist's name is Sage Negadeth. 'Nuff said?
CSR in Lonestar, TX starts today! We are looking forward to hanging and worshipping with all the students there!
You know you had a good time when you can't tell your parents what you did :P
Oh really? We might have to check that out. Maybe see you there!
From AP: Obama is in Afghanistan on unannounced trip to sign agreement on America's role there post-war.
"Planning before work protects you from regret." - Arabic inscription on an earthenware bowl from Iran (c.10th cent)
Our offices close at noon today for Good Friday. Hope you guys have a super weekend!
who would you want from this game on the wizards next year
****straight up sexy g.
you got it now share the love :)
oh nice to know
Where & how can Asian consumers living in the U.S. find & purchase whitening products?
u come over to my house yo sabrina ameria rayana janie the other katerra dymand and some other girl i dont know came 2 my crib
lemon tree is a bomb track I remembered when it dropped a few years ago :) still a dance floor killer
I like the fact that you got jealous when I hugged another guy. Shows that you do care about me :)
Come join us for a Cinco de Mayo extravaganza May4th-6th in Old Town full of yummy food, fun activities & plenty of shopping!...
In HighSchool You Was The Man Homie !
Stretch is in the audience tonight! So excited to actually sit and watch the show tonight!
Why would a movie theater show ads for TV shows?
I’m alone. I just made a weird face for no reason because I thought it would amuse me. Now I feel more alone. I’m kind of disgusted with me.
yeah I know. Wahh. But i will prob come to your house sunday! If thats the plan!
I'm going to call you repeatedly to make sure you don't sleep :)
Can't wait to see you in This American Life Live next month.
“: I love with the biggest passion😊” aw!
I was until that field goal :-)
Stand your ground ... &walk in the light. Strengthened from food for my soul.
Be in peace, stay in peace, keep in peace -
hahaha what did they say?
my dad, 61 y.o. high school biology teacher & former luddite, is taking a class today on using the iPad in classroom!
The website is still being designed. However, check out www.operationsoundoff.com to see a glimpse of what we're about on our intro video!!!
My dude said #plaque is whack..!!!
Wow. Dismantling.
I agree!! #motivation ": JLo's body is the reason why I exercise 5hrs a day. I want to look like that. #IFBRedcarpet #Oscars"
I'm full; chinese is so damn good.
I REALLY want a donut.
It probably doesn't help that they live in boonies where a lot of older docs still seem happy to prescribe away!
GO TRIBE!!!
RT New Killola EP coming this June called, "NO CLASS" UK tour in June! Lisa working on a new movie in July! Big summer. Huge.
WOW! Thank you for following us at
UC Bearcats take the first game!
Repubs: cut teachers and firemen; lower taxes for the Romneys; ditch seniors' programs; war w/ women; bully gays; claim to prioritize jobs.
Great weekend and now I have a long week of work ahead of me
way to sweeten the deal! I'll make you go to a game. Hope you like tailgating.
Getting some inspiration from Norma Rae! Awesome movie night at #StationFast!
even with Tress at the helm it's tough to root for the Colts. I wish the best for him.
Thank You Bess for the interview! I can't wait to see it! Let's keep in touch.
my thoughts exactly.
And the pitching inconsistency continues
YES NYC!!! Get those tickets gurrrrl
Uploaded 3 New Beats For Sale On Myspace Send An Offer
ME, who felt like no one cared about or understood her .. like no one ever COULD because of who and how i am
Rucker & Williams are former draft picks of the Browns. Never panned out.
Thats because it's all about that Orange Chicken!!
When random people tag me in twitpics <<<
Took me about 2 hours to transfer and upload pics to
should be!!! The sun is starting to shine!!!
my bad
I love adam levine
More seriously, after being awestruck by the "Lacrimosa" in Tree of Life's cosmological sequence this past summer,
900 words left to go on this stupid 1,000 word essay project ... YEE-__-
I could care less what my mom says anymore.
Feel like getting hood today.
good luck tonight! sorry I can't be there!
EVERTHING MUST GO !!! HUGE MOVE SALE !!!
we knew it! We're a little psychic :-)
Letting things happen.. really blows up in your face
follow back??
cool. Also, well done going to sweetwater during your first week in town!
well thats cool! hope u have a great day! would love if u would follow me , but if u dont i understand! :)
when sent me those I told her Jammie dodger sounded like a swear/insult "Stick it up your Jammie dodger!"
I actually really like bridge 19's version of "somebody that I used to know"
Ash never uses Pikachu in the tournaments ....but on the games it was always the strongest....WHY
oh will you! Well amen! Text coming now! Ha!
well now im in school for my ap art studio test thing. but i will when i get home honey bunches
Just make sure you are not standing in front of the Muni at the same time. Probably not the change of perspective you need.
RIP Carroll Shelby. You were a great man with a great mind. An inspiration. You will be missed.
Thank you so much Allison!
Very excited about getting our first blo at Mary Brickell Village! Thanks ladies!
Gonna try positive
eh dont feel bad. i last like an hour and a half in the shower
Haven't tuned in yet, but love it.
Very true. RT : Issue is: some tech - though very cool - was created BEFORE society decided it needed it.
In the studio
Y'all know what I mean by Whiskey Tango Foxtrot? ;)
LIfe is what you make it, ok must remind myself everyday!!!
RT I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it-Truman
Life gives answer in 3 ways. It says Yes & gives u what u want, it says no and gives u something better, it says wait and gives u the Best!
Dude, like, are you gonna tweet anything?????
still no winner? Getting ready for our 10...
People who compare Wall Street investing to poker playing are wrong: poker is a game of luck & skill. Wall St. is just gambling.
Mother's day lunch with mom and grandma :)
I long to alleviate the evil, but I cannot, And I too suffer
Im free at last :P yay
Men are like bank accounts. Without a lot of money they don't generate a lot of interest.
An exclusive interview with the Sexual Disaster Quartet, live at The Comet in Northside -- thejazzhalf.com/podcasts/sdqinterview.mp3
Friend got stranded at a bar in LA. He lives in OC. Calls me for help. #Thatawkwardmoment I text friends at 2am to get him a ride home. :/
you love me!
Having the #GameofThrones theme song stuck in your head on a Tuesday and knowing it will stay till Sunday is awful.
Thanks for the mention Spaceman. Wishing you continued success with this video and all your future work.
you type to slow
Need to get to the studio like. . . . NOW
I'm DVR the show at home and then watch it also at work! Double ratings!
As long as foods involved, I'm fine w/ whatever :)
I need more examples, syllabi for incorporating #dh into grad courses. suggests grant writing.
You're my moon, my stars, my galaxy...lol.
I know! I was just listening to it!! :-) I love Maroon 5
ya know what its called when a chick shows up drunk and climbs the fence at Tommy Lee's house ?? Tuesday
it was a killer day!
bacon this week?
Homemade Chinese turkey meatballs with fresh ginger, bok choy & yum sauce. With beer. & cookies
you are a fountain of information
people 4get how fast u did a job- but they remember how well u did it (howard w newton_ take ur time, make a plan, underpromise & OVER deliv
Very excited about 2nite! will have us rocking 2nite
I wanna love somebody, love somebody like you <3 that song was just on, made me think of you :)
We are growing our client's business by cold calling, prospecting and lead generation. Check out our website at www.yoursalesleads.com.
"Start by doing what's necessary, then what's possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible." -- Francis of Assisi, clergyman
ugh , i thought i was but i'm not </3 i hate having this feeling .
Hope you are having an awesome time!! Stick with the wine over there. Mojitos when u get back
Knock it off.
OMG! I'm so sorry best friend! I had food poisoning a few weeks ago. First time too! It was horrible! How have you been? ILY!
I'm on YouTube. I have 36 views. 35 are my own. Who could be the other?
Smh lol RT Craig has on a suit made out of Mike Brown's suit lining. lol
Happy opening day Brewers fans! Don't forget that you can get Louie's and Booyah at the craft beer kiosks and Hop Happy inside Fridays!
Aww, thank you so much! I just can't wait & it's ONLY 2 weeks away that I leave!! :-)
no fuck you
any team other than the 13x World Champion Green Bay Packers still suck!
Thank U !!
Reading 's Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks; what a page turner! #Baltimore lore & sites throughout
well baxter can get into the fridge to eat the whole wheel of cheese
sleepy time, goodnight. (: x
Knocking off bunch of little to-do items involving SFX, our link resolver. Feels good to say sayonara to some of those jobs.
Darth vader just called me a deuchebag on the Hollywood walk of fame!! Lol
then get me Gingerbread for my Droid X
World News America on PBS tonight: #Mladic faces justice. Brain controls robot arms, NYC's other election & Beijing's #Olympics legacy
its SEERSUCKER the hell would you do that to it for?
Totally agree!
Happy Derby Day! The usual, our annual party at Fizz in Chicago! You? Watching on TV?
not so sure Abby will appreciate the mention given the context.
Desperately craving a chocolate chipwich.
I do not believe that is the case
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
reorganizing my life... currently dealing with the piles of CDs and re-realizing, CDs are awesome..!!!
or remix?our latest mixtape link is on my profile please check us out...I look forward to hearing from u and working with u
Yay! Thank you!!
looks like the Bears and Lions signed just about every free agent available today. hope the Hawks aren't really signing Brandon Marshall...
FLOTUS = First Lady Of The United States that sounds sexy ok 15 to get in work mode
Hope I can visit the exhibits. I can take crap home this time for a change. Look out vendors!! I want swag.
RT - you hear about the guy who stole a miami dolphins jersey, then wore the jersey to court and said "this shows i ...
A majority of the House Republicans ran on the basis that government doesn’t work. And now that theyre elected theyre determined to prove it
if people were to make fun of u then u do have beauty and their just jealous
Canons are awesome.
gauze, I hope im one of the first 12
If edges out in #Ohio, does it declare that there's no consensus on Romney and spell trouble for him in Nov?
Thank you Marc Cherry and the cast of #desperatehousewives for 8 wonderful seasons :) I will miss this show...
: "Pinky promises mean the world to me."
When I eat fruit snacks, If I get a yellow one, well, I THROW IT ACROSS THE ROOM. die yellow ones die.
This ad for personal injury attorneys looks oddly like something that would be on a TV in the background of Total Recall.
Their is an introvert - extrovert spectrum. Teachers need to know where students fall and act accordingly.
Bout' to go out to eat w/ the moms. . . I gotta feeling we meeting somebody but oh well. . But I miss my baee. <3 TML
Good morning, Jay!
When the devil tells you you're a failure when he says you'll never amount to anything put him in his place, then dare to follow your dream!
record collecting for girls by courtney e. smith. It's hilarious haha
its spanish! Google translate it :p ~Devin.Anne<3
Ladyscissors, Wendy Schneider, and I will play at The Frequency May 28. Exciting!
Congrats on the new project! Looks like a great venue! Enjoy.
& i fall into their trap everytime. hahahaha
Where can we get some good breakfast in Nashville?
Very cool! Great minds think alike and all that :D
Awesome! I Not The Only Person! Lol
Exec. Chef Shawn Smith showcased our best last night! His shaved beef w/roasted peppers and goat cheese was delish!
I haven't seen that one yet. It does look like fun.
Funky diabetic
Believe is wearing his Orange & Blue tie tonight on the #NBCnightlynews in homage to
after giving people the freedom to change their legal and physical gender identity simply because they want to
Nothing can satisfy us more than Jesus & His presence! Take a minute to acknowledge Him, be honest & take a deep breath & know He loves you!
That annoying moment when you're doing something on your phone/iPod and someone decides to call and fuck it all up. Lmao xD <<
: " #Music opens the secret of life bringing peace, abolishing strife." Kahlil Gibran #jazz"
Did u know a true leader is one who was first willing to follow? U must learn to follow before u can actually lead!
students can also create and share during the day and get content at night
Had a great day with the bf yesterday (:
congrats! :-) Bet it feels amazing. Sadly, I'll be stuck with contacts for the rest of my life - meh. Could be worse! :-)
I madly leap from 100 tweets to 101.
Hey, "gone too soon" is powerful! Awesome stuff, man. Really speaks to us
I am distressed that an uncommonly strong bond of patient Dr. trust should be broken. new contact information please private message me.
The once ambitious one now holds the smoking gunn
welcome to twitter kid!
When Mel comes over >>>>>
i know you may have wanted to read it, but think of how embarrassed she would have been. gotta respect her for her decision. x
"and I keep hittin' re-tweet-tweet-tweet-tweet-tweet"
For sure. After I get feed back from my prof I'll look into publishing or blogging. I'll let you know!
We'll get it done! See you soon!
ur latest youtube is hilarious lolololol!!!
players feel "betrayed"? Have you read their twitter feeds? Overwhelmingly positive. Does fact checking no longer apply?
thank you! We're doing safe and sound this week. :)
lol I hope that's a spray tan tho
Just treat me like every other guy does. It's cool I guess. Not like I thought you'd be different or anything....
Beer and homework
RT Well aren't those just darn fantastic! Say, people could use them to get to the this weekend for Art Fair!
no problem, it was fun =) and we are haha XD and aww thank u! <33
The Holy Spirit is Flowing thru Unity LI as a spiritual revival bringing light, peace, healing and prosperity to all whose lives it touches.
People need to grow up and start acting there age life is to short to just throw it all away god gave you life for a reason...
I wish it was socially acceptable for me to show people the texts going betwen and me right now.
Just bought a new mic stand, cable, picks, and speaker.
We'll say its crimson, right? “: Awww! Too cute! I'll forgive you for the red...lol”
Pens v rangers at 7. $2 miller lite bottles during game
Hi Grandma I Like 2 Say Happy Birthday N I Love U So Much We Will Meet Again K Love U
is there any more room for me in those jeans girl?
Why do our toes make us giggle inside, when we look down and wiggle them? I don't think there is anyone in this world who won't agree w/this
“: If godfather is reason 3, can't wait to see the top 2! Been too long, crew, pumped for tomorrow!”
Correctly guess the score of tonight's Monday Night Football game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots for a free...
Man you are harder to get a hold of than president Obama
Just saw #thinklikeaman GREAT MOVIE Tons of laughs!! Pleasantly surprised!!
BIG WORM BIG HOLE....I DONT GIVE A DAM!! llab
me and can't stop listenen to "They Call Me", mad respect for you and Bei Maejor, ride to it everyday
I don't even understand why it's a thing. Ridiculous.
Alex forgot my birthday 👏 I want chocolate strawberries 💩
they make Portland look bad!
Hehehe, for her sake, let's hope so. ;)
#BlackParentsQoutes "I brought you into this world and I WILL take you out!"
What did people do before we had soap?... I bet they used a lot more disposable dinnerware back then.
! Bout time ! Lmao an u aint no good
U need a side gig as a horrorfilm blogger!; Innkpr/KillList for sure. 'Martha Marcy...' was fave 'horror' of the season. U like?
I plan on marrying someday. #Smart&Sexy
We are not one and the same
I loev Alka-Seltzer cold.. holy shit saving my life the last two days ..or am I just delusional ...oh farts
u educate a girl in Africa: she’ll be 3X less likely to get HIV, earn 25% more income & have a smaller, healthier family
also, that's a great pickup line. "[Damn, baby.] You have a fro [down there]? I want to touch and stick [my] pick in it!"
happy mothers day to u
I'm almost use to been lied to but I want accept them
yeah I was actually thinking of ur living room but master bedroom would be more private. U have space :)
sweet deal! Steve's from Suffolk, me & Chris (the bassist) have been in this band since 2007 and been friends since like age 12
I hope you guys have a great day. Love ya. <3
what did u use to unfollow all of those people?
have a nice day Ariana! :] love you :*
Government periods 2 and 4 have finals tomorrow. Be on time!
make me happy &
think it's called being "hysterical" haha #doublemeaning #theendisnear!
love the channel, keep the tunes coming!
This just in.. Jim Joyce is umping 1st... Yikes
Wow my mom is buying me McDonald at 10:30 at night
I'm sorry! Very similar
it has been a fantastic experience - thanks for joining in the #xeroxdrupa conversations
If. You. Can. Read. This. RT. This
that is ur jeep?
nice base running Jeter
New poll active on STG: Which team drafts Kuechly on Thursday? All are invited to vote
seriously thinking about it, but I don't think it'd get a big enough following to make it worth doing
cause the good Lord blessed ya ..
She bought me a bracelet..awl
love you Twin!!!
If Goldman Sachs' clients continue to pay it money and get fleeced, then they are stupider than muppets.
Blurry Pics Lie 👎
all kiNds of shit
Seeing your reckless pass and being so happy of how far you come and what you have now.
Mad Men
my room is always open
what about #Cisco?
May 2 is a day that changed #Mpls history! I'll be live at the site of the Washburn Mill explosion at 6 to show how 1878 still affects 2012.
I'm at Met Opera seeing Faust and they had to stop the show. An actress fell down stairs, I think.
What's your thoughts on SOPA?
do u have cavities
And a couple funny ones...
Hm. I dunno, Chuck Palahnuik seems to get away with it. Being totally fucked in the head I mean.
Very upset about the salmonella outbreak in tuna in 20 states. I really like sushi and I guess I have to take a brief hiatus. :(
lmao show her what happens when you wake christy up from her beauty sleep .. (;
Cisse just scored the goal of the season... WHAT a strike. Newcastle's first league win at Stamford Bridge since 1986. Wow.
was that your first album?!
Great concert by
Did you two reserve your Hawken name yet?
My lip and my ears hurt so bad. But that's what I get for getting 4 holes in my head within' like 10 minutes. Hopefully sleep will help! x3
Never lose hope on rookies who are hungry. They will beat you because they want it more.
#bandsilove Linkin Park. Their old stuff that is!
Are those same birds from "Over the Atlas"
Yay ! My new mattress has arrived ! (:
c/mon we should all go. You gals and Henry can take pics of us!
Example of when you need to breathalyze before you tweet after 10pm... RT : I'm the fuckin man, y'all don't get it do ya?
Someone text me!! I'm so bored!
The folks from are completely revamping my house. Wow. Wow. Amazing people.
Thanks! Do you play any sports?:)
When you live in your parents basement aren't you allowed to say whatever you want?
Friend, there is a reason the 10th amendment is #10. Recommended reading: Article I, section 8 and the Civil War amendments.
Wheres the lady for me the lady of my dreams.
hi. my name is Raquel (:
My sleeping habits have been really messed up lately.
love that I can watch you guys streaming live from coachella!
It's cold
Checkin' out the new Lone Tree Brewing Company. A new brewery 5 minutes from my house? Yes please. First up: Hop Tree Double IPA.
Personally I really enjoyed 's book.
going to vote but having more trouble deciding what's for dinner
Oops, just recommended Jason Wu to someone. Hope they aren't out of everything.
We have corporate officials coming to check our human resources department on Monday so today was a lot of cleaning and organizing.
Ok one more day of the "beach gloom" - yeah, we'll have morning clouds over the weekend but the afternoons should be sunny & warmer - enjoy!
I love that I can sit in DH-focused sessions all morning at #dlfforum. I don't think that has always been the case, no?
then the screen shattered and she spent 3.5 hours with a tech who couldn't transfer her data to a loaner phone. Frustrated...
my pleasure! Have a great day!
Full as ever...work in a bit.
two words Butt Lift !
Perhaps, though if I recall that was my major in both undergrad and grad. Maybe it's a specific type of bull?
do you like v-neck or normal shirts?
I am so ready for a beach, a hammock and a supply of beer. Lots of beer. More please. moprh leash. awlawlmf pwl.a
"I'm pretty sure for football, you need two teams," "No teams!"
Cheers for recommending me to Alex. Have you been out on the bike recently?
I will be there.
no problem. Good luck!
I know right?!
the new vid
grilled cheese and spaghetti o's. oh, i'm living life on the edge today.
I didn't hear you say hi back! 😥
To quote my wife, "This is Wisconsin, can't we get a recall of these #MegaMillions numbers?"
My #ASJA2012 #health & #beauty writing panel moved 2 Friday 4/27 at 10:15 Mark your calendars; panelists R editors from top women's mags!
Glad you are coming out to MA area & would love to catch up; hope all is rock & rolling with your writing & life; happy #WW !
Nice site and idea. Good luck, guys. We make training mgmt programs & content for paper industry, so keep us in mind. :)
haven't seen that face in weeks =[
is giving away 12 spots for the Seattle Sounders Ticket Holder Celebration. If you are interested please call us at 206-281-7060
YES CRAZY MANAGING FOR THE WIN
I know and e knows u love him
cruising down 880.
I hate how people fall for celebs & other terms like that and when they end up dating or liking someone everyones heart gets broken and (c)
Spring Break for VB Schools is April 9-13. Schedule your child's cleaning appointment now and avoid missing class! 757-486-4880.
not yet but we will let you know
Good Morning twitlings!
Man what a great day!
But you are such a conformist.... Weird.
Thanks for following! Have an amazing 2012!!!
Also, can we hang out and be temporary best friends, ?
I had a pen pal in Portugal when i was ten, i always wonder what happened with her.
Until very recently, scientists did not know what caused brain freezes. Wow.
Guys we tell Lies.Women dress up as them. *SheWearsBootyPopPanties* WTF
Checking out and thanks to ! you might find them interesting...
Any of my UK friends want VIP tickets to the London Online Information conference? Let me know and you're in.
- Thanks for the Shout Out!
I don't either. Say it ain't so!
lmao. . Damnn dude a bitch need some breakfast lol hurry tht.ass up ! !
so do me a favor. GET OVER IT!!
RT : #rockies let it bee!
That warms my heart! Glad you got in touch, we couldnt do it w/out amazing mentors like you. Are you following ?
does that mean we won't have bad dreams? :-)
#csa12 Gopinath: Queer diaspora studies contests hetero-patriarchal normings of the nation-state, but assumes logics of settler-colonialism
How long did it take him to say that?
ass hole
don't do that! You know the #Spurs and the #Celtics would make for a food series. They both a GREAT teams.
Court hearing to be Wednesday on request to hold Gov. Scott Walker recall primary election May 15, general election June 12
Good afternoon everyone! It's Thursday, still gotta keep it moving, the weekend is almost here, what healthy actions r u takn 2day?
We need a male child, age 5-10 for an important part in our upcoming film. Contact us if you can help! www.birthday-massacre.com/contact.php
You guys ok from Irene?
One of the funniest weekends I had in a while !! 😃💗
I applaud your effort. Work was legit, dealt all the games on day one.
life is crazy right?
great win today! You guys did packer nation proud!
What will you do tonight after dinner is made and kids/pets are happy? Make yourself warm & happy with some healthy tea!...
It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving. - Mother Teresa
Drinks tonight to celebrate the day of my birth! Who's joining me??
Thoughts and prayers go out to comedian Patrice O'Neal + his family. Get well soon.
use the tub.
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 20
I love u merry Christmas best friend!!!
I miss him. #CloseButFar /: And tonight is worse, because it's bonfire weather.
Best of luck to you.
Don't forget to book your fall festival and watch your kids enjoy a bounce house www.bountifulbouncing.com.
Love all your quotes Lori!
My x wanna work I told her try yoga
omg that was soo long ago
is it one of those fancy kitchenaide ones? or a Betty Crocker? j/k
Next time I'll get you a pint, and some grilled, spicy meats to pair with.
9/13 of my picks made it through :)
only if you're ADHD/bipolar
Cant wait for next weekend hope scores again
Haha! Toys strapped to the roof of the SUV too?
RT : This is a major reform. This is what change looks like.
Washing my mirror today, I couldnt stop looking at my skin. Keeps getting better! I love
2nd Friday in 2.5 months in which I have NOT headed to the airport
Be my Valentine? <3 :)
what are those orange chunks with your shells and cheese? ;)
Hahaha! Yes, fitness and bacon go together like, um, er, well ... ;)
Heehee ! RT I'd be gay only if it was ok with Kirk Cameron.
RT : Daily reminder: make at least one person happy today.
When my dog gets scared during storms and snuggles up with me >> 🐶
nice one 
He fell kinda awkwardly on his hand earlier. I guess he's ok but I was nervous 'cause he was shaking it off a lot.
Site Build It! is designed around a simple formula, which they refer to as CTPM
can you please email your donation request to ? Thanks! ~Lisa
THANK YOU EVERYONE WHO SUBSCRIBED TO YOUTUBE CHANNEL ENJOY THE VIDEOS! WWW.YOUTUBE.COM/JACKIEDAMODEL
Q4) Participate actively when given the opportunity to learn with others
Yes. My email is
Basic people make me want to vomit.
Good Morning an Happy #Monday!
Especially if we get to go outside and play :)
live in the mix on Power 98.3!! stream live @ power983fm.com
lets all agree the #Facebook IPO should be set to $200 Billion, quite a reasonable figure, & just gave Eduardo $100B
Stopped and got some Trojans cuz I'd rather spend 450 on Jordan's and not abortions
"Seems, madam!" nay, it is; I know not 'seems.'"
don't be too disappointed :)
In the booth putting in work with Geeky. Catch me at the 500 on Monday nights! Make Money, Make Moves, or Make Way. - Telle
she will succeed & di well! There will be some small flub that will be forgotten quickly than she will rise greatly in her position
“: when the world outsides collapsing we feel like relaxing” how'd you know I was on my couch?
ohh I am so jealous of your marathon Lost watching!
massage is a great way to relieve headaches. Two Suns Massage has great student prices! Call 503 449 5164.
For the fans who have concerns about McCourt, the new owners have said...SEVERAL times, hes not involved & will not get any $ frm parking.
Great call tonight w/ my friend Richard- - check out his LIKE page on FB & follow him on twitter!
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. ~Mahatma Ghandi
Nobody wants to hear this, but sometimes the person you want most, is the person you're best without.
Tummy full... Nap time while watching UFO Files
I need another handle. Wonder if is taken?
Sry u busted 2day. I consider u a very dear friend of mine and apologize if my jokes went to far. Honestly, I think u play great.
If it's a fight they want, it's a fight they'll get...
guest DJ's filling in for Laura Steele today Jody Shelley and Jamie Baker of the Sharks!
what's up with the buxter comment from last night
#1yearago #Assad thought he could stop the #arabspring from coming to #Syria. He was wrong.
If we were all rich we all would be miserable because everyone would be the same Cheergirl<333
Phoenix Coyotes GM Don Maloney announced today that the Coyotes have traded the negotiating rights of G Ilya Bryzgalov to the Flyers
oh so secretive...
It's a girl! Capri is the mama and she weighs 10.5 pounds.
You made my point: current climates & constituent landscape is far more complex than most comprehend. So easy strike: condemn all
RT In past two weeks Tebows played 5 great minutes last week and about 3 good minutes today The rest has been simply dreadful
No The Worst (Its Me Not You)
Only two kinds of people should be allowed to wear berets (without irony): professional illustrators and special forces.
They need to pay as much money as necessary to get the old NBA on NBC theme song.
Juridica today posted full year results -- a 20.9% increase in NAV per share to US$2.25 and a 578% rise in profits to US$12.9 million.
#prezi it is!
you make me proud to be an American
They were delicious, we ended up frying some and doing clam chowder with the rest
Demi Lovato Signs on to Judge 'X Factor': Demi Lovato has officially signed her deal and will be a judge on the next season of "The X...
is this u michael?
hey all
Hello! Welcoming 3 new follows..
you are coming to Wichita falls Texas feb 11. Would live to meet you in person. Lunch?
It's a beautiful day in the C.O.
I have made a ceaseless effort not to ridicule, not to bewail, not to scorn human actions, but to understand. -Baruch Spinoza
Awesome picture
RT : You're welcome! Have a great rest of the week! /TYVM!
Hey everyone, you can now get vegan slices at the Bay View and North Ave spots!!!! Woo!
If I got paid for being lazy, I'd be a billionaire.
#brewers game on tonight at my favorite hole in the wall bar. 2 dollar miller lites all night... be there or be square. albeneses bar
Yes sir :) that's why I'm still debating about it
You guys slow dancing?
good luck tomorrow! I'll see you all in a couple months!
thanks baby i i love you so much xooxoxoxox
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! Hope its a great day! :)
says Ohio couple pleads guilty to running $200,000 ticket-sales scam on
Follow/unfollow bug. Don't know who I'm following anymore. Like a stalker not invested in his target.
On the bus heading home from a great Jimmy Buffett concert. Cold and rainy but still a good time.
Human beings are perhaps never more frightening than when they are convinced beyond doubt that they are right. ~Laurens Van der Post
I didn't believe in sharts until I obliterated my boxers when I was 19. Thought you would like to know.
Won't be able to play at Freitas as is long-term. Sounds like the XL Center in Hartford is most likely option, at least to start
Dana announces progress on #USPS stamp and special cancelation stamp. Also, visit from King and Queen of #Spain in 2015.
So now snow decides to lay why can't it do it when we have school..
it sure is! we can't wait!
Crashing early tonight, got a busy day planned tomorrow.
Q4 via How does your domestic trip differ from an overseas one (aside from the location)?
Road trip with Molly's mom, Molly, & my sister ;D FUN! <3
In a town. It's right by my place and it's the only station I've gone to for awhile. Ugh. Can't wait to move outta here.
Dirty girl.. RT : 69 in Psychology... not too bad! 
Alright show time catch ya later
I confess that I turn away at gory parts of GoT.. #Can'tDoBloody
i thought more sleep was supposed to make you feel more rested?
Never a lip is curved with pain That can't be kissed into smile again. ~ Brete Harte ~
me, just finished a big catering. At home, but still in that moment. (Meaning: I can't go to sleep!)
I was faking it the whole time cause you SUCK. #trashyourextuesday <3
Anyone notice that Perry tweet while everyone was looking at Bachmann?
haha that is pretty funny
It's been brought to my attention that when people see the title of my book Jesus Is No Joke-that highly religious thoughts flood in.
Do you currently have #e-book readers (i.e. #Kindle, #Nook, etc.) at the library?
That girl crying sounds like a dying walrus el 0h el
I love that Andrew's mom just called me. Its been so long! Makes me feel loved! And she is excited that I am going to see
Sea Ray boats. From 18'-61' no one builds a better boat! And no one sells them better than us here at Lake of the Ozarks! Come see me!
Yay, thanks buddies!
Isn't that the truth. Philly media couldn't stand T.O. dropping any pass -- imagine the uproar when Tebow short-arms everyone.
Good to see they did stuff to prevent the counterfeit passes. It was really bad at West last year.
You got to be all about the 92101!!
Another good one. Tx again!
Feeling like crud today. Can't breathe. Hate that.
I'm planning on going...wondering if anyone I know is going to be there.
Good morning. Remember to smile! God bless.
I feel so safe and secure knowing that Metro's New York Ave station manager is on top of things today..
Stoked to be playing Stork Club on Thursday, Dec 1st. Shake Me!, Dreams, TRAILS AND WAYS, Steinway Junkies, Spooky Flowers. Be there!
love this! you look blissed out.
Maybe you shouldn't be driving. And the insulin is gramma's, not yours. Of course you didn't need it. :)
I love you
I will be on the Morning Blend tomorrow morning, or course talking LinkedIn. Be sure to watch or set your Tivo or VCR, should be fun....
Train smells extra "assy" this morning.
i'm a big fan with one question, will you follow me?
__________ is the first thing I'll do when I get to Hawaii.
RT Glad Republicans took their time studying Paul Ryan's plan to remake the entire health care sector.
Hey! Me too!
In the kitchen whipping up a masterpiece. I know when I finally get married my wife ain't gonna never wanna cook lol
When you're trying to avoid someone but they constantly keep texting you... Please get the hint and gimme some space.
Yeah buddy! We went hard today (:
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when you call them fat, make them pay for themselves on a date, look at other girls, dissagree with them.
wondering how well twitter and facebook will play together
awwhh! i hope it goes well :)
Summer is here when there is not alot to do but golf, work and chill!
I splash some on every morning!
alright best friend will do. N u gotta get rid of that metro
watching Back to the Future on VH1.. best thing since Pop Up Video ;)
Hey you . What's up ? How have you been ?
pook!!! how the H are you jeffjam?? how is Create WV? Methodology? and YOU??? spill the beans sir
“: Who's Excited Bout #TheIconicBoyz Being Our Special Guest On The Season Of ABDC7???” LOL YOU RUINED THE "SURPRISE"
wait... they named the 59th Street Bridge after Koch?!
DAMN GIRL. CALM DOWN. THIS IS TOO INTENSE.
I possess an oldy-timey apron that my grandmother used to wear! Love it. Had to have it!
Last week, I went to Philadelphia, but it was closed.
it has to be my favorite show, ever. She's such a sick botch and I love every second of it. I can't stand Tyler though
Decided to give "24" a shot. I'm hooked. Twelve hours in & don't want it to end but I can't wait to see every last minute.
probably had something to do with that black mark on the season called the brawl with xavier.
thanks I appreciate it
You're welcome! (:
What is your all-time favorite item to shop for?
No he didn't
you know I just set everything up.
I got the only hangover
Work can suck it
are we going tonight!?
None* not non for my last tweet
Busted my tailbone..... This shit hurts
were in the hell are you? Orch isn't the same :/
Thank you :)
because when I start getting close to 900 or 1000,people start unfollowing me and it feels terrible
as far as i'm concerned, you're just another picture to burn.
I FEEL SO SICK.
Baseball query: When players go yard, they touch their lips and hearts and point at the sky. Why not when they strike out? Or single?
safe to assume they fade out at the same rate. Safe to assume also that iTV is def Retina ;)
Haunted mansion time..
RIP Whitney Houston! It's so sad another great artist has left us all too soon. As she sang so beautifully We Will Always Love You!
Final 4 Starts at 5:00. $15 Buckets of Bud&Bud Light! Plus $12 pitchers of Miller Lite or Bud Light! Mention Tweet and Get a Free C22 Shot!
shut up be positive lmao look at all the tweets im sending the poor kid for my bestfriend 😊 hes gunna hate me ?
Dreams are free, so free your dreams
working 1/2 day today ...I preparing for my doubles match @ 6:30 today Sugarcreek tennis Club. my entourage is going with me so see ya BooYa
Won a $20 gift card to Bays at the baseball game tonight. BEST VALENTINE'S DAY EVER
It's breathtaking in person.
I was saying I've been chatting with more people through joining up again, so it's working for me at least haha
What to do when your past clashes with your future...
Hell Yeah...I was just thinkin doesnt he ever tweet about things that matter? ; ) Redeemed! GO PACK!
It's cause you're a jew bagel. c;
I sometimes open Salon articles only to close them after the first few paragraphs because of the "Read More" link - why is it necessary??
WOW! 1345 Times Thats Awesome! Sad to see Hollie Go! :( I Love Philip So Hope he win!
BED TIME. FOR REAL. GOOD FORKING NIGHT, YO.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving. ~ Albert Einstein
"Life is just a bitch, a bitch is like a hoe. Hoes want the money, money come and goes."
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 16
<--- follow? please? please? please? NOW! :)
yayayayay so excited!!!!!'
Love hearing all the great things on Twitter about both #HPMkt and #KBIS! Hope everyone can attend a trade show this year:...
arnt you that ethel person that knows my brother?
Just won tickets on the all new hot 1075 with
Lil wayne and Chris brown at the #Grammys !
I really need to get on often !
I can't find the channel for on tv 🔫 me!
Uhm... why was I not invited?
One man drowns after his boat went over the falls.
haha yes! That kid is boss!
their backpacks are twice as large as they are.
Goodnight world! Had a good time with my new friend #Eddie! Just dropped him off :):) xoxo
Yon do you know about ? If not check her out in youtube! If you do know her isnt she #Fabulous!
As a part of Beer Week, we are serving $3 pints of 's beer, in a glass that is yours to keep! Come in between 4-7 to get this deal
Colleen McCreary, CPO #ideaseconomy: commitment to talent - 20% of management time spent on talent development. Zynga First = culture
I understood. but I think can confirm, no LHN in stadium, at least. even if it was a metaphor.
Happy Friday, #Austin go check out some of the fun things this weekend!
Wanted to hit up Adam Express tonight, but the line is almost out the door. Great to see them doing well after brig closed for a few months.
Scott, would love to meet you at #ctia. Please DM me
loading up some new Metric for you round 12:15
Gave final exam tonight. When I left it was dusk and the air was filled with the scent of honeysuckle.
AMEN! This is so god damned sad...
": Lol everybody either Heat or Thunder fans smh #bandwagons" people wanna be associated with winners...
It's lovely bobbing along, bobbing along, on the bottom of the beautiful briney sea
New shit cooming to ya real soon
Austin Sarat we should nourish the oonditions under which #civility is possible
hahaha I was sleep
We like it! RT : Interested in nonprofit related issues in LA #NPLA = Nonprofit Los Angeles.
Thanks to the for a great steak roast and a fun afternoon. Nice to meet a supreme court justice.
gotcha thank you! your help is appreciated!
so yu cheating on me with these Twitter hoes lol
We tried trending for you #AustinTo700K just now. But it's a major fail. We're sorry, :'(
I feel kind of spoiled now having a washer and drawer in the apt, a gym right downstairs, and a super market across the street
Yes, and James Dolan is the 8th plague
Im genius welcome emily
This might be as good as the Cookie Monster reading. Ellen Reads '50 Shades of Grey': via
Okay! I did!
It's okay if you want to spend money on me :-)
Fire Jeff Hardy, please and push AJ Styles as the face, trust me please.
Tonight HEAVY HAND plays with and 10pm! Yes!!
omg, I'm addicted to :) HAHAHA! LOL :{)
If you saw our Pop Quiz tweet & wondered about 's bike it's a Harley-Davidson® Softail® Deluxe. See her with one in the calendar!
Dumbfounded by George Zimmerman's freedom at this point. We've been discussing the painfully obvious for too long.
Good luck! Stir the pot!
i need the email again
found you! Menil Collection today for lunch. See you there
Mailed the deposit today to Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology. Congrats Davis
now what?
I am patiently waiting for my advanced copy of new book, The Battle of the Crater. Watch for my upcoming review!
and the ambassador is riding around with the new sheriff in town.
Cocktail in hand and ready for the #mixologymashup!
S/O to all my followers, stay tuned, new material and video coming soon...
As an entrepreneur you have to wear a LOT of hats. Today I'm a graphic artist. Creating designs for my new website.
Ready for the auditions, call-backs and BOOKINGS!!
If you are in a seasonal industry and have cash shortfalls, factoring is an excellent method to raise much needed operational capital.
If the nail salon is going to put just one Halloween decoration up, why choose the gnarly monster hands holding a "Enter At Own Risk" sign?
I think you have been hacked. Got a DM from your account with a link to a password phishing site that looks like twitter.
Had to get out of the house so having a little fun at Gander Mountain with the family.
ok so ima need to know if any of that will help me with my mission lol..
Brunch tip: Love our BLT? Add an egg and make it a breakfast sando!
Excited to serve you! RT RT : Just passed the opening up on Diversey Ave. excited to try it!
schurrs good:) when u gonna come visit? Lol
Perfection is the goal and I'm heading to the pylon.
Let's go
Let's catch up!
I work Looks like a login failure with your bank. Email & we'll walk you through fixing it
Have you checked out the new look to #wisn.com? Looks great!
Just saw a commercial for tilapia at #goldencorral. As delicious as that sounds, it doesn't.
2012 whoever...whatever...whenever...wherever...
Can you follow me back? Please♥
me and love cuttin up on ...... Cut throat
Uuuuuhhhhh Tyler! Is he about to tune up in the MADEA VOICE! LOLLLOL!
This looks delightful. Thanks for the great idea!
'Making Love & Money?' Sounds a bit like hanging a red light outside your window :-)
Exercise should be regarded as tribute to the heart. Gene Tunney
because you're interested on fixing problem. Plenty of ppl terrible at a task but not interested in fixing it.
Let Dan Coughlin entertain you TONIGHT with his crazy stories at the Tuscarawas County Pub. Lib. At 6:30pm
Block them. They can't follow you, you can't see their comments. Going private and accepting invites, lets people DM you.
Light rail is packed with O's fans today
Happy 4th of July... up state right now, once home more band practice for the Playland BATTLE of THE BANDS July 20th hope to see you there!!
cause when me and joy was little we used to hear the mice on Cinderella sing that lmao
same here
Just another reason why I love Chicago. Messages via stuffed fish.
yo u black bastard from gville, quickly hook up wit someone and tweet bout it. Hope u doin well man.
what do I do.?
Know which battles to fight and which battles to walk away from.
"flying frog!? may i borrow?
RT : This just in: & just signed on as a sponsor to keep #cfachi #IdeaHack moving forward!!
Major Payne is Clearly on... Yayy
RT Getting in an arguement with a girl is like being arrested, Because anything you say can and will be used against you.
um, yeah. so that book that im supposed to be reading....
I have to say, tried chai last week, it's by far the best I've ever had.
should've texted or tweeted me!
To Love God Is The Greatest Virtue, To Be Loved By God Is The Greatest Of Blessings.
Haha! You know it! (:
its early -_-
Thanks for the shout out and the opportunity to
haha I had to ask my mom what day it was >.<
Keith's paradoxical commandments can evolve.
haterz gonna hate bambino..be wise..and rise up!
blah. i'm bored and i don't want to study.
If we go into this half tied or with a lead, we have to feel great
RT Why is everybody so sensitive now a days?!? Everybody relax
everything about her is perfection
used some twitter analysis tool- it's surprising how many people aren't really people. sorry if i've unfollowed you and you aren't a robot.
RT : The weekends almost here so head out to Club Empire, with my bro live in the mix!
RT: A3: isnt everything a little funnier with a drink? Plus more money for the venues and good old sponsors
On the highway, we are behind a car labeled "Google Self-Driving Car."
that THING was last year .... one time and thats it.
So am I.
Not a good start to the day...
Poor she thinks she's going to get an ass !
I would notice if the KoC stopped showing up at the top of weekday roll call.
UMC advises the pedestrian has been upgraded and should be just fine. The road should open back up in about 30 minutes.
#cnndebate Santorum wants the Reagan Democrats back!
“If you have the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.” David Viscott
can't wait for the ustream! remember,
smokin till i overdose
Fundamentally, I believe health care for everyone is a right.
A real man can stay loyal to his woman without getting sidetracked by hoes.
He's my rainy day.
midterm tomorrow. tired of studying. need it to be #collegebreakday already.... #collegekidproblems funnel cakes on friday!!! so excited
I know, but the question of the Facebook like as political speech raises this larger question
yeah I know! :(
Truly Tolerant Internationalism : Obama is the FIRST GAY, MUSLIM, CHRISTIAN, KENYAN President of the U.S.
all you need is fear
CD/DVD Duplication, Posters, T-shirts, Postcards, Flyers, Business Cars, Banners, Magnets, Brochures!!!! MusicalStop.com!!
Teachers aren't salaried? How dumb are you?
"A two-year-old is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it." - Jerry Seinfeld "quotes
so so stressed out.
RT Great fusion lunch with compliments of
Congrats for finishing Law School! .. Just need to dominate the Bar!
ha just realised it said 'time' is a great teacher, embarrassing! I thought it said this...lol! X
Monique Show got cancelled..is anyone really surprised? All she did was preach..it was annoying but she surely went in on that audio lol!
Lol...I hear ya!
Connecting the dots as the universe gives them to me...
My sisters came out so pretty, why didn't I ?! >:o
Why hate people like !! If you dont no the real them, just what people say bout them ! Than your a
Hey, let's be careful out there, Milwaukee.
Pretty damned great weekend, you guys. Let's say we do it again soon?
Joel! please reply! do you remember me? It's been a very long time! still have that super 8 drawing I gave you?
You're very welcome, and we sure did :)
I love Fridays :) they're so...peaceful ☺
False! To ensure safety and high rate of success following surgery, patients are evaluated to determine if they're ideal for the procedure.
leaving for new york tonight ! so stoked to see all our friends we havent seen in months ! and the show saturday is gonna be a blast too !!!
Feel most alive when u close to death
Randomly its super nice outside #not complaining
Silence is golden sometimes...!
“The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.”~ Ayn Rand
Great run this am. Left home in Brookfield and run all the way downtown to Alterra at the Lake. Awesome 20 miler, right B4 the winter storm.
A women that loves sports
I ain't even gone lie .. I'm a pissed off Miami Heat fan! #ImDead !
I agree :}
Not all of us can afford to be "wined & dined" at a guy's Pro day ;)
Best part of puppet show according to kids' reactions: squirting water and a barrage of fluttering tissue paper fish.
lol! Selecting the music.
Credit: it is the drug that the bankers deal to us to keep us enchained to their parasitic financial machine.
Is it just me? But after 9/11 I don't recall Firefighters being called Union Thugs. They were called "heroes"
Not this Taurus!
Much thanks to our followers for your continual awesome tweets! We want more! Follow US! We follow back!!!
Welcome to the Wiz of Awes crew!
Hay hay Birthday boy, it's mine too today! I would love to come to your screening n laugh my ass off too...what do I have to do?
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 46
what happened to foxxhopper? and how am I still miraculously following you? Not complaining, i just confuse easily, you know.
were gonna watch the hunger games and im going with my friend Kristel and Janine.
neti pot looks like a nose bong
that awk moment when you are the only grl walking with your bf and his friends and you don't know any of them and its quiet..
Happiest Friday, friends! Cozy up to your coffee, your work and dream of the weekend. Also of July. And fruity drinks. And...
cool - whatcha watching?
I saw the beginning of that. I wish I didn't have to go to work so I could've seen what came of you after that grenade shot. ;-)
me too. The jinx got us all. If the 'Skins and the Sex Cannon win the NFC East...
meh. I don't like him lol
funny...queer ": I forget.... is it better to be funny "strange" or funny "ha ha"?"
Mixtape just reached 15,000 views. Thanx for listening to Ballin Out Of Bounds on datpiff! Thanks for being a fan of my first official tape
Be your beautiful self : ) "You were born an original. Don't die a copy." - John Mason
totally fine...in fact mine is: to not have one!!! and just enjoy the ride...
I'm gettin married ben franklin is my best man. lol
Good luck!
Yeah I figured it was last minute, I just found out today. I still want to go though!!
are you and peyton dating!??
Because although we may look ridiculous at the end of the night, we look damn good at the beginning.
true so true
Paper bags are outlawed in grocery stores in Afghanistan. They believe paper is sacred.
Thanks new follows for supporting contemporary ballet! Come to our show Flight of Fancy
In truth the audio was far more haunting. :-)
Feel free to leave any comments about our website. Your kind advice can help us improve our service.
Yea buddy #aye RT : u in NYC?? I haven't seen U in a min
Snow in the east! Only clouds and cool temps here. Whew! Glad we didn't see any of that this weekend.
Cerus (NASDAQ: CERS) to Present at the Stephens Inc. Fall Conference on November 16, 2011
The One That Got Away.
yeah k but I don't like chips ;) xx
why are you the one i want?
Retina display on the new iPad.
Watchn the tigers
Life is like a bull, you have to take it by the horns, even if you’re thrown around, get up and go again
pregnant WHAT!! omg! #startingrumors ;)
funny you should mention that topic I just read that they want to do that near the
i actually considered this.
i agree but the way the bulls treated the bradley center this season .... the evil part of me is laughing at those fans ..
dam we look good!
I'd have bought 2 if they were any cheaper. I just needed something to get me moving again.
Interesting read, thanks for sharing! Have a fabulous Wednesday
I'm really about to consider something life changing! Real talk! Tired of the nonsense
ur cuter than me
. Bullshit. Green party success in Wisconsin to result of a TON of tedious, hard, local work.
So fun! From coworking in Capitol Hill, Seattle to Capitol Hill, Denver. Ha! Love how the #coworkingvisa does that!
Have fun, girl <3
Planet Amazing Launches New Environmentally Friendly Pest Control... The EPA has approved Planet Amazing 's non-toxic pest control and ho
Spit it out or go home!
Early call in a few hrs but still charged from Terry Berland class. Can't sleep, mind whirling...
hug the haters and fuck the fans
I wuv you
already keep doin' ur thang just like a NINJA
Coach, I am truly happy to have someone of your magnitude to be working with our young lady Bulldogs!
okay seriously... I new go get into yoga. I have all those freebies you gave me.
I'm guessing doesn't have a partner for BP? Lol
Deltek Unveils New Task Order Awards Solution Delivering Clarity and Insight to the Opaque World of Federal Task Order ...
yes truly impressive.. Simplicity, his style statement.
More pictures from our last show at E-String coming soon!! :)
": #VoicesILove The one in my head that says "JUST GO FOR IT!"." Listen to the Voice! Have a great weekend #NitroCircus!
no hipster boys allowed?
I haven't gotten all the way through yet but there's a strong chance it will I think!
": Corn-flakes were created as an anti-masturbation cereal." What does that even mean?? What is a pro-masterbation cereal?
While taking pictures, I must refrain my inner girl from making a duckface.
I can't wait! Delicious. Caffeinated. Satirical yet heartfelt. It'll be a smash.
I can't believe the amount of BS I just heard. This is seriously ridiculous!
Two teens dead, another brain dead after a crash on hwy 52 @ Convoy. CHP says cars were racing on the way home from a beach bon fire.
Add my book page to follow updates on Vanilla's Ladies my pride and joy Detroit based street novel!
Why am i going to bed at 9 o'clock on a friday night?
Canadian Universities Have One Week To Stop A Disastrous Copyright Licensing Deal - Techdirt
Multi-care pileup.
New York whats up its takin u there right now on clubradionyc.fm
go live
"Red Hot Chili Peppers did a parody of this song." lol
at CUREnet meeting in gorgeous small auditorium at HHMI.
so long as you don't grope him during the M&G and get tossed out, it's all good
Must stop travel planning. Wish more 12# tix offered by RNT.
Love like no other. Love forever.
hello there!
#Following back <
WE <3 you.
Yes Yes Yes <EXTREME RULES 12>
Awh...I LOVE YOUU TOO! We news to make plans! Soon!!
I would like die if you followed me ! #someday (:
Toni Cordell: not everyone has the opportunity to learn to read or read well.
Crunch Berries? Yes. Cap' n Crunch? Not so much
we sold some mushroom tea, we sold some ecstasy, we sold nitrous opium acid heroine and pcp
hahahahaha and yes I am going to my old high schools' graduation just to rub it in her face!!!! Take that Senora Estas!!
I don't like this one bit my mom said I was grounded :/ but who cares
you gettin me mad. stop calling me fake b/c you know im the realest friend you got.
Shabazz does nothing but score, but you know damn well Noel is amazing. That said, I'll definitely take Bennett!
"I have a bath every time it rains, sir." the politician
Agreed. So great to be out on the court again!
i appreciate it..and hell yea it would be hot..dylan hot fire to be exact lol
Apparently there is a #FKNOSM announcement coming from #Facebook right now.
Is the Essence Music Festival in New Orleans a good event to display fine artwork? #New Orleans
I cannot bring myself to listen to anything but foreigner, Aerosmith, journey, or queen. Can you blame me?
MSNBC now has a hospital spokesperson who confirms Giffords is still alive.
haven't seen one good joke yet today.
God has resolution for your pain, a cause for your struggle and a gift for your faithfulness. Don't give up! Press on.
RT : named Design Friendly School in this month's Check out the new iPad app for free....
That will be easy!
This space is too doggone small for me.
Don't Forget To watch Mobbed Tonight on Fox
I wish these next two weeks of my life could fast forward.
Reds suck tribe suck wtf
Sometimes I realize I may be a walking cliche... LMAO If I don't make sense, then you may just be too damn normal.
would like to see some tower cams.
School will be over in a few hour's and my long drunken weekend begin's
#ImThatPersonWho Gets annoyed REALLY Easily. >.<
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I Like u
It's obvious Thibodeau knows how bad Rose is hurt. Too bad for everyone, especially Derrick. #justabasketballgameright?
: Link on Panetta?
that's good too !(:
Hip hip hooray for
Oh wow!! Using a "big word" out of context doesn't make you any smarter! So #dumb!
Thanks for joining us on Cinco de Mayo!
RTL essays are evil.
Ways to improve gas mileage... Change air filter, reduce load weight like golf clubs, Properly inflated tires, use recommended octane gas
Give Me Your Tumblr Links!
I just re-uploaded. Check it out!
I couldn't agree more. This is something we continue to work on, but repurposing content helped out our immediate need
Me, too. Sounds like it may be the second to last one ever, though.
3 more weeks and I'll be one year single. Yuuuuuuuh 
Mekong for beer fest kick off
If you can make her forget that her heart was ever broken ,your pretty fucking special bro.
Being one of the first people to ride out the new rides at Six Flags. One of the benefits of being a Gen Now Club member....
Almost time for another #DTLA #ArtWalk, this Thurs. April 12. I'll be at DAC Gallery for "Recaptured End", among others. Stay tuned!
I always thought the "Don" in Don Cornelius was a title since he was the Godfather of soul(train)
SATC is not bad for what it is. Girls is grittier, so it gets more respect but seems written by a 19 y.o.
Get me to derby
LOVE working with you too Jerry! You make my day
Type in the word "alone" in Google images to view some stunning photographs.
,and she tast juhyst like a strawberry :)
Thanks Linda! Glad you're feeling better :)
Apparently I let myself go, because I don't look nice everyday and don't wear makeup. Sorry I don't have time to please YOUR eyes
I had it at Fornos. I'm not good with the texture and it had a small amount of tentacles on it.
for their savory custard and a glass of rose. Nothing better than a little #vino to get the heart going in the am.
Next Tuesday we will have a special Family Night where your Children will get Fingerprinted and get a their very own ID badges made!
What tells you? It starts as a "village" but then community involvement starts deciding "what's best for our children."
I think I'm frighteningly close to becoming well-adjusted. Not sure how I feel about this.
Kentucky's roster currently stands at 12. They could sign another guy and still give both Malone and Long scholarships next year.
Great to see an american screw chelsea over!
Fist bump - thanks for sharing our $1 deal
Great video!
I think with the repeal of Glass-Steagall we would have had some trouble anyway, but borrowing for the wars/cuts buried us.
In Atlantic City girls weekend getaway once more. Not the same. Economy sucks!
madness is the new black
I already posted that to! Gosh keep up! Haha just kidding!
#libchat Q2 we allow moderated reviews to be posted in opac. I answered before but autocorrect split my lib chat tag up.
Yooo we gon shut it down again tonight!!!
We've had some urinary issues with our pugs and I think the cranberry treats are helping :-)
Need some pop bands for a showcase in november! Email
Please email and we can help. 140 characters isn't enough :)
Finished that scene and the next. Now both the h/h are ticked at each other. I love conflict! Will be back for more #amwriting tomorrow.
The #Dog Days of Summer fundraising event 8/28/10: enjoy vendors, pools & pet pics w/your 4-legged best friend. www.cantondogpark.org/
Happy Valentine's Day !! You are Lovely...
What are your thoughts about Komen/Planned Parenthood funding? Jody.
Testing GSiteCrawler, so far I like it
Still hungry :/
play Tri-City in game 3 of their Playoff series, we have live reports at 6 and 6:30
En mi calle hay muchos semáforos. / There are a lot of traffic lights in my street
Happy Thursday, ninjas! Hope you're reviewing all your self-defense for promo ceremonies next week! Remember.. Use your words!!
Dude good stuff. I listened to your show for a little while :)
California recruits tend to commit late in the season. Great catch for the Trojans with Hawkins.
“: thanks !”Your welcome!!
Well it's pretty much amazing so… ^_^
beat that bitches,
ALL things... Good Morning Tweeps! Be A Blessing Today! "Happy" Friday! >> It was way too early to spell check. :)
interview w/ re women,business,jobs, politics. Included , Sandi DiMola, MJ Tocci,
OK little bear honey bun! haha
Got him! Go Barack!
Shout out to the two best bosses ever and for being so fab!
Quote of the day: "it's take a whole whack of people to make some shit happen"
Where are all these mouses coming from!! Maybe its summer but they're in backyards everywhere!! :)
Latest lesson from publishing culture clash--print pub depts just try to play catch-up, digital pub depts pre-plan and test exhaustively.
Bout to blow this sweet an stare at naked bitches, yeap I said that shit
Last day in the Couve. I have to say that it has been an enjoyable stay, although I am ready to head back to Seattle and start working!
Time to hire a CMO...
Tallahassee friends! We're coming to you at Inside The Target Car + Gorgeous + Oh The Let Go! at The Shark Tank It's gunna be fun, and FREE!
He who has ears to hear, let him hear.
Can't wait to see what you have lined up!
Just got all new ski gear, now all I need is some
missed you too (:
guess what I have in my house?
I just threw up from the Ratchet Ness
not sure, but you did teach me about The Game. Which I just lost.
Haven't cleaned my gauges in weeks and they smell like death lol
Feel like I've been staring at lacrosse photos this whole week and not able to play with my new Mark IV
Hate getting your oil changed? We can ease the burden on your insurance through the internet.
About to get off work soon... I think I took 50 X-rays on patients today.
yeah of course i will!and ok yay! im really excited now!
With my old friends. Nice.
Funny but true: "The reason pages are fixed width and centered is because that's the static image the client signed of on"
can u follow me plz!!!!!
what is that ? Lol
Bored at home, nobody came to see me today.
good point - they were probably too little too late - he had other things to be reading I'm sure...
Met him at sabres game RT : where did you meet him at?
Just yesterday they said it would be 76 and sunny today. Now they say cloudy and high of 55. There are some angry car washers I am sure.
Bio lab exam 😁
I tried my hardest to stay awake but I couldn't best nap I've ever taken
“: Davis yelled to the crowd. This is my state!!! #AnthonyDavisSaysShutUp” OH! Thats what he said.... Lol
Our governments priorities are backwards! Working man last, lazy ass people second, wealthy first! #change is right we still need it!
Uncle Jay is cool...
#Tip: Make flower arrangements last longer by changing the water daily and keeping them in a cool, shaded place. Got a tip? Share with us!
Photos show more work at N.Korea nuclear test site
Wow you were wrong on this prediction Rome.
I said I was gonna cook...but I ready don't feel like it lol.
just followed '
in SF this week? Work or fun?
For the first time in the history of full time traveling; I forgot my bag at home yesterday! #UnfortunateSeriesOfEvents. ~AZ
Why Did Nicki Delete Her Twitter ?
Brought a book to study at work. That's how wired I feel.
Favorite queer character would be Frodo Baggins. Couldn't be with Sam, so he left with the elves for faerie.
Stop Judging Justin Bieber, he's just trying to live his dream. <3
make sure your door is locked, you have enough food an water for several days & don't worry. zombies arent here yet.
So simple and yet so delicious: Flounder with treviso, brown butter and lemon
a friend, nosy..... ;) but seriously you'd find out if you wanted to help me get him to follow me. What ya say??
Indian Hindu chanting at the #Oscars... LOL! Just, lol!
since everyone is starting to wear TOMS
Need a good #yoga DVD that helps with strength. Any suggestions?
Nothing pisses me off more than seeing you during this period -_______-
i think so i remember seeing a commercial with Will Ferrelll saying he's hosting :o
I'm out of skool at 12 u b ready by 1
New Rush album coming soon. Hm, should I care?
Have you ever been ? They make spiked milkshakes!
better now then anytime next 3 weeks. We had open looks but they didn't fall. We got our 2010WV game outta our system early
We here at CNN confirmed with Atlanta Fire Dept.
I can't believe that discussion questions for High Fidelity by Nick Hornby don't exist. Really?
True same did u go school today?
also working on how much orange I should go with. Ears? Belly? It's different every time. I'm a fail-forward kind-of guy.
a fist for simple? or complex? or both?
whoa, what'd I say ?
that is very cool!
hey hey Mrs. nation, thanks for the love.
Have it on my phone, but haven't played it yet. Let me know if you want to play!
Very much worth the tweet. It's a slow tweet day.
Pre-show "Happiness is a warm gun" and "Bulldog" proves of Montreal has their priorities in the right place.
Good Afternoon. How are you? 😃
RT FRI MAY 25TH ITS THE "ADIDAS" PARTY @ THE GALLERY LOUNGE IN THE "BX" FT N MORE DJAYING B
The the "library as kitchen" metaphor at #ebooksummit was from Aaron Schmidt on the Ebooks and the Lib User X panel (3 pm)
oh I see, with a capital P.
I love that hard core equality stuff anti-privilege anti-racism, just categorize and separate more from what I see.
Psyched to see Etgar Keret and tonight. Those two make the perfect marriage. That's why the venue is where I got hitched.
are you being sarcastic? I cant even tell.
I just noticed totally recycled her verse from "fuck u silly" & put it in "whip it"
madison likes the word beautiful.
Going to Madrid and Barcelona. Any suggestions on where to stay, what to do?
AMEN that's the truth!
I am not familiar!! Smh! Who said they was they Lying
Hi Nas, you wild and crazy photographer you! All great on this end. And u? Wishing you a terrific Spring.
Called it
still alive
hello beautiful amorcita
Newt is the "King of Exaggeration".
Headed to the gym. Looks like its all I do now!!
Providing tax and accounting services to dentists is one of specialties!
My Grandma Has Sold Avon Gor Over 27 Years She Asked Me Did I want To Continue It I Looked Like I was Crazy lol
Or the Groucho. RT Merkel should replace the Euro with a new currency called the Tebow.
LeBron James says the season won't be a failure if they don't win the title. Wow, that's pathetic.
Watching 90210. Brenda: "What was that?" Brandon: "I don't know...Mexican Death Rock."
I know right! Hello! How is ur summer going?:)
RT It's official! Happy Birthday /via
yeah no kidding. Way out of my league as well. You start the paperwork to patent the phrase yet? I want the first t-shirt.
If the reindeer where going to drop off a new Chevy in your driveway, which one would you want?
Went to da concert last night
we need to hang out
Sadly, I'll be in Minneapolis this weekend! Going to miss all of the fun. What's going on at Anthro?
JFK wishes u were here yo
nope, it's this Saturday!
#RBOTT Man on phone STOP looking for surce of funny smell STOP tire fire in Hollywood STOP
text me an address to send your money order too cuz I got the check today!
It's gonna be freezing at softball practice tonight.
had it last night
Hope it's been a good day for you! Where did you end up golfing?
I'm interested to know what other options the translator went through before ending on "fancy-picture."
Dear media: Please refrain from using "Valentine" in puns. They are passé, and Bobby's heard them all before.
link doesn't work
I love my iPad....I seriously do!
Be #kind whenever possible. It is always possible. -
Can't believe I'm headed to work this late but oh well 😏😏😏
The #NewYorkKnicks have beaten the Celtics, Clippers, and Hawks over the last two weeks, so I know that we can hang with good teams.
Where has that got them the past couple years over these young gunners?
I looooooooveeeee boyfriend omg i love everypart
haha hey you! And fosho! It's damn intense!
Is that a Millenium Falcon I see?
I smile and say hey like he never did it. Man this aint easy
mad at myself for not knowing that Owen released a new album last fall, it's really good
Omg - #dwts was so fun! Thanks ! So far, it's been my favorite sporting event of the year.
escort service hiring
Laughin with somebody > laughin at somebody
Lee Silsby Compounding pharmacy is the leader for quality compounded medications for autism.
Headed to Dallas to play the Deep Ellum Arts Festival at 5pm. Praying for low-impact traffic.
bob its me! price!!! its me!!!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!78
Attend our next event.Happy Hour in the Southside at Penny's Diner, Pennys Glasshouse,& Folino's! www.pittsburghprofessionalconnection.com
Yeah, it's pretty great.
RT God has to work IN us before He can work THROUGH us.
its worth it! Good job mama!
American Idol is kind of awful right now. The Voice > American Idol.
New days new times don't regret any minute of it or any second make more good memories then bad. but make them something worth doing;)
nice view.
lmaooo all my unfollowers are ugly middle school girls that like all my fb pics
yes very true I got one
An invigorating day of moviemaking with the women. Characters, timeline, plot structure all falling into place -- and beauty tips to boot.
“ "We may have all come on different ships, but we’re in the same boat now." #MLK”
#DearGod thank you 4 another day to pursue my passions & fulfill my purpose. Give me the patience to deal with people & a heart of humility
": (706): Screw them and thier engaged asses. I've got liquor to drink and boys I don't know to make out with."
Bachelor on The Bachelor (while stepping off of a helicopter) - "These more down to earth dates are nice!"
agrees pere is the beer that changed the way we look at GI..our fave of their belgian bottles offerings fa sho
Things are fantastic. The Missouri sun is shining and im breathing. Things are looking good.
Room smells like sex...white boy wasted last night.
hey sweetie!
afghanistan donated $1million to pakistan earthquake relief. what a beautiful, generous gesture!
This rain needs to stop.
I'm learning that I have a tendency to mask or submerge ideas under layers of superficially interesting abstraction. Undoing that.
Antiquing with is always a good time - Before and Afters to come! Old stuff + Vinyl Cutter homemade stickers = DIY Love ♥
It's Friday! #FF You know we love you.
#askalexconstancio Will you and ever make Cool Morning 3???<34
Fortunately for her, im a cannabaker:)
yes, we're in a problematic situation (and by "we", I mean the faculty). We both need to be self-reflexive and critical ...
Our single is almost done and ready for release...
Happy National High Five Day & a BIG #ThankYouThursday to you!
Giving away 6 Blue Man Group tickets on Wednesday for Party Rock!
Did you ever run that ruby file? Haha. :0
No you arent
#piwppi love listening to all the awesome speakers at Ignite and so glad it's not me!
the 1st to the 11th unless I hit my "number" then ill stay the series.
I'm really happy the Panthers are keeping Steve Smith around for awhile
Why is FOX a bunch of hypocrites for rw slant,and MSNBC not for lib slant.Is this a team thing? Is one always right(my team) ?
Bullying needs to stop it's pointless and solves nothing.
My on line kids are awesome. RT : Have I mentioned that I am also very proud of my "online kids".
Dear Austin TX DOT, can you please warn me when my lane is suddenly going to be a turn-only lane? I could have saved at least an hour.
...dont make LUDA expose the truth u a hoeboy!!!!!!
Wishing a very Happy 15th Birthday to Cody Simpson! What do you think he's getting for his birthday?
I am always off beat with clapping
#ILoveJoeyDiamondBecause He has the style, he has the looks, he has it all.
Just sent you a direct message. Logging off for the evening. Talk tomorrow.
I agree with others. Green, Craft, etc. and how about Anthony Davis? You really think UK would be where they are without him?
Pinterest is alot of fun, however. So much variety!
Fear: That I'll give in before I finish my life. Dream: One day, people will care more. <3
I know it's so wrong we can get crappy DSL or crappy cable, and no one else can come in cause of the monopolies set up.
so u are going to fold up All those Preds jerseys and put them away for another year?
This tornado stuff is really scary...and I live in a place were there shouldn't be tornados..ugh.
Hahahaha no problem;D RT : My wallpaper on my phone >>>> 😊❤ thanks !! 😉
Thanks for hosting me for #DellCAP, it was a great experience! Many thanks to
If I had a garden I’d put your tulips and my tulips together.
No seriously turn that shit off, catch it on dvd or whereever, you want to hit them where it hurts DO IT.
Did you bust out laughing?! I love that kid.
At the movies, kinda tired. Can't wait to get home and get back on the computer. :)
gazebo pants back on after mini-break for church. kickboxing gazebo pants!
Lmao I got juju to call josh grandpa
I hate a pussy ass nigga!
Will do:-)
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
I have a problem... And I don't know what to do. :/ well I mean I do kinda but I'm not sure if that's still the solution. :c
2012 #DECALDA is officially over! We're all excited to hear about the impacts you'll have in your states and provinces!
already do. that's pretty much my life. we gotta make a pact to try to not fight anybody this weekend
Indie movie quote of the day: "All right ramblers, let's get rambling!" -Reservoir Dogs, 1992
Best interception I've ever seen!
Know the media: local media with cover local disasters, leavng international coverage for national media
Thanks for the helpful info!
what is what lol ?
Sure... I will play some Texas hold'em with you on Facebook
boyfriend just sent me a pic of his red blazer & bow tie... it's a red out alright! GO BUCKS
always puts on a show either way. U and the rock really went at it last night Lol
RT : The highest of compliements! RT : I'm only about 4 hours into #icon12, and I've already learned enough to...
How to build your 2012 Digital Marketing Plan, great analysis and insight
haha alyssa KILLED me with her comments
that's great i am excited for you, make sure to shoot me a link when it's up and stuff!
reply or DM if you're going to #WOMMA2011 this week. we'd love to meet you!
Haha, give me a reason to build a Spring trip out to see you!
Platform neutrality for mobile wallets - the new "network neutrality" policy issue for e-transactions
Back 2 another week of consisted work !!! I hope will do better this week !!!
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams ............
What is the equivalent of "serving" someone on twitter? We need slang for that.
Red Nation- The Game
I Love the way Sunny dances !
2 weeks. 3 if you wanna be optimistic...lmbo.
Our lives are embraced by a glow… which our darker moments helped to create... FMHY <3
#nowplaying The Gords - Gin & Juice. This version cracks me up. Gangsta Country lmao
I am testing a recipe that calls for Pomegranate Molasses! Where the.? What the...
Follo back please!:) x
Bill Hallmark Holiday
Having coffee with and the wonderful Chief Snow of Rome, Ga revealing secrets of www.thealteredmovie.com boosting the hype!
You're Awesome! Thanks for recommending us!
Looking for ball screen notes from Coach Majerus at the clinic in Tunica. Can you help?
Gosh, it got dark all of a sudden! And now the thunder is freakin' LOUD!
after school ends maybe!!! :)
Stay out of the water if you know what I mean! LOL
The debate continues at #NYGC – mobile or social games? I would rather play a game with my friends instead of a game on my phone.
Thank you so much!
21 fouls on Indiana. 9 on the heat. #smh. Let them play. Shit.
De Graaf: Hawaii is the happiest state in the union, West Virginia is the least happy.
I wouldn't expect you eating anywhere else!
Beautiful red leather Lazy Boy sofa $450 and recliner $150 at the Wash. Co. ReStore
#avengers time with
get your shit together carol!
So, I am excited that I am now a member of google+ I might actually use this. Facebook has just been a link sharing site for me. #google+
okaaaysss I will !
do you guys think i can borrow the 7d for my journey? i promise to be super nice and bring y'all lavish gifts :) thx
So stoked for Big Eddy tasting here tomorrow
All only season passes will be honored at for the rest of the season! There's still time and new snow!
Just released- THUNDER OF THE EAST- a documentary following the UB marching band through their 2010 season. See it at primalcine.com
well if it wasn't for you messing up!
It's no wonder you've been coveting this scarf -- it's fantastic!
I play basketball everyday with my friend Domonic, who has down syndrome, and I don't treat him any different than everyone else
I'm not, but I can act like one. There are some hidden joints in the city, I love Rocky's. Awesome tripe.
We hope you have an amazing time! Thanks for using ShowClix :)
was it a good song atleast?
Special this week: 17" TV, 17 dollars. 19", 19 dollars. We got acres of TV, the biggest video warehouse in the world -- Crazy Hy's.
You know what would be awesome? Breathing. I would really like breathing, I think.
our pleasure! we look forward to hearing from you!
not all of us can work at edgy think tanks.
Use repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com for 20% off your purchase, 10% off for LIFE with every use! RETWEET for friends!
Thanks to the for the follow!
RT Car wash
I was looking at my old Facebook messages with , and it 2 years ago we planned to go to Souplantation when we get licenses <3
yeah that helps.
Bloomberg: first mandatory evacuations for coastal zone A in NYC EVER.
Wake me up when the Tigers start playing to their potential
I remember didn't think u knw who I was lol
*chuckles as the bed moves when all the cats jump up to curl next to me. One crawling under the blanket. Closes eyes, drifting off quickly-
Oops he is from private law firm. My bad. I retract last tweet. So sorry Microsoft. Please don't crash my laptop
I'm 3/4 of the way through that book... it's UNREAL
Thanks for the mentions!
Found out my tweets weren't going through... So I will update you on what went on at the homeless shelter... Continued next tweet
Know anyone playing the Main Event who wants to wear 3Bet gear? Message us here or at .
“: I wonder why not? RT : interesting how twitter is not being used as a mode for Q&A. #dml2012”
haven't listened to Children Of Bodom for so long
The conversations I have with my brother on the phone are so weird.
Oh my lord , these people left me here waiting like a dummy -__-
just droppin in with at #huskyFest thanks.
its homicide
the lakers won
whats the URL? I can take a cursory glance :P
"Open your souls, open your minds - There's a lot of wonderful people in the world outside." ::joshua james::the new love song::
thanks for the love
Pre-Order Tomorrow!!! Official BCL T-Shirts! YES!
Clean it up, coke whore
Sounds like a panel put together by the Republicans in the US House of Representatives. Both sad & ignorant!
i kno yall c these tweets...... im not goin 2 sleep til i get responses
The one morning I leave early to go to work, there's traffic jam that makes me late. #Douchebag Traffic
good how are you!?
Good morning! ~ Gorgeous as always!
Green Tip:Tea Tree oil is one of the most popular essential oils. It is one of the strongest natural antiseptics!
I never get it anymore.
Dwight Howard's FT% has been between 58.6% and 59.6% each of the last 5 seasons. This season: 49.4%.
#cosign #celticsnation RT : my guy is the best point guard on the league hands down
It's just you and me today, Vivian.
": .. have a beautiful day!! #teambootyz!! -kitab00" you too #TeamBootyz !!
BC its hardly beef. And I couldn't bring myself to argue with a kid. That's just ridiculous
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 12
Delain: Epic Metal Troupe&#39;s Third LP To See North American - Rock ...
you better take this hug woman! You can't have my baby!
The only one who informed me was my ten year old brother. How sad is that!?
Who you are is falling over me, who you are is everything I need. I'm hoping, I'm waiting, I'm praying you are the one.
No matter the faith, we must help those who suffer
Just saw a homeless guy holding a sign saying "I bet you can't hit me with a quarter!"
I don't want to just make love. I want to make love last.
oh yeah I did say that lol I was asking for your keys to move your car
ALWC Courageous Men's BREAKFAST this morning. Bout to crush some Bob and Angie's !
Lol, you better hurry up! I'm sure their moms will be calling them in soon so their grilled cheese doesn't get cold.
If you remember and can help me out with that screen I would ever so appreciate it
Well hello stranger .
are they moving?
Yeah but he also knows that it doesnt work well....
i want you to do a following spree too! ;D
Justins photo shoot was too sexy for my ovaries.
Ground wave on 10M was very good this morning but now that it is 2:30pm the band has died.
The #RedSox have won three in a row! It's a holiday miracle.
Sounded really good, actually! Mooring Moore in Bryn Mawr, or something similar...
not at all you should say what up doe
Florida is nice too! Myrtle Beach is SC is nice too. A lot of beaches in NC are awesome.
Did you get that margarita?
Stay classy #westvirginia idiots
Good morning everybody stay blessed
I've had this feeling with the Steelers and Mavericks. But NOTHING comes close to this. Kentucky basketball is a part of me.
Lincoln Center Encore Kisses!
so you taking me to game 1 of the Eastern Conference finals?
New Jersey- Jersey Corn
I know, right? This is definitely not part of the revenge plan.
sick ass invite!
email with a menu, prices, a pic of your display, & 3 references. We'll put you on file!
In a very, very expensive neighborhood.
:) haha hey i taled to mama! About us going to the beach!
Fabulous! Congrats!
Out of nowhere, I received an $8 check from CafePress. Haven't sold anything there in at least two years.
ack! however this reverse scrolling in hoot suite is pretty confounding
thanks for the kind words dudes. Loved your set!
#3wordsofadvice liquor before beer.
I'm mad at him too!!
man & I work on not holding it in! That's why I dance 2 get that energy out!
Wango Tango is like a live show with a lot of artist performing!
just got home from getting my ears pierced
excited to be preparing my presentation on rights management for creative DAMs for
RT : NOTORIOUS BIG DREWBYRD REMIX...PARTY &amp; ????????
Your dad says, "go ask your mom." Your mom says, "go ask your dad." Now, you understand double recursion.
with KelliDunnn <3 Makes my day so much brighter :)
The Vikings weren't the only thing to collapse in the Metrodome this year.
Do you have a blog or somewhere else online where you write?
You two crack me up... pies & baseball.... Good old fashioned banter??!!
"You know, being a test pilot isn't always the healthiest business in the world." Alan Shepard, US first man in space on this day in 1961.
Good luck Lady Golden Bulls!!!!!
like why you should win and tell them about urself. they want interesting and yeah stuff like that haha
Is Bristol Cider a reference to a style or just location?
Adding #NBALeaguePass on via phone is futile: 15-minute waits, awful music, poor wknd hours. The way to go? Live chat w/
thank you😄
“It was like being at a ‘real’ conference without having to travel and the price was great!” This year we’re keeping it real.
lets go Ron Ron!
I wish I could do yoga on my own. I'm not goode enough though. I def need to get back to classes.
Living good feeling better
CD1 candidate Eric Griego talks about campaign finance reform and investing in clean energy on 's Eye on NM tomorrow at 10a.
This Thanksgiving I'm thankful for !
Movies in which someone rides a bicycle for non-comedic purposes?
At a seriously sketchy Bella Gourmet "bridal event" just to try an get free stuff. Not sure if it's worth it...
:) ...have a great Thanksgiving!
Oh, my bad. I didn't realize that I was living in a psych ward.
Please help us spread the word to locals.
way cool; i'd love to hear more, too, especially regarding kids' reactions to the endings -
well i leave Tuesday so we shud chill this weekend....
let me know if you do! I don't wanna go by myself lol
For Good Friday I carved this lamb shank into the shape of a stick of butter that's how this works right
Your mouth says what's up, but all I hear is a Mill ticket.
how are u? today avril
thanks for the retweet!
Cajun big easy on deck...
RT : #bbcsum12 I must have misheard - tobacco comps funding broadband rollout? <- Couple states cut deals with them..
fONDATIONS started there, eXPERIENCE brought me here... CAN YOU SEE ME NOW?.lol
Good morning peeps!
one of the best new producers
I will never win this game without you
UPDATE: Crash I-5 SB on the Interstate Bridge now blocks Right & Center Lanes.. Fire still on scene. Tie up to SR-500.
#Thunder are definitely beating the Lakers in this series... Sorry Lakers fans.
Yeah, Ill pass on that. Same reason I don't date hot girl bartenders. Those relationships are doomed to fail. :(
I can hardly wait 4 this book. I'd buy it for the cover alone, but the blurb looks just as good. Looking 4wrd 2 your review.
The backs of the Brewers' jerseys look like they were designed by the Microsoft Office paper clip.
Follow back :D
Yeah, I have a friend that failed it twice in one day lol. And my parents refuse to give me rides to classes or let me ride a bus
Can I Pretty Please Get A Tweet Or Follow? I Love You And It Would Literally Mean The World To Me! (:
A county catalog of available open data? One link, or one page? (More later.)
Seattle PD kept the mounted unit partly for riots. The large animals tend to have a calming effect Source pending.
Hi Ari :) what are you going to do?? :D
You just made me go to the pantry, extract the Nutella, and I'm now licking it off a big silver spoon while writing. Bliss.
get me a glass of milk and I'll dive right in.
weren't Jared Jeffries and Eric Gordon early departures? Have IU fans shunned them?
retweeting all of my tweets leggo
I knew that already!
I will Joan, thanks!
nice burn!
Be careful what you think, because your thoughts run your life. Proverbs 4:23
Interesting! A lot of stuff we were starting, glad to see it getting traction. Love that design, too. Wishing for the best.
Sounds like a lot! Considering that's not the only free filtering/photo sharing app out there. Pays off to be #Zuckerberg friend!
please hire frontier next time...
I am so floating. GBR
I kinda wanna take a nap
NOPE denim niggas try to wear it ALL like denim #thisainthat RT : Seersucker suit four days in a row. Entire month?
All shit walk around the club fuck everybody
Excited for today's Exposed event in NYC!!
Need it Bring Back Ringer
you should probably put your picture of you without braces on here. #you.are.beautiful. <3
Having a chill sub in spanish >>
NICE!!!!! I will have to get one of those gems. Is Ms. Brown still with us?
Culver City and walking more than expected. That's a long wait for a cup of coffee.
The USA Racquetball National Doubles Championships are in progress. Watch all the action for free at www.irtnetwork.com
same. In bed ready to start the dayq
Today will be a struggle...
:) I bet ur havin a blast there. So jealous! Only benefit is that I can watch the draft on 1 screen, & the Giants on the other
Brian Klemke wrote: Up way to frickin' early after going to bed so late. Recorded the Pimp and Ho commercial last night for WJJO.
But this time not for you, just for me.
Congrats to our pals ! You guys rock!!!
I can't wait to see mi famila and of course
Next up for the Supremes-- rehearing the Lochner line of cases?
great piece on #StructureConf - we had a great time with great conversations!
no that summons barry manilow!
You've gotta look for the key holder disguised as a rock.
holy deliciousness. Where is that from??
I have nothing to look forward on weekends.
Offshore Wind Bill (HB 441) just passed the MD House of Delegates! Vote count was 88-47. On to the Senate!
for sure! Id love to help inspire u and your friends with free beauty tips:) give me a shout out and lets have a twitter party!
Season's Tweetings: Any store or event with the words “Kountry” or “Kraft” in it is going to be painful.
I think it was 68 degrees here at 7am
Can you believe it's been almost 48 hours since the last time you were drunk and watching the Brewers?
Finally a day off! Time to relax
~>I dislike this...
AE client! MT : Partnering with and to use social networking to drive consumer #energy efficiency.
RT : Video does not need to be professional quality. A simple flipcam or webcam 1 -3 minute video. #NMRealEstate Yes, keep it short
"What bacon? The only damn bacon we got is baking soda!"
Thanks so much, Ron! Much appreciated.
follow me?<3
you must've missed the part where the Mavs traded him for to Portland for Rudy Fernandez
Lmao at the Laker & there defense!
On recruiting influencers for npo events "teams that are social bond & are loyal to not only your event, but the team"
Synth takes points and calls it before Tata can engage her scoring run Rotties - 32, Maulers - 8
yea me too..... I'll survive though
I had to do two set designs in college. Built all out of wood. Would have KILLED for a makerbot.
If you could put any logo on your , what would you choose?
is studing for my EcoBroker certification....
g'night!
Hell yeah , both of them are good ass players !
spending easter with my two most favoritest people in the world (:
should i buy a kindle fire? or not?
I miss u 2
Thus game is boring.
let me know details... I'm interested :)
So King of the Hill starts showing on Cartoon Network and my son says "l thought they only show cartoons." No sense of reality!
Hoping Christina is kinder to Aretha than she was to Frances Scott Key.
an error doesnt become a mistake until you refuse to correct it
._. I love food
who you heard thatfrom your self cause who would have yold you that espicalky ehen its not true dont say nobody either
On the plane! En route to see the woman who made me who I am today, the most amazing woman I know! MY MOTHER! #HappyMothersDay!
You serving up any homebrew for the Super Bowl this year?
yeah, Unfortunately ...i will be heading up Friday night . He lives on Loudon?
"The LORD will fight for you, and you will hold your peace."~Exodus 14:14
I told Greg he needs to get on there easy money
Rice given Davis isn't 100% and playing niners D. I roll dice with Skelton, you KNOW Moore sucks, we only THINK Skelton does.
na chill I'm bout to ccome thru and take one allso
i'm not saying my job could be done by ANY rabbit... but humbled likewise. :)
get me some! Its mine aswell! :D
hello thanks for the follow..
You're welcome!!
Had so much fun at yesterday's Vets Day Parade! Glad sponsors stepped up to make it happen! Thanks for your help
Got a man cuffin’, nigga think he popo She tryna go below the belt, thinkin’ low blow I’m thinking oh yeah, he thinkin oh no
thanks for the retweet!!
good luck tonight!
Trying to keep up with Lost before I sink into the new season, almost done with season 4.
Where you from ?
has arrived at
Took a nap earlier. Just woke up. There goes my somewhat normal sleep schedule.
I fucks wit it
: While you're busy looking for the perfect person, you'll probably miss the imperfect person who could make you perfectly ...
I actually watched the home run derby last night...is that wrong?
NetworkedBlogs is a way to publish your content to people whove subscribed to receive updates based on categories etc. it helps!
start by taking acting classes. Take workshops around town. Then do a lot of research. Find out what your good at in acting.
dont worry i got you.....i will be DMing you very soon
you... STRANGE. haha, just kidding! <3
"I'm a hungry children."
The Liquor Authority recently sponsored a bill that would give new restaurant and bar owners a temporary permit right away.
To the basement, people! To the basement! Many surprises await you! In the basement, people! In basement!
cannot believe I got no call... I just left Lincoln Park!
Jamel Johnson looked solid. He has some good decision makers and players around him to learn from. He's in a good place.
Raymond Williams Keywords Culture is 1 of 2 or 3 most complicated words in English language <-2 true #politicsofwomensculture hard 2 write
On my way to . Should be a good time.
On my way to see #onedirection <3
Free for All Friday on Catalyst Business Radio! Anything goes! What's on your mind? Call in... let's talk!
it is! Lol
oh yeah hahahahaha i totally forgot whoops... :P
Imagine a world with little sleep..
HA. Doubt it.
They make the Foo Fighters play outside?
#Dodgers Matt Kemp leaves game vs. #Rockies. Could be a hamstring injury.
!!! THX for the re-tweet and CONGRATULATIONS on accumulating 12,000 followers! That is quite a #twitter feat :0)
which I think is a problem with cbb. Very unequal and difficult to break in for outsiders.
This is the year!
I think is bored ._. And wants head..
if that's what makes you happy then so be it, congrats!!!
go tomorrow so I can go with you please
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 346
someone text me,i need new friends,everyone here is so shitty!
Most satisfying: Dogs breath steaming in sunlight - Winter morning walk.
Let's go #Clippers lets go!!
Leadership training in the profession is all upper level training, not untraditional leadership role training.
Cristina and I are working during the voice will somehow kindly tweet us Justin's big news please? :)
Looks like I won't be crossing "win the lottery" off my bucket list tonight. On the bright side I did have one number right =p
God I'm so poor. Does anyone want to buy my soul? I also accept donations.
lol ok cuzn u can have em I want a
I love when people lie to me especially women because when I find out the truth and confront you mouths drop like they saw Jesus.
Where the laid back girls, that just chill in the summer? Cant find em.
Umm no first is Sarah and Second is Sara (:
Hey did you get a haircut? No, I dyed the tips of my hair invisible
Lol glee, Dinosaur Prom !
LOL. i got plans
Look Into My Eyes And Tell ME What You See..
FREE Playoff Pep Rally tonight at South Side Music Hall at Gilley's Dallas.
$76.23 to fill the tank of a Honda Accord! F U oil speculation!
after that shot on 15, I could be 100% wrong!
wow. just wow.
You bet.
I'm up for lunch or afternoon coffee on Friday. I plan on spending the morning working in l5p.
yeah miss u both!
Thanks for the RT Always a pleasure trading info with you!
Imma be backk later so I can charge my sis phone before she start mobbin on mii like crazy
Jada - Paper Tags
No tour dates in Miami? Not surprised. Miami is not the most book friendly city around.
it should become common phrase though, like on invitations
Thanks for sharing!! Have a great week!
Voted in WI primary and gave the blue haired old lady grief about showing my photo id
🏃👐👯 you can guess what that is hehe. I probably shouldn't have downloaded the emoji app..
Back that thang up (talking about the car) comedian moment burning rubber lol.
Learn Chinese for the day: trip:旅行, cat:猫, build:建设, trade:买卖
I PASSED SKILLS CHECK OFF TODAY!!! YAY!!! National Registry on Tuesday... ONE MORE STEP TIL I CAN BE A PARAMEDIC!!!
Dear Lord
Thanks for the love
RT : My only fear is losing my mom.
“Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.” Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
#MattFlynn for governor.
Neil Sims to chair Offshore Mariculture Conference 2012 - Fish Update
Tried to buy sneakers at the mall, but I have freakishly large feet and "I'm sorry, ma'am, we don't have that in your size..."
Negative motivation at this point
I () bought British people beer last year randomly, was that you? it's kind of a blur. lol
Am I in Florida yet?
Especially noticeable when interviewing candidates or if you have clients at your desk often.
#nowplaying Green Onions by Booker T & The MG's. A Memphis classic!
helped cut the flem, if you can get by the taste. I don't think that it helped with the hoarseness
There's a cricket in my bed somewhere...guess I'm not sleeping tonight...
Walking & Texting is Dangerous
When you get treated like shit.. sometimes you feel like shit.
Thanks! I'm so looking forward to it! :) Please tweet pics of your trip!
FOLLOW ME NOW. YOU SAID YOU WERE GOING TO AND YOU LIED. PLEASE. I BEG OF YOU
our newest wholesale customer in canada: "I received the box. The #alpaca accessories are beautiful, I'm very happy. The design is great and
Whew, a bit hot for a seven mile walk along the canal, but we did it anyway.
What makes the engine go Desire, desire, desire.
I appreciate you!
- hi Ronald, thanks for the follow. A question: Can you suggest an Atty in nashville to take a slip/fall against Walmart?
no quakes at 5:30am please. Felt it here in SF too.
Mine too . lol
Freedom Writers does seem good. Even if I don't use it I may still rent it anyway.
haha I hope Jonathan said that?
that cuts A LOT deeper when you articulate and take it far enough to get personal. cursing just shows a loss of +
Need to get a grip on what i want and where i want to be!!! Gotta figure out my life!!
I mean in my head probably a foot and a half... real life, about 3 inches. Still big!
feeling better. Had a great first Xmas with the kid. Hope you and yours are equally well.
Clients use V-cube Seminar to market and promote their products to over 10,000 people LIVE or On-Demand.
Is #Texas really about to go to another #WorldSeries? Come on #Detroit!! Who's watching the game tonight? Who are you guys rooting for?
I'm out✌
Crazy how my family is the one throwing the dirt.
3 other Democratic candidates registered in the GAB for the #18thAssemblyDistrict. Time to continue to work hard.
A week after DiPShit whines about having Kurt Warner on after just had, he has Romo on right after Colin does
LIGHTHOUSES RULE!
What I'm experiencing right now can't be real 😨
RT AND follow back? please follow
EXACTLY!!!! Hahaha that baby needs to pop out already hahah
Wonder if she has to pay for those?
Get me the frig out of this car
marriage class? RT : Pre test party in marriage class
I'm really looking forward to Christmas.
well said
Cheering on FH Boys & Girls Club 'youth of the year' James Grubb FH High School Senior at Scottsdale regional evening.
hahaha that is awesome. and don't pardon the language!
Yea, Biggest article on the front page. I'm holding back on the twitter but please, CMF is a big deal to many of us.
& he got that get right , & showed me that act right (; #feelin'him
"Believe in yourself. If you don't, then no one else will have a reason to" ~John Di Lemme
"would it be awkward if I stripped right here?" hahah
forgot the critical #carsmayoralcandidatesdrive hash tag
Any Dragon Boaters out there? We'll be looking for you Saturday am by the Esplande(Sp) Ask Duckey!
That dream IHad last night:) oh my!
LIKE US LIKE US LIKE US!!!!
Highlight of my day: When Mrs.True was freaking out and said s**t (:
C-c-coffee
Just saw my baby boy kill and eat a roach !!! So proud!
Do you know what a QR code is? Are you using them?
Fantastic win or devastating loss. No middle ground on this one.
I wish tweets could contain gifs. Because oh man oh man oh man. I watched the finale last night and I was like .... wut... dead.
Dental, aged care focus of health budget
I dig Shakespeare.
I hope she don't start singing if she do I am leaving
Rain storm = $450 Target binge
If I found out I only had a week to live, & could go anywhere in the world,I think I'd go to the hospital cus dat sounds serious.
Looking forward to sharing info with you.
S/O to the DHS Class of 79 #gobulldogs!
'Hunger Games' And 'Twilight' Oddly Absent From Oscars
You should never hate an entire group of people for arbitrary reasons. You need good reasons-like being redheaded. That's just gross.
Well well well
good morning and and guess wat?!?!?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! xoxoxo
Looking forward to a great day at work!
Just checked out your website, Stephanie. Awesome! Thanks for the info. Looking forward to checking back regularly.
These international students kill me quit walking down the street that's what a side walk is for
hell yeah ;)
What did everyone think of our orange helmets in the Chick-Fil-A Bowl?
(He as in Laurinaitus)
Been playing around with adobe premiere, Making this travel ad. so far so good. Love the design world.
COCO LOUNGE GOIN DIZZOWN IN A MAJOR WAY TONIGHT!!! ALL THE WAY CRUNKED UP!!
It turns to gases inside and floats.Wonder if u eat alot of beans you would float better?Or maybe be just like a jetski
Light eyes and blonde hair are a plus.....but a great smile and personality should be a must.
nope, but their always tonight, that's means when I get off work lol!! I'll send one bro!!
X + REASONS WHY PERIODS SUCK. + X
oh shit. I'll have to look. Doubt it'll make it on and I know faux news won't cover it
Not what I meant. I meant like,I wouldn't be upset at you, it wasn't really your choice at that moment, it was an impulse
Make a list of all the positive benefits exercising has on your life, from giving you more energy to reducing your health ailments & beyond.
older musicians complaining that "it's not what it used to be", but never going out to hear the younger cats. strange - and predictable.
Thank you #keywest for a great show at the Gardens Hotel today! Full moon on the island...
Eta Lambda Alphas WIN!
Spent 1.5 hrs coaxing semi-feral #cat back inside. Evil ho is now cuddled on mama's lap. The OTHER mama. I am the box-cleaner/food-fetcher.
Does cinco de mayo always fall on May 5th?
Is anybody trying for a NHS leadership spot?
Photographers are starting to call and book their Photoshoots! Keep those calls coming!
Hi Eric. Are you a teacher at Germantown HS? I have been trying to reach out to that Eric Glass.
I honestly feel like some of you ninjas would die if the phone left your grasp. Claiming you don't need life support.
There are fingers coming out of the boobs of
A2: Bounce rate and time on site is huge. If people don't find what they need, they leave!
Breakfast with the one and only,
I like teachers that allow me to use my iPod during class..
At Shedd Aquarium!
you bet it does it quadrupled my Facebook requests! Go figure....
"Happy girls are the prettiest."
"Million dollar voice came through the phone!"
The Beatles <3
Luke #Babbit hires agent and enters #NBA draft. I don't think the sophomore out of #UNR is ready for the pros.
You're being naive if you think Paterno is completely innocent in this case.
. worries abt "unfair" & "incomplete" teacher ratings on Gambling--didn't bother him when he released botched ratings 2 mo ago
Why are there people out on the sidewalk holding advertising signs? When did posts fail us?
I think of a ton of things to tweet while I drive, and can't seem to remember any of it when it's safe to finally tweet it.
In winter, I remember distant fires. Got burned a few times but oh those flames.
ShaxinLove was a pretty good movie, but I did find myself explaining to students the difference between historical fiction+
Friday the 13th. Guess who's Freddy..
I've been getting shit for hating on Hanie too, looks like we're right though!
Wondering when cankles will become a favored body part.
One of my all time favorite novels. Make sure to read "On Stranger Tides" as well.
I dig it!
sorry, dude. I'm taken.
3-yr-old son just falling asleep next to me on couch.
Very cool!
Summer break here we come!!
where is the open studios thang..are you downtown?? I am out of the LOOPs!
tomorrow is monday....already. ugh
come chill with me n this weekend
Be a librarian who likes to work with students, not just books.
Listening to some old school All Time Low reminds me of summer ♥
I would like all of the dogs.
please follow me:))
i was going crazy
I'm so happy at the turnout of #fordmiamiLATISM thanks to the team & you are the best!
At the IHS football game! Go Eagles! RevolutionforJesus
Going for a run! :)
Happy Halloween
I Haven't Done My Nails In Like 2 Month, Thats Bad :/
So true. The challenge totally crept up on me. I'm totally not awake at 5am because I can't clear the damn ice on Hard. Nope.
A new three-year French/German/American in the making. New European/American stories for a new century. Create History!
I'll be there. Even guys like $3 pinkberry.
Hey, Edgar Winter just won Best Cinematography!
Going to happy hour at starbucks
The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder. Alfred Hitchcock
bored... gonna go make a music vid (:
. on personal and home movies "we've been tickling the dragon's tail for 30 years and the dragon hasn't moved"
Just submitted a CREATE! proposal for #cwcon on gaming pedagogy. Keeping fingers crossed.
Its like shes avoiding me....
If you are cold reading at a play audition & you need reading glasses, it might be helpful to remember the glasses.
Does it worry anybody else that we've had two large earthquakes that have caused significant damage on the edge of the Pacific Plate?
Big championchip hockey game thursday night and also last day at school pumped for this thursday!
We wanna use the Red camera! Any takers in the Austin area? We'll give you free pizza ;D
Edgerank sucks. Just saying...
Time to get my paint game right.
Where is the pig, where is the pig? Where is the pig, where is the pig?
Oh its a damn shame you don't live out here. You'd be taken care LOL
agree in screening our film?
The best things in life aren't things <3 I could never remember this till the day I got your love <3
Rihanna To Be The "Fast Six" Villain?
Heck of a race.
Lots of great Japanese food in NYC! Sorry I wasn't home in San Diego to greet you when you visited.
Wow reed Johnson was so close to getting hit in the face
Im sorry about that! But this quote helps summarize it "Here’s the thing with networking. It is extremely powerful, but it takes time"
ugh. that's last for me too. Scrubs on netflix is just too enticing for me to stand up and do it.
sounds like my kids!
Thanks so much for watching my videos...and for ur support!!! it really means a lot!!! :)
: "Hey Danielle I just wanted to say great job on Portal. I just finished watching it now. :)” Thank you! It was a great experience.
You here again?
RT : Amazing! Thanks
This dude getting his hair cut is so weird.. Talking about everyone he met in jail
Big ideas are awesome, but the biggest start small - "Frighteningly Ambitious Startup Ideas"
how much is this ref for the NDvsXavier game getting paid? hes made 3 completely petty calls in 2.7 seconds of play
thanks for the nice tweet! Hope to have some more posted asap to help spread more brrrrrruah! :)
I saw the space shuttle go up tonight from my house.
u look hot
Loved Hunter Mahan's swing at the Houston Shell Open. So pretttay, so prettay!
what's this now?
the hell with em!!
what's good
I've actually never seen Titanic. But I think I'll check it out in 3D!
you are spoiled by
is in trial today personal injury suit in Milwaukee County.
Hey what's up man? Saw you were a big sports fan. Who are your favorite sports teams? Hit me back!
Gucci Girl. Grab Her Hand.
On Saturday everybody say happy birthday to me and mention me duh 🎉🍰😄1⃣3⃣🆒™
In VA for the weekend. People need to start waking up though!!!
is super excited about this tournament. Yall should see him. He has the bracket on deck & all. We're definitely on the same page.
Mobile Marketing makes all the difference… Open rates for text messages are 98%, Email open rates - just 18-30%
Butchered it. I thought I was bad with quotes/names.
Man, my thumbs are tired.
I'm eating a grab the gold and coffee right now! #nom Thanks for the follow!
Good Morning !! click "LIKE" NIlima Rugs and go get yourself a cup of coffee. :)
“: #LastThursday and #GreekFest all in one week? I'm a lucky girl #pdx”
There's a slew of memorable Michelangelo "Pietà" homage covers by Marvel and DC. Batman #156 is a good one.
oh yes. Cant wait to see the lineup.
I love my baby , I love what we have and were we going . I appreciate you more than will ever know . #6MonthsAndCounting <3
Lil B wrote a book?
save me. Some random is trying to set me up with his Armenian friend. lol
Business models for mobile are still not here yet for museums -
For those keeping up...Dad had a quiet night, good rest.
she's sleeping now, but she'll b up for DD!!
#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies Have Sex In Dha Corner Where Nobody Is!
would love to do something with you soon :)
what are u doing tonight
You're a victim of the Reno food truck hype. Just pray the beer crawls don't get you too!
correct. NO WORK!
I never quite understood Hawking's paranoia about contact. Makes me wonder if there's something deeper to the adumbration.
that's awesome! Tell her that I can't wait to see her audition too for not only #HearMeWhisper but also
Follow my dawg for sum great sports insight
you need to make a Chicago trip to see what these midwest beaches are like! At least I'll take you bowfishing for asian carp!
RT : go for the 2-game sweep today. Early game on : 12:30 CT. goes for his 5th consecutive win.
Me too. ": Body feels like a giant pretzel. A hot tub filled w/ kosher salt & butter would do me wonders right about now.."
Peep show is delightfully awkward. Especially the kissing.;
I have not gotten a single text all day
hey guys!!
its a lost art.
we totally agree that racquetball is fun. how long have you been playing?
Who wants to hear a new Rubbish song?
P.S. - don't mind the mess in our lobby - good changes coming! Watch for our Tweets to see what is going on with us!
I want Pussycat Dolls outfit!! So hot!
D-town love with & #PeytonManning in SD to remember
At flanigan's in Wellington
are you attending???
A huge thanks to the over 80 friends and supporters who came to Senator Scott White's Fundraiser tonight!
GangstaPlaya143 RT : what's your aim??
I neef to get a new phone
I love what I do being on set and making magic.
Scotland Is Trying To Raise $80 Million To Stop A Famous Painting From Being Sold Abroad via
Had fun on my birthday yesterday
Lunchtime..chatting w/3 diff ppl. Thank God I can type fast. Prob is..one of them is Japanese..can't translate that fast
Because Les Mis is one of my favorite things ever and a it's a movie now. One day I'll post videos of me *in* Les Mis. Yikes!
If and ever made music together. Oh my god. I could die happy.
Fuccckkkk your opinion
Whats some of the hottest songs out right now
& nice I saw Ryan for like 5 secs at graduation but neither of you two!
weak, primo's it is then.
lol, as a Packers fan who also uses them in Madden I always think the same thing.
": I'm thinking about moving back to texas....."//sit yo ass down
You are all beautiful in your own individual way so never lower your standards.
Thanks much for the RT!
- Thanks for the follwo, fellow #twitter friend! Have a great day.
I have found opportunities do not come to those who wait. They are captured by those who attack. If you would like a fast track financial fr
Damn Chelsea has all 11 men in the box
Tonight! Darrells Tavern: Ancient Warlocks, Market: Brad and : Hotels, Noddy w/Sports
Something we're following RT : Tomorrow’s job numbers are based on hard data submitted by over 150k employers in Wisconsin to DWD
yea so your mom called me. She is looking for you.
Going back to my acting class tomorrow. Been a while...
Thanks to , , for joining today!
At the DCAEYC meet & greet with Hosana Mahaly, State Superintendent and Annette Bridges, Assistant Superintendent for Early Childhood
Thanks for the love this month! #ff &
actually we will see next round when they get put out
haha same here! At least Disney is so close I can taste it!
If today is Milwaukee day, then tomorrow is sort of San Francisco day 415. If that area code is still in use.
Come downtown and feel the energy of this City!
If it was, then I would defect.
Heard on Vine Talk: 'In 2011, wine is the social lubricant'. Btw, show was on beautiful WA Chardonnays, including Januik!
Don't go corporate, Ricky ;)
#UMass lead is 72-69 woth 1:33 to play. Minutemen out of timeouts as #Temple full court press forces turnover. Temple to the FT line.
God, family, and !
we aren't trying to just "get followers" we really want to know our followers; we are human beings selling ties, not bots :)
Hi Kelsey, can I borrow one of the images from your #BlueglassLA post for a post I am writing? Will link back of course.
I strongly believe that was their intent. Blegh.
#Florida #Gator and known homosexual Mike Rosario () set to become first openly gay student-athlete to play in
hey - nice to meet you. Hope your doing well
You got it!!
Thanks SnaggerTown for your hospitality today and being the Great Place to Work leader in Richmond VA
Wake up people!
Yayy my sister just got out of class.. Now omw to help my brother look for his tuxedo :3
Ok! Thanks! Is it okay if I don't live in DC? All my Goodwill finds are from the Indianapolis locations.
Give me the “dislike” button on the top bar
Yo I'm drinking a capairina in your honor.
Christmas trivia and activity ready to go! #christmasparty Decorations almost done too!
thanks for coming out. Now the hard work with the seminar ;-)
"anything special going on tonight at Té?" Yes - hot tea ... and more hot tea!
You can't stop Roy!
check it! : wants your used gear! Stop by our NYC store on Sat. 12/3 from 9 - 4 & sell or buy from our selection of used gear
I didn't, but I'd expect nothing less from 2012 is twenty-fifth year anniversary of James Baldwin's death.
You can't master your future, If you're still a slave to your past.
yes a long two weeks
hell yea!!
Thanks for the #FF! , , , *love* to be stalked, keep spreading the word!
like them New Orleans Dudes lol
a day off is usually never a true day off.
I'm the only person fuckin wit me
Stress over nothing -_-
eww i hate that song he sounds so stupid and he sounds like hes trying to be justin timberlake
Just now heard the news about #juniorseau - that sucks, man. Ol boy was my hero back in the day. Another genius madman down.
“The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows
RT AN FOLLOW BACK? 9 minutes till new video!!
I see sparks fly whenever you smile :)
I just want to puke everywhere.
To everyone who is celebrating #ANZACDay, may your day be field with grand remembrance and
The Giants lost the '02 Series but redeemed themselves in 2010. The Raiders lost the Super Bowl in '02. Is this their redemption year too?
went to biology prof's office for off dates She was bumpin' Fred tunes when i walked in. Priceless!!
Oh nice!!! I cant wait to break her in! Just like I did with your mom! lol
Beautiful Day in Atl
Sure... RT : . customer feedback = insights --> strategic decisions - its that simple.
#foodjustice is the piece of the food movement I'm interested in the most!
I commend the lady who is doing it! The logos so far have been fabulous.
Problems with chords, melody, or lyrics? -take a break -start another song -call a co-writer -reverse chorus chords
Pau Gasol looks like Prince playing ball on Dave Chappel;
Taking the kids back to school shopping tonight, then home by 7 to watch Big Brother 11
honestly, it blew my mind.
I have a major jealousy problem..
obviously didn't actually click the link In my post lol
The have come to play for Tuukka Rask tonight, just like the 99 #RedSox did for Pedro Martinez. Fear The Bear!!!!
Tannehill looks great as a backup. Cousins has great awareness and could be a starter.
Survived the lake house on Friday the 13th:)
Stephen Anderson to meet with Austin officials: "At a later date"
Today is beautiful! How is everyone today?
‘Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.’ ~Warren Buffett
Now that is a hard days work
Happy birthday you old man!!
You would have a book of President Inaugural Addresses. Nerd.
you're welcome. my favorite LB song is "What Do You Know". Love the country-rock feel!
Absolutely. We thoroughly enjoy the Dictionary of American Regional English.
life is a party...
at physical therapy and then at home. I'm not gonna miss a minute of it
PSA #03: Popsicle is one letter away from you know what! This PSA is brought to you by the Sunshine.
What are you doing today?
the more the merrier! You'll even get an interview out of the deal:)
the Commodore has been gassy lately.
😊😊 I so funnnyyy
Dallas TX. 48 years ago today. The memories are still vivid for me.
#DYK Beef cattle production is the single largest segment of American agriculture
New! 0-calorie chocolate that tastes as good as the real thing! ...No, of course not. But I'll bet YOU lied about the Easter Bunny yesterday
It's an old White woman in Wilcox County that just keeps up evil all the time. She needs to be more concerned about her breathing.
you're not going to sleep in 5 days. you already are an energizer bunny!
we love your cause and are happy to help. Looking forward to the art show!
The scammers&spammers r back @ it sending me DM's:Jobs where I can make thousands a day,ways 2 stop gossip rumors, & now hookups.Just click!
#WhyDoPeopleThink it's ok to bully? To make other people feel uncomfortable in their own skin?
and why do you love me already?and ok!!!
On Monday, we'll be setting up a new goal for the rest of the month. One that will let us pay the crew.
Thanks! We currently only offer sales online, because of that- we only charge a flat .99 shipping rate for ordering online!
Mornings piled up like a stack of mattresses, memories pushing at the foam silicone and causing everyone back pain.
hit up the batting cage Nyjer, Gomez is putting together better at bats than you!
Hanging with a sick kid, watching Alvin and the Chipmunks. It's not my favorite thing David Cross has ever done.
I've seen the movies! But whatever, he's happy without all the money :D
lol chill, I'm just recognizing the holiday
Just saw a pretty solid music performance, well thought out and definitely a nice Friday evening in the
#Thingsthatpissesmeofinthemorning when people open the door while im sleeping and leave it open
FInal grades entered. Reading books on Habermas and vibrant matter under the Christmas lights. Yep, Nerd Holidays have officially begun.
what's up? Long time no talk!
I think it's acceptable in such instances, to close the laptop and knock the dude unconcious.
Summer is here! Are you enjoying your pool or is it just too much work? Take a break and let us do the work for you!
Tweetie is what I've been using & I like it as well <3 the 'nearby'
Thank you for the write up!
": The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams ~ Eleanor Roosevelt" (and go after them!)
Libyians must not give up now. Too much blood has been spilled for them to give up. Gaddafi must go! And he must go now!
We have over 3000 followers on Twitter . Shooting for 5000! Come on Fuji fans!
Lone Star Beer has joined the hi-tech world! Check out the live Twitter and FB feeds on our brand new website! www.lonestarbeer.com
Do you find homes in Cumbria? Will need 4-bed rental first and then will buy in 2 years.
Big fire by Rimrock and John Nolen...
Every difficult task is a chance to learn about my own power.
I am a part of all that I have met. ~ Alfred Lord Tennyson
If lackey can hold it together BOS under 8 is solid... Also I like WNBA CHI Sky +5.5
The Bernandez Era is underway! King Larry!
Sure You Follow &
Doctors are the same as lawyers; the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too.
Hope it's teaching RM at UT-Austin iSchool--the fall class just got cxled due to "irreconcilable scheduling conflict." ?
Oh, no, that's much worse than a cold. I hate seeing nasties coming for us and not being able to duck them.
I'm so into this visual #musicstyle map! you can just pass the mouse over the styles + it will play some cool audio mp3's...
I'm pretty hyped about this hilarious and funky version of A Midsummer Night's Dream It's a lot of fun! Come see it!
Chicago comes from the word shikaakwa, which means? N.Amer for wild onions, aka ramps. 17th cent. large growth of them = Chicago
Don't start checking big stomach!
7 of us and 8 of them it's not going to work out.
haha wow that's not good
when you comin to milwaukee??
Chian See Tong we as the Y generation genuinely respect you.
Good morning Tweeps!
Danny Green, The Spurs and Tony Parker are all trending WORLDWIDE. Heck yes :]
HEY! !! Julia P along with & our other songwriters are performing tonight at in NYC Tix $7 COME!
I would gladly try it out if my university would buy one for me. As an adjunct I don't get the goodies!
What is life really about? Never give up on your dreams.....
Thank you! Yes maybe it doesn't need to be all or nothing. I'm thinking on it :-) Kuddos to your work for hsoting the class
you got me to download gif boom! It changed my life ahaha
Gosh, thanks so much!!! :)
having yet another GREAT day!!!
#askaaron Should an opposing defensive coordinators rule # 1 be: don't kick it to ?
Tax Day Relief - come in for lunch today from 1130am - 300pm and get 35% off! Must use password: "REFUND"
What we do in life echoes in eternity
Or if you're sexy
“Do it big, do it right & do it with style”…But most of all DO IT NOW! Audition for the 2011 NEW JERSEY SKY DANCERS!!
VC panel at CF conference answers overwhelmingly YES they will invest in previously crowdfunded companies
Sweatervested librarian. Bonus: with argyle print.
I'm live-tweeting this lecture with permission, in case you're wondering. :-)
Best time to be at the wrentham outlets :)
Lmao , that'd be my reaction too . XD
Ah the movie theater is packed-.-
Diva♛Illusionz mobile salon!!! Everywhere you need me to be!
Alright, 4 commencement ceremonies today and then I start my drive to #Furman! :)
nah I didn't. I saw that you DM'ed the Alumni twitter and saw it there lol
I Be Talkingg Recless To The Teachers At Sterrett Cuss They Better Know Who iAm !
Congratulations on receiving the #40under40 awards!
We are inviting all our customers & followers to make an offer of your choosing on any of our fabrics! SALE ENDS 8/27/2011! iluvfabrix.com
When My Grandma Yells At Me It's Hilarious... Imagine A Little Dog Chasing It's Tail.
it looks good, I guess. It will be another superhero movie. That is all :/
Healthy employees are more productive employees. If you want a healthier workforce, call the Y at (414) 274-0806.
night twitter..
anyone know of a place in albany where you can get custom t-shirts FAST?
It's all good in the hood.
I haven't seen the numbers but it's hard to expect a 36 hour spectating window from NASCAR diehards, much less casual fans.
what's up with the new profile pic? What are you in?
LETS GET THIS STRAIGHT !!!! I LOVE UNICORNS !! lol
I am 38 on the East Coast.
Two weeks at Toyota and they already handed over the keys to a new Camry for my first business trip tomorrow in Indy! Wish me luck!
I think it is- btw miss tweeting with you!
YOU CHOOSE OR LIVE BEYOND THE DEVIL AND MELT
If outside LA, email your best Roast on Dushocki right away for the chance to be screened at the Roast! Email
why do the cute guys are either taking or gay, like seriously. ._.
"The Artist's Way" is a truly helpful book to those who need motivation and affirmation in their #creativity!
on Justin Timberlake: "I was with him since way back. I know talent when I see it!"
you love me a lot;)
When your flight delay sends all arrangements asunder, breathe, forgive, and make a flight agent's day with good intentions.
My gut wants an Irazu soy milkshake. I don't mind that's its right.
Fox's "The Five": Takes the combined IQs of 4 right-wing blowhards to = 1 liberal. (3, if 1 isn't Greg Gutfeld.)
thats whats up! cusco is amazing. i didn't see lima, aside from the airport - which has a good selection of books.
Eben singing Set Fire to the Rain was AMAZING.
Pediatrician asked me for one word to describe her: Willful.
yes u r!
Girl it's all about the box! :D
Attention Roland Park: You can now get pints to go at Stop by on your way home from work today and get one!
A bacon mug filled with cheddar cheese...hmm...
No. Its just... 9 year old looking...
Docusearch Expands Marketing Strategies for its Reverse Phone Number Lookup with Social Media and Video
And the day has finally come ... so ready to enjoy the screening of #TheAvengers tonight :D
I finished my last science lab of the year
Nice. Thanks again!
Here are a few clues: Unlike GA, pedestrians have the right of way, blinking red means stop, and lanes on the interstate matter.
Anyone work out at Anytime Fitness in Madison? Can't find any info on the rates, etc., online...
I wish I had a boyfriend to straighten my hair for me. /:
nope. completely different.
In less than 48 hours The Clinic On Jewell will be opening it doors!!
With Kamel El Harachi, son of Dahman El Harachi the famous Algerian musician, in Paris. Music is worth checking out. Influenced many....
Happy birthday, !!!
#NYXFACEAWARDS!! my favorites are >> and >> i hope they both make it!! ^_^
Cinco de mustard
there are no contradictions in the bible . U just need understanding and that's what Pastors are for.
I've been listening to a lot of biggie lately.
nice work keeping the momentum going. Can't wait for the returned Sonics to play with 120 decibel crowd support behind them.
"Be willing to be uncomfortable. Be comfortable being uncomfortable. It may get tough, but it is a small price to pay for living a dream."
#FF to some awesome folks-
Happy Halloween you filthy animals...
did u check the music out
really?! you're so lucky! we have 23!! june 7th... can't wait!
WEAC will be endorsing Falk early next week. Hopefully they save their money for the general election and don't use it beating up Barrett.
did you just leave ?
Tk u all! RT : A great miscellaneous bunch #FF:
My jet lag driving is scary. I'm even scared. So, I believe I'll do Nashville drivers a favor & go home.
I (to Maria E.): "Go act girlfriend, go act!"
lol I don't like them... I mean, does he tweet out stuff that isn't vague philosophies about success? It's like zig ziglar
i don't know that ppl r going 2 do that anytime soon. what other solutions r there that include their specific kid?
they make amazing pets, its just a shame about their short lifespan
Murder business.
Holy crap! Two things I never thought I'd see. 's chin and 's butt!
I have been a fan since you started racing! I only want you to win! Congrats & a great tribute RIP Dan Wheldon..You did it Helio
So how's Joey Barton's mom doin' today?
If Herman Cain can be a presidential candidate, pizza can be a vegetable.
I thought it was positive she put on a good show with her musicians and avoided having a lot of syncing
Sound mix from my window: music, traffic, church chorus, conversations.
Happy Valentine's day!! Wishing you love and happiness ALWAYS!! Xoxo
DM us your contact info
Rt Nobody can go bak and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending...!
Here come the #Bills. They want to make a big trade, but at No. 10, it's Michael Floyd or Riley Reiff or...hm....Melvin Ingram.
I saw u at Barracuda in Portland, Oregon a couple years ago. Do u have any upcoming Oregon shows? Huge fan!
Yea they might talk that shit I'm the only one to get it right
I was up all night thinking about this. We should discuss and write more about this topic.
Last #BICSI concurrent session for the day. Let's see how this one goes. High expectations.
A relationship is built off of TR(us)T!
Getting energized at the Higher Learning Commission annual conference.
Net proceeds from Songs of Hope From Japan will be used to help as much as we can those who were affected by the tsunami.
A transformer blew up in our neighborhood. Power is out on our block.
Xenotransplantation as a therapy for type 1 diabetes
new follow...and new member!!!
I LOVE this POI! Thanks for RT!
at san jose airport waiting for my flight. lookin like a HOT mess. oh well.
Miami Heat goes down! May not be the best team in the east.
jordy now has mee thinkin that i should get my hair cut off
Feelin good after the 1st week. 6 lbs down!
Only takes one to slip and make the sparks fly!
Bad #karma for #Capitals as #Rangers score less than 2 minutes in. Brad Richards makes it 1-0.
the proceeds from the raffle will go to help the Smoot family Fund. Just wanted to share that awesome news with you! Thx
Yeah, not quite what my mom would want for Mother's Day.
Sweden kind of owns the D-Beat thing, right? spotify:album:09rfki4xZZqGJXGnDTPs4m
“ God keeps blessing me! & I feel more blessings coming my way! 🙌😊”
Basically RT : Instagram is twitter without having to worry about a writing shit lol
lol that like what we do in shop. But instead its inside are work mobile . Lol
I am so honored and lucky to have such wonderful creative collaborators! You all make my heart sing!
Tea parties cause Titanic to sink. When will the violence end?
I Fight Dragons is like the king of video games 8bit music genre.
Who is Don Iver or whatever his name is... Wow really Best New Artist? Hum
SMH... Black people.
PSA: rt'ing race baiting thugs for no apparent reason will be grounds for an unfollow
Mix it with some Bonilla Ice Cream and you'll be thinking about it long after it's gone...
another stellar performance tonight!!!
Finished with an always excellent Ellie's Brown Ale from I always forget how good Avery is and that it never disappoints!
Our first Community Class starts tonight! The topic: Social Justice
I meant to say that I agree with you..my sister is narrow minded at time
naptime, 100%, all the time. That was the best part about kindergarten...
Thinking I want a Faried jersey
"Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells." J. Paul Getty
COME TO COLORADO :)
and I think my sister has my phone charger so I will have to text u in the am k :)
she's a stud
We prefer the West Coast for the National Parks and scenic wise but the East coast has some great cities. What are you into?
Thank you! Looking forward to hearing Claire! I think she's got a bright future :)
Fantastic, look forward to having you in! You can check out our new menu on FB.
Disagree to a certain degree. I get some awesome checkin deals and some deals with my integrated AMEX card.
According to this nice text I got, I just won a $1,000 Gift Card.
I do not “get” ideas; ideas get me ~ Robertson Davies
highly doubt it's at family video
Good Morning to you also. Yes, #FLYEREDUP over here. Cant wait till 3.
no big sonar activities nearby I hope.
Nope but glad to hear it:P
#SMTips: Buy store brand or generic products. Many products are the exact same w/o the big brand name on it.
Playing some ball at the gym. Gonna suck it up cuz its been a min since I shot,wit all this snow..txt it ninjas
Vegan slice from 5pm-close tonight featuring !
Oh my gosh I just finished watching it and the chills won't stop!! lol!!
Watching Sister, Sister. I'm coooooll.
#hijackingTheConversation Beware of chill/dude/bro surfacing after 1st date.NY guys too read Cosmo
#sca2012 Poet Robert Creeley's email is available for search/browse in Stanford spec coll reading room. I had no idea. Cool!
Good service. I vote the girl lead singer needs to try out for american idol. She's legit.
is this Keith Merritt?
Fun night enjoying #Hardbodies at with , and the non-twittering Valerie!
The has just reported that Murray has won the #wasen race against Rossi!
so jealous. The #latenightsnack B&J is calling my name from 7-11 across the street.
Thanks! Got a few races lined up this summer and starting a lifting program next week. BEAST MODE!
“: When I was younger I remember watching two drops of rain roll down window and pretending it was a race.” I STILL DO!!!
I'm parked, about to go into Home Depot. It was on my mind, so I started googling and bookmarking articles on perfectionism in kids.
#HappyHour starts in about an hour and a half! Great drink an food specials!!
New York in 5 days!!!!
IBT Local 237 President Greg Floyd just announced on an upstate TV news interview that he will not be running for Mayor of NYC.
Are you looking for concert tickets of your favorite artist? We have tickets for all the nationwide events - Call us now: 888-493-0004
Nicanor Parra, Chilean, absurdist poet, writes anti-poems; funny and brilliant. I know you know who Portis is!
Happy New Comic Book Day! Stop in, buy some new books and check out our restocked Gundams and plushies.
Come on Revis, come to a compromise!
The way I feel tonight is like the same feeling I had on a day back in 2010.....
Also spotted in a high stakes cash game in LA this week: 3Bet pro John "The Razor" Phan sporting a 'HU4ROLLZ" shirt and a 3Bet hat!
Plus I can watch the entire series of most things, which is nice if I want to start something new and have missed some.
Happy Friday Hot Messers! Give the Mexican Wolverine a call, loved to get on show sometime!
I hate when teachers ask you essay questions that relate to other essay questions! It's like, "DIDN'T YOU READ MY LAST ANSWER, DAMN!"
Paige is teaching me how to wobble ;) lol ...that means I get to watch her shake her ass ;)
Want me to keep it 100 with you, ya ass better do the same. You fake to me ima be fake to you. Real.bitch.shit
only 1/2 day of work today - looking forward to getting on that plane to CO in 8 hours!
:Luxe Courtier vacation homes! Email-
. Hadn't heard of the E. T. Very interesting to think of how much more challenging that would be.
Omg yr embarrassing me
:) thank u god
Yes, of course<3
dont worry bout me haha RT u gonna be cakin in the club again tonight??
Lunch Time! Get a SoLo Pizza & Salad for our Daily Lunch Deal Price of Only $7.95!
Hope you carried over your Pittsburgh bad blood with you from the "410"...good luck today #23. Ravens Nation is behind YOU.
great ridiculous movie
me , tell BA that Kemp hit another dinger tonight, now has 12
Joe Paterno would make a great Catholic Bishop.
#lifestinks when your out of dank...
#Imagine you're having the worst day of your life and Austin dms you saying he loves you and that you shouldn't be sad.
Late night cocoa puffs with Nellers and Nikki yay
what does #WW mean?
so um hannah when you ganna put the tweet i told you to put?!?!;)
there is a mmj ordinance on the agenda in San Diego for March 28th. We are running a huge grassroots campaign to impact it!
People often mistake "questions" for "long, ill though out rambles in front of everyone."
Thanks for mentioning us in your daily! And thanks for the RTs
RT All my girls pretty. 😘❤
it helps when you have nothing after tho
Would you like to join a package exchange? Come on. It will be fun. :D
Working my ass off.!!
Why do people get on the expressway and act like they making love to the wheel, come on people drive, ugh...
Dear Angry Ask A Lib Patron, Important collective mandates in history: you have to buy labor, can't use slaves.
Chill. Chill. Chill. I am kidding! No need to get offended! (;
Hey! How's it going?! I'm doing great! Thanks! You excited about summer break coming soon?
Congratulations to Kathy C. from Ogden, UT for winning a free salt-free water softening system! Kathy signed up at the Weber Fair!
Why isn't anyone texting me. Ugh
wish I was there to celebrate Bandwagon! This is the first year since it's birth, that we're not playing! :(
Is anyone else watching the pitch right now?
First home bout of the season! Rhode Island Riveters against Steel City Derby Demons! March 20th, 3pm, RICC!!
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand OMG BECKY LOOK AT HER COOL JEANS prince: come on we can say butt
I want to download the newest Nerdist Writer's Panel, but haven't watched Breaking B. season 4 yet. Should that matter at all?
I have booking information for jim jones mother if you need it lol lol
Take my word for it. It's not good to eat 2 wk old turkey.
lol OH those tights.
Aww you are the sweetest! Thank you I love you!!
get up and dust off your shoulders. it happens to the best of us.
It's so weird how I can be so happy one moment and then go to crying my eyes out.
I need to get my mustang fixed. Good thing I applied at places today, I hope #LuceResearch calls me doe. I wanna work there. Meh. It's gonna
I pay a huge performance price for my habit of keeping 3 browsers open ea with 20-50 tabs - but I can't stop myself! - is this an addiction?
Participating in the #CarnegieMellon 24 hour hackathon. Will reveal our idea at some point before the end... it's devious :)
bout to start writin n listnen to these instrumentals. You?
i feel proud, i brrought austin and alex to my school and nobody knew about them <3
Lets get a win against Handball United. Not to mention win the East.
the best! Making #arlington event #PC50th a success
"Do not bring coffee to a fire drill!" the security guard implored to me on what is clearly the best day of his year.
I love my life coach/ executive dream producer SHE is my Shero!! I want to be just like her. Follow her now!!!!
will do. Will put the DH on ticket patrol as well :)
they will be 200?
have faith
i love him so much but its never gonna happen )':
2nite old school sunday inside ! video mixing all nite! Come out and enjoy our drink specials!!!
LMFAO is a disgrace to this country.
what do you need
99% of people in this world are Stupid. Luckily I'm the other 5%
BRB SHOWER :P
kaleideloops are coming!
Saw some folks bike riding, even in this wind it
44 days left till school ends !
thanks for the shout out :)
home from school!! :)
I would rather have my past then yours.
rachel zoe'e show: she is really stressed. lather, rinse, repeat.
Thought grouplove was sold out but I got tickets last night... loves me now
People talk TOO much ! 😠
Thanks for the RTs!
Love how Nick Johnson from the #Orioles walks to home plate to "I got five on it". so 1995 of him. Reminds me of high school and my Greeks
Now that's how you go out. Grace. Gratitude. Class.
Just found out what FLOTUS stands for
I dislike when a project is consistently inconsistent. It means so much more work for me...if not now, someday.
6 Ways to Build Up Your Biceps
Morning!! Idk how its raining on the warmest day of the week smh...
Ah... San Diego. Sunshine and ocean breezes. Yeah.
didnt work for NAF during the filming of the story, & he doesnt work there anymore. Dude, watch the film, you might likeit
I'm half asian n half american
Now days its all about a dollar so stop trying to knok da next man hustle. sweep around tou own door b4 u sweep sum1 elses.
Rock a Billy.
For sure! The funny thing is, my Twitter alert on my phone is the "power up" sound from Super Mario. #Irony!
From 503-million-year-old fungi to recent earthquakes: New Geology posted ahead of print
I'm quite sure :)
Richards on retiring #ROC labor leader Bob Brown: "He used to chase me all over RG&E, threatening me w everything. I liked him (even) then."
Fab Design Tip: Switch-out your pillow covers for the pastel version of the colors that you are currently using.
Just way too obnoxious for my tastes. So overdramatic, so selfish, such a jerk in just about every regard.
i have more followers then both you foos. Take that :P
“: "Hi, Welcome to Hollister. Here's your gas mask and your flashlight."”
Severe t-storm warning for SE Dodge and central Washington counties until 2:30. Hail is biggest threat. 1/2 dollar fell N of Watertown.
I would not get hired on focus.
That moment when somebody is being so annoying but you don't want to be mean....God help me!
Wow this has really changed since the last time I was on haha.. I like it!
How about Iowa State's Paul Rhoads
Thank you! I think so too :)
haha it's like when you reply to any message Pssht text
RT What colors do you want them in? ;) lol! ": We need snuggies...snail mail? ;)"
Tonight we celebrate 30 years of DFI! Here is to 30 more!
Very sorry for the weight loss tweet. We DID NOT SEND IT. Amazedradio doesn't do that type of thing.
CONRATULATIONS! How beautiful and precious is a marriage full of love, a "Fortress" for "Well-Being" & "Salvation."
Just one more example that on- and off-site backups are a must for court reporters "Stenographer Error Gives Convicted Florida Murderer...
Follow !! She is BEAUTIFUL!!
hope someone got that speech on video, or at least a transcript
THE BEATLES: THE HELP!
the answer is definitely Tebowing. I just know it!
No, Haley. But I have wondered what the heck are they eating? I saw a guy eating spaghetti once!
This is making me sick
we pull em then we pass em
For a religion so opposed to Paganism, you sure stole a lot of our stuff!
Happy happy birthday my friend!!! We will celebrate Monday! Hmm, then maybe #pie after :-)
I wish some of new fall shows were better: New Girl, Whitney, & Up All Night are not all that funny yet. Hope Zoey D. does not fail me.
unmmm I was way late on that joke
If you like me here, you'll LOVE following me at !! Follow me. I follow back... I swear I do!
I'd like to run for president and just campaign in American Samoa and Guam to win their delegates.
Aphorisms about assuming and making an ass out of everything are especially true when you're making assumptions about SAP.
excellent. Hope it turns out to be a productive correspondence & panel.
Now yes!
nice display picture! :) it so awesome!!!
Mar 25, 1942: Dalton reported "good deal of anti-PM feeling in Tory Party but no answer as to who might replace him."
Whats going on with the Yankees this season! There not steady with the wins!! =_=
I hate my windshield wipers. On a better note... Paying bills is so much fun. Yayyy.-_-
Cool ! Let's catch up for happy hour sometime.
thanks! :-) Feel free to send promos to . Cheers! -CK
our kiss still burns on my lips, everyday of mine is so beautiful.
When is honda
she spelt my name wrong
Studio Session @ Platinum Room Studio...
nothing too new, but at the grackle (best ribs ever) and are great! Happy eating!
I am not about to get in his case lol
Earl Thomas
a couple friends of mine told me last night they're planning a trip to ca, and wanted to know if they could hang out with you lol
"You betta take yo ass to tha sto' wit that." Watching Boyz In The Hood.
It's a beautiful president's day in #Atlanta! Take your dog(s) to the park!!
Valentines Day Rate $69.99 and a special gift at check in. Mention Twitter Valentines Day Rate Special when booking
Another #Haiku — One, two, three, four, five | I can hear you mentally | counting syllables
On second thought, I shouldn't ask people what they are having for lunch until after I am doing eating. I want pizza now. Fail.
- or put another way - the wiring is different ;)
Anybody know where I could get some paraquat. I really need some for my ex boyfriend right about now.
TK421, do you copy?
follow back? Its a good Idea you have
Please turn back and realize who really deserves you, I miss you so much. I wish we can go back how it used to be I Love You <3
Thankful for the parking deck & covered walk to pick up kids today!
Augustana on my grocery store radio. <3
OMFG the Avengers was FUCKING GREAT!!!!
Think it might be an issue on my end. I'll look into it more and let u know if I'm still having trouble. thx 4 the response!
hot beats
Lord I hope it do not Snow That much
Wounds fucking hurt...
don't wow me, he's better than Travis Ishikawa
Just tell Chris . i think he will be txting me tmr... and after freshmen, i will transfer.
Someone stole my pink Post Its. Really?
i had no idea you had a thing for Kathleen Hanna..that feeling is mutual
LSU introduces ex-Tiger player Jones as new coach
Just as guess but the farthest from the left is you Bill?
Girls don't ever tell your female friends you and yo man sexual business, even your best friend, bitches are sneaky
you're quoting the Dead?!? Mashup?
text me back :(
I have had a slow start to my Saturday. No calls from work, No texts from work, just a quiet Saturday morning. Love it! :)
Nice! What are you pointing to in the photo?
2012 Grammy Nomination: Vocal Jazz - Roseanna Vitro - The Music of Randy Newman !!!!!
Like my facebook status' earlier? I gotchu
I just met Holy sh*t!
Why do so many folks flock to bad movies?
"I like you.I like you.I like you--but i really want her.."hmm where is this from?
I hate when people tell me I'm too old for cartoon. No ones too old for cartoons.
SAMMMMEEEEEEE I'm so proud to be a fan girl makes NE smile everyday
Change it from philadelphia flyers to philadelphia giroux thas the only good player they got!
There Was a Brain Went Broken
Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
Breaking Dawn is scaring the shizzz outta me right now.
lol I don't know how many times I've gotten up and had someone request a seat change to my "lucky" seat
RT : “: "Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you were." -Cherie Carter-Scott
We established tonight: zombies are better than dandelions. At least zombies stay dead when you cut off their heads.
You may be plentiful in iced tea, warm weather, but it's gonna take a lot more than that to win this one over.
More appropriately "Wish" I could see the #SBOE docu and "can't wait for it to come to Texas!" : See 4 me at Tribeca!
New plan for practice: Swim for an hour and walk to . It's been a long week. :)
Last week to claim #Boston #Sales Guy off waivers. I'm not the guy with a whale on his shirt, I'm just the guy who gets the whale:) New
Sometimes, when you give up on someone, it’s not because you don’t care anymore. It's because you realize that they don’t
There is the most fabulous woman in a wheelchair on my train right now. Seriously. I kind of love her and want to be her bff.
ha! I just fell out my chair laughing because should have included a disclaimer like other CE. I have nothing 2 disclose except...
Did you like that last scene? Huh, did you? Tell me how much you liked it.
Loving the sun here, it's about time for it to come out! =) Can't wait for a long weekend of sleep... tired from AP test still... =P
you can go diving in your yard
thanks so much!
Who's trying to go in tonight? Lmao
Profan releases are quickly becoming my favorite things to listen to while working on philosophy
I'm a nerd at heart<3
Dear weather gods, please don't rain on Preakness. Also whatever god is in control of this, don't let anyone throw a beer bottle at me.
Very proud of Sarah Mensah. Rose Garden full of giving people in support of NW Autism. For love of Davis and all children.
sure what do you wand Jess?
Finally back in Miami
communication is a very important thing. I may be a bad speller-- but if you don't try... I just don't give a fuck. LEARN SOMETHING!
SEO keeps getting harder... seek help from pros~
Don't leave me here alone.
echo park lake
Happy Friday! We hope everybody has a great and safe holiday weekend! Please keep in mind that we will be closed Monday. Thanks!
#churchplanters Don't go further than your prayer life. If you do you will lose.
The deadline for regular submissions ends today!!
Sheet yeah good stuf y'all can't wait to tear it up wit' da POSSE!!!
Dear San Diego, you just received a good free agent software developer... who needs work done?!
Sunny (FINALLY) in Austin - this is a very cool town ... SanFrancisco meets Texas
TRU needs some volunteers for tomorrow's audition event. We need people for the morning shift. Contact me if avail to discuss compensation!
Just got an email that my shipped!!! Yayyyyyyyyyy!
Risky move Instacast 2.0, taking a feature away and putting it behind an IAP. Not sure it will pay off.
I wanna go to New York tomorrow
eventually. now that people identify me with that tintin cover, I'll have a hard time not repeating it.
after is done with class and I'm down for whatever y'all want.
So don't change accts., just delete the joke acct. and let the current acct. take its handle.
fingers crossed!
Jay-Z & Kanye West- Niggas In Paris
Thanks :) I hope so...it's a long shot so we'll see
Just arrived at Fox 6 wakeup. Waiting in the atrium
I'll be there for the high school band camp! Can't wait to be a part of the #AOB! got one more year! I love you TSU!
i'm not following anyone that has if that's what you're looking for lol
Happy Labor Day!
I wonder what my life would be like if I had made a different choice.
S\0 yesterday somebody said I looked like you what an honor that was.
Happy Tuesday!! Wait...who am I kidding? Tuesday is such a lame day of the week....
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. -Mark Twain
Wow! Gotta say this has been the best week. Kinda nerveous today. #talentshowtonight. Earliee dismissal! :D
Have you checked out Join.me?
Is it pathetic that I am totally psyched because I found a really cool screen saver for my Mac? I'm such a dork.
I work next door to Boudoir Divas
ahorita van a pasar el comercial d hunger games, Avengers, y otros en el super bowl.
Damn that Wizards of Waverly Place and its supernatural powers that make me stare blankly at the screen whenever it airs.
Hahaha, I've had that happen too! Definitely an awful feeling.
Practice makes perfect, but nobody is perfect so why practice
Sir I'm a huge fan!!! Started listing to you when I was a truck driver. Of course it was at night in sat. Radio in repeat.
Getting ready to watch the #RevolverGoldengods awards :D only on
I'm beginning to think that it's the other way around. These hips don't lie. Thanks for the support!
All my followers plz follow she is my cuz, she is lucky bc I'm famous, keep up the followers and I will keep followin bak!!!
Coaching's going well. Schedule's not jam-packed but working on it! :)
“God doesn’t give you the people you want, he gives you the people you need
Butler opened as an 8.5 point favorite tonight against the Green Bay Phoenix.
Dont Miss! What I Love About America on youtube,amazon.com,itunes, Rhapsody,Napster,CD Baby,Lala, Cd connection, Iphone Music, google more!
I still have to do homework ...
If Katy Perry had said no... Niall wouldn't be in One direction. </3
try-ing
7 exes ! with Vegan! Vegone ! be gone! yeah! milk of an animal ! strength of love is not effective !
A little perturbed by the people from the other 28 states with marriage amendments, including California, taking pot shots at NC.
We had a great time at #Chilibrew in hampden last weekend. Looking forward to summer fun, food, an baltimore night life this summer.
General subjects or something techcomm related? We had a dunking booth on campus today. If you answer incorrectly. Splash.
#OTRC Gary Goldman really needs that Oscar. Don't make us riot.
This is true! I had a change of heart after I moved to Mke and decided to go back and get my certification in grades 1-8.
“: you look like ur about 20 or 21” --- u close but you'll find out soon
When your change up is 90, you throw gas!
Yea he told me that. He went to the new SMG studio.
i'm always curious when a west coaster has a draw to the east. I mean.. Why?!
How many pairs of shoes did and bring to Vegas
we all know that's not true lol
Didn't you learn from not to make silly predictions against the CATS, put that in blood!!!!!!!
get better I love you and you still look amazing when you are sick!<3
"#greatapes are on the brink of #extinction. The fate of the great apes has great symbolic implications..." greatapesroad02nell.pdf
Even Racheal Nichols knows your a sidekick.I hope Delonte is giving it to your crackhead mom real good.
Do you think M83 is being supported by a group of Victoria's Secret models on this current US tour?
it was brilliant! And now they have a completely clean slate for all new "original team" movies! Thanks for recommending!
Join in following and supporting their Lawrence, KS area #DV shelter !
come bring me that elote from your pants.
RT : Have you heard the big news? Milwaukee is going to build a new stadium and it's even going to have a roof!
Tell us, what is your favorite holiday movie ?!
Thanks for the sassy new birthday tshirt- PROFESH SUCCESS
don't worry, you're not the only one
I made it my business 2 always be there 4 u no matter what.. G'Morning Tweepz
Honestly I dont care if I go platinum or not I got a beautiful Wife and Kidz and dont wanna tour right now ANYWAY<< Tourin sux>> U aint kno?
I hope you survived! :) “: I was just harassed by a swarm of sneezes.”
Before I die I am determind to go see the Concentration camps in Germany or where ever they are.idk why.but I want to see them.
I think my head is about to pop.
WOW! Amazing fan page you got going on for Mr ... Have been very busy and haven't been up to date!
Ta ta for now twitter.
I don't understand this. Is it really a fire-able offense?
www.miamiherald.com/2010/08/25/1790858/this-is-who-we-really-is-glenn.html -- This is who `we' really is, Glenn
get a pimp number 12.
#inhabitation emphasizes "the material rhetoric of abandoned houses" -- a belief in "thingamajigisms" --
That is rather hilarious. I didn't know. I may have to demote Game of Thones on my Netflix queue for that.
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE KENTUCKY WILDCATS! (Well Done). My bracket didn't do amazing but I picked you to win it all.
Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose!!! <3
it was awhile ago I got those bieber cases, maybe they don't have them anymore.
Made a chai banana milkshake after lunch. It was like liquid banana bread. So tasty!
BELLADERMA BEAUTY BENEFITS 2012 Annual Membership ONLY $50! Call now for details & save on all your skin care needs.
The most provocative name in the industry...CG Philosophie- The Cerebral Approach to Fitness.
Are you Team Mole or Team Captain Justice? Only way to decide is to see #MenofSteel Visit midwesttix.com to reserve your tickets!
Thank you girl and I hope you and Chris have a blast at the derby😊🐎💰
we are shortstaffed now. Is he saying which positions?
Drought or flood. The only shades of grey are in our books apparently.
My brother is so lazy
Sweet! I figured as much. :) Thank you again, I really appreciate it.
As a musician/bassist my job is to make/create music, not to "analyze" musical trends....this is simply what I do!
Four bomb threats today. Guess I'll be having French at my professor's house tonight!
Keep calm and get yo' butt in rehearsal, son.
Why do people hate Friday the 13th? I was born on the 13th, pretty lucky for me!
put your hand on her thigh.
charlie murphy can tell good stories lol
I think channel 192 is the nhl radio.
hahah I was thinking that as I typed to tweet
For some reason I kinda want to install FreeBSD 9 on my netbook, just to try it out... Sounds like a fun little weekend project!
Just sayin' RT : Dearest Client, Feel free to ignore what we have to say if you don’t mind consumers treating you in kind.
You can get the #Facebook Recommend feature on your Page if you have a physical address identified in your Info section.
"I do." 2 simple words that changed my life forever for the better 7 years ago. Danielle Sayre, you're my best friend & I love u so much!!
Thank you!
That hologram of tupac almost got me
"what about pinterest???"
Don't get in the way of ur happiness. Love is real. Love is true. If u keep it real w/ me, I won't block u.
Trying to find out if I can still participate in #THATCampSE? I just arrived in Atlanta, work in DH
Slept good..ready for this day full of relaxation..no exams until next week..
True love requires two hearts
aye imma be at the meet but I'm not runnin' . So FWM while I'm there !
I just got done playing that! It pisses me off too much!
Selena Gomez conjured five wins at the Teen Choice Awards - one more than boyfriend Justin Bieber.
Love working with amazing clients like the ! Are you following them? They are doing amazing things! Get involved!
Go and purchase the book!!!!!!! Amazon.com BarnesandNoble.com LuLu.com GET YOURS TODAY!!!!!!!!
Check out our latest tweet to see how we used their donation...coming in handy!
. He missed the point. WAR is allegorical. It's about a Star Trek fan (Reese) choosing btw TOS (Kirk/Pine) and TNG (Picard/Hardy).
Success at the gym: check! Sunshine: check! It's been a good day, all day :)
Congratulations to all of the graduates!
....Dove Style Magazine Launch Event on February 4, 2012! More details to come!
arw thankyou. I wish you luck&hope everything goes well for you&your family
Great interview at Tip Top Atomic Shop this afternoon. A fun Bay View business now 10-years strong.
Tonight is here! 888-64-FUNNY for tickets.,
the Thigpen in KC that Gailey coached would be fantastic. The one that played briefly last year would not.
I still don't know anything about what is happening.
Congrats on your new baby!
What's going on with you musically, when are you coming back my way?
That would be an "impermissible benefit." RT somebody buy Watford a clue
I am so ENVIOUS! London-yay! How long does it take you to get there? Enjoy, enjoy (and please let me know your adventures!).
Giants Baby Ya!
it WAS cute parent and kid had passed by at least a couple hundred feet and he was still looking back
thanks homie. We gotta look out for each other when we make it big
Do libraries have a right to lend e-books? Seems like a tough argument to make.
Probably. Your advice stands for those who aren't 100% comfortable walking in to a place of business to sell yourself to them.
Slaughterhouse hammerdance bitch!!
Q6: be an overachiever without stepping on toes and soak up as much as you can.
how did you get the zebra to sit still for so long?
It makes him feel hip. Let him have his moment
Thus the contract impasse. Tough to put a value on such untraditional production
RIP MC-A
IE Wanderlust~~ Typical for Jen Anniston movie. Guess Spring Training can get dull BUT aint there any topless bars in Ft Meyers
your friend is a liar
Wait, who is this guy???
. I started #takecaretuesday as a weekly reminder to make/renew commitments to yourself. Lots of ways to put yourself first.
I never said that Rand Paul had my son's blood on his hands. Paul stalled Hr 1254 in 12/11. Max died in 6/11. However
NO I'll give u something better.
People who moved to Oregon in 1860 were pioneers even though Lewis and Clark got there a half-century earlier.
Totally agree!
Booking shows for 2011
I just saw you in it :)
Can you share with those of us who unfortunately couldn't attend?
Hey followers! Keep an eye out for a contest on Monday. The winner will receive a pair of tickets to #OpeningDay Game!
Sound of My Voice was so good. Pairing it up with Another Earth would make an excellent double feature.
so to remedy the situation sings your name.
If your wondering why i act like this, itzz bcoz my attitude is based on how u treat me… N rite now im being treated like a piece of SHIT…
sure will, thank you for your support and for the tweets, you rock!
The first and third people to correctly answer today's #trivia question each win a $10 #SUBWAY gift card! Please answer only once.
I would LOVE to play halo live with one of the BOYZ so I could beat them! lol
help alex get #rocksmysocksoff trending <3.
OK, after this song, we're done with Chris right?
Aww Missed A Part Of The VMAS
Rise in taxes, airfares hit tourism - The Hindu
I'll Have Another was my second pick! YES! Haven't won since Fusaichi Pegasus.
Thanx to Houston ive been forced into becoming a Nascar driver... These fks cant drive worth a sh*t
Out with some sexy bitches
Dear Genius is one of my all time favs!
I always laugh when that girl from the stupid commercial says "latte plese" in the french accent. OMFG LMFAO IDK WHY DOE
I should have been home by now. Instead I'm still sitting in the airport. Ruminating.
You're both so kind. Fan status reciprocated here.
It was a small container filled with buzzing bees
I wanna cry we had that one #game7 sounds like our bag
I didn't like going back to school today. May need to start a countdown to the last day of school.
Whores will be whores...
No, seriously, who wants to join my Joakim Noah Pizza & Guns Club?
I stay in cali..In the valley
If you're in the UChicago area, send us an e-mail or tweet! We're very accessible! :)
For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. John 3:17
That feeling youu get when your crush calls youu "babe".♥
It's barely 8am here and I have 4 guys lined up to breed me today.
i'm sure there's at least one dude in a pinstripe hoodie
:( you'll be okay!
I don't understand how some boys can sag so much... It's like their not even wearing pants sometimes........
Whataburger breakfast yum
I swear to god that big ang's twin from mob wives was on my flight she was just like her in every way! So entertaining!
thanks for the invite shit tooth
just heard say "hell yeah... I'll take it any way I can." ironic? nah.
Dallas/Fort Worth. But if he could find a good opportunity we might move. He has a few contacts at Telltale Games in San Fran.
GOD FORGIVES I DONT
U.S. Stocks closed higher Wednesday, helped by an upbeat start to earnings season, following a string of declines.
heck yeah lol
thanks for the note. Sounds gr8. Couldn't direct message you back. How should we link up in Phoenix?
Gawd dammit. It's more difficult to find an affordable pair of men's leopard print loafers than I thought!
If Your Day Consist On Worrying About What Another Person Do.... Kill Yourself
is the fucking best , i love this guy ;)
Almost #HH folks! Who's trying to catch the game? Hit your nearest #Bartab venue & DM your email I'll send you a drink!
can sum1 tweet me
Really? That sounds so tempting...
Happy Birthday To Lil Trill (:
Because you didn't txt me im probably finna fall asleep RT : I only said dat cuz you said goodnight, u fina stay woke?
Is that at OU?
Skinner points out that born-digital newspaper content presents major challenges--we don't even know what we want to preserve!
thanks love :)
Man I can't wait till football season
I am movin' and groovin'.... That is, when I'm not sleep-walkin'! Lol
beautiful day in NYC.
u r so nice nick(:
Bald headed ugly ass little girl , always staring at somebody
#Cincinnati #Reds on the radio, listening to the sounds of Marty and the Cowboy. A good day at the shop indeed.
Thanks for the kudos! Cheers!
RT : DORROUGH DAY ONLY MENT NICK TREY'S PAYDAY!!!... CLUB EMPIRE TONIGHT!!!...
S/O To My Haters!! I Will Never Fall No Matter How Hard You Pray Cause I Am A Living Legend And When Im Gone I'll Be A Reborn Superstar!
practiced with all 3 bands i'm in this week and played a show tonight with soulfly. also have a show next saturday in akron. i hate music
It's #nippy outside! Yikes!
Crowd of "designated cheerers" on S. Bayshore celebrate every runner. Wish they would mix up their cheers. Every one the same. Boring!!
Wife and I both LOLed when he said that... (but I was secretly worried it might just explode). But I thought he was just confused.
u should quit everything and move to the mountains
And we hope you enjoyed it....
I don't promote myself very often, but I'm pretty proud of the new song by Thesis Project. Head to my facebook to check it out...
Future ; Neva End . . On #REPEAT !
Snack Words release candidate is out to beta testers.
Grown up concerts are funny. People sit, eat popcorn and there is no pot smell.
Shooting hockey today!
Thanks so much for following me! I followed back.
Long story.
Ugh... still having issues w/ even after cancelling and going with - they're like a bad ex-boyfriend that keeps coming back!
this bitch I work with
whoo! do it
#100thingsilove 2; I love everything about him, more than words can describe.
What am I doing for lent: Giving up Facebook, I'm going to talk to people less, and I'm going to paint more
I miss the hand wave. You could Clooney wave, maybe.
Review: This feeling of peace continues through the entire book, even when the active is thick and heavy. This was such a treat.
I think my tongue has gotten longer. Is that possible?
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose
The band from Puerto Rico' slogan was "Puerto Rio does it better"
Don't feel good :(
Am gut laughing. Porn lawyers fight Cali law as "unconstitutional" since male "actors" must suit-up. Ah, the irony.
One of my new years resolutions: To break the 10,000-tweet mark.
In Seattle prisons, the leading female gang is called The Sisterhood of Aryan Pants.
Yay! more hidden treasures in the garage. 2 typewriters. Royal and Remington
Probably more important than that. :)
I didn't think about that ugh
": Handing in your final and giving the professor the "Aaron Rodgers Belt." TFM."
Pretty much living the day with a phone attached to my ear. I've spent most of the last 7 days talking and listening.
THAT'S THE BEST PART RT : and I just wished each other a Happy Mothers Day and we aren't even moms. lol 👍
Was at The York in HLP last night...good beer but not worth being talked down to by bartenders. It's Highland Park, guys...NOT Silverlake.
this is a nice surprise. Something worth watching while setting the bar up. Thanks.
Curmudgeons can be interesting too. i always enjoy reading him.
I probably would have argued that. lol
RT : #ThankYouSteve #CNNTonight RT I found out that Jobs passed away on a device he imagined and engineered. He will be missed
I'm so bored
ohfertheloveof.... Sports media really needs to get over itself with this moralistic faux outrage
Disparate Youth - Santigold
yo is there gonna be any open gyms this summer?
Jeffrey standing and talking about how anonymous door knocker pressured him to "rescind" his signature. Asks how did they get my address?
Paranormal romance is the urban fantasy of romance genre.
When I get off the bus my best friend says bye. When a popular kid gets off the bus, the whole fuckin bus yells bye. I feel the love.
Of course! :)
it;s never too late as long as you take four or five shots before 12
#Amtrak I will be embarking on my cross country journey to #Portland #Oregon and I'm looking forward to seeing the heartland of
YOU WISH
I wish they would bring back them old Bermashave signs along the highways. They were fun to read and sometimes interesting!
you would still date me huh? Lol
WTF. it says you are in manhattan?! and yes,
I'm in the studio during road trips. But we don't do our show when Peachtree tv covers the game.
We are looking for the hippest online Muslim fashion and accessories stores in USA & Canada please suggest them here!
Computer Games is my favorite album ever!!!
Wondering what my #photographer friends think the best ultraportable camera is, for when I can't carry my DSLR. Any advice?
Call daddy
#Friday the 13th. Can pull covers over my head or laugh all the way into the office. I choose the latter!
- You know it!
Happy thursday! Just one more day till friday.....yes!!!!!!!!!!
One thing I like about where I work. I get to watch people run into glass doors all day. It says PULL in BIG letters for a reason!!
just Achilles stuff from this spring. Still not "right" so dr. wanted an MRI.
That is truth! Proverbs 4:23 is a big key to healing. Good one!!-:)
Awesome interview on CNN tonight! Bravo Bravo !
Thanks for following! I hope you enjoy my work.
Half days make me feel accomplished:)
The Observation Deck will be closing at 5:30pm tonight (Friday) for a special event. Sorry for the inconvenience!
u should follow my friend her name is
The difference is that we'd be drinking Cantillon if we went now, not that Jupiler piss.
Okay, these new scenes feel a little more natural. Getting back on track.
drunk munchies?!?! Hahaha!
Wish my life was like a movie...
Rochester veterans and friends of vets, email to have your public comments added to the Nucor House hearing tomorrow!
About to start packing again with the lovely
May is Health & Fitness month! Check out our Highlights Page for fun ways to stay fit and active with your students!
lol,I tried on a pair of skinny jeans too... Couldn't get them over my ankles
What the hell was was i thinking, picking WVU?
In a day and age where news travels instantly, its remarkable that President Obama & govt officials able 2 keep Bin Laden ops a secret.
"You're not going to be scared of it forever. Someday it will stop being so scary. That's when you'll know."
... "Yea! What a man! Glad he came to the rescue!" UGH. I'm still mad and it has been 3 days.
Sorry #Starbucks, Leonard Cohen's (or anyone's cover thereof) Hallelujah is not an Xmas song by any stretch of the imagination.
The age in actors on #PrettyLittlethings ranges from 4 years old to 60+
Five New Films Announced as Part of After Dark Action
Dr. Conrad Murray! Found Guilty
why do beautiful people stress so much
“No one really listens to anyone else, and if you try it for a while you'll see why.” – Mignon McLaughlin
Just rode the air-bike for 30 minutes; can't wait to get back to LA for hard core workouts!!
Shit happens, just flush the damn toilet and move on (eww lol)
We're from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! In the USA!
The hits keep on coming. Burning the midnight oil tonight.
So, as a consumer, if you truly believe you should be able to buy a new vehicle below invoice think again
Lakers just ain't the same without Phil Jackson.
"The Help" would have won more awards if Emma Stone's wig wasn't so bad.
You totally should do something with your life. RT I'm gonna become a costume designer. Everybody digs them in Hollywood.
Last 2 weeks were pretty slow...
who did that? Plz tell me it was a joke.
on the blog same link as yesterday
you look like one of my cousin???? ASAP
sending love your way. Hope everything's OK
Is this OTH's last season?
Full of the other team's fans?
THIS IS IMPORTANT!! Be My Valentine♥? c:
I'm in the auditoreum Beyond Facebook & Twitter. Def. cookies, next! :)
We're so happy to hear you've enjoyed the performances! Thanks for using ShowClix :) Have a wonderful holiday!
One cat just laid on my face, another got underneath the covers & laid right next to me. Ugh #annoyingcats lol they don't ever let me sleep
Dear , Why did you make watching video on demand thru Comcast so painful? Couldn't finish 1 show too many commercials, no FF
happy mommy day
how is Mikey playing?
One word: Inexcusable
nice picture lol
Tell me you fuckin with Smack & URLTv next month g! Crazy ass battles comin up...
After staring at the ceiling, I decided to get up.. Oh Mondays...
A week doesn't go by where I don't see something on fb makes me say "What the fuck?!?"
Little orgasm sounds coming out of your mouth when you're looking at Vinny's new photos!
I can't sleep. Ugggggggg we got skool morrow great...
I really can't be responsible for anything my husband says on social media. cc/
Goanna take a nao then drivers Ed later(:
And while we are at it should liberalize immigration rules- welcome ppl “: US should offer asylum to Chen Guangcheng and family”
Kudos to Nick and Anaheim North for making good out of a poor situation. First class!
Better take that whack shit to WYCO!
That was a long day
I know! I love Eleni amd Marrah so much, they're funny as hell!
Ideas are worthless without action. Today I take inspired action on my ideas.
together. Hm? All the ppl who hated on her would regret it.
we share a birthday! Happy Birthday!
Wrapping up at
lol bring them to work:)
We will be doing some free face painting for superbowl sun at Golfernoggins 1-3
goldeneye00086...gmail if you can still send them.
A leader is someone you would follow to a pace you would not go to by yourself
Foster's home for imaginary friends!
your b-day is on the 8th!!! Mine is to :)
Hm, let me think about that......
Are you guys playing MP3 already? My copy is getting delivered today. I'll be on later for sure!
i hate walking the dogs -_-
Girls freak me out -
Sad. “: Agree. Unfortunately I have friends who've fallen for Focus on the Family's deceptions.”
Don't be surprised if the heat lose
"Information is not knowledge." ~Einstein
Lol they were playing with Miami or another team?
da fuck is this class? I learn nothing . dumb bitch .
Just "imagine", possibilities, "it's easy if you try; no hell below us; above us, only sky..." Happy Birthday, John.
Congrats on #Impasse being funded!
LOVE U SHARON!
dude i am way to tired dont evn listen to me
Lmfao this is funny.
I missed your tweet spree earlier because of a rehearsal ):
my mom told me to follow my dreams, so I made a twitter and followed you<3
I'm making super dark chocolate ice cream with a hint of cinnamon. That's how I do.
Getting no more than 3 hours of sleep all week is starting to catch up with me. Definitely planning on catching up this weekend.
Patience young Jedi. Wrapping takes skill and strength.
Fraid not. I always end up missing those because I work on Saturdays. Lame.
Thank you all for the #FF last Friday! Have a blessed week:)
Why is it so hard to get to follow me!?
yes u do , stop it!
you watching she's my friend in my head you know!!! :)
Ugh ! I would love to punch him in his face rite now !
i hate history movies ;p
Sounds fascinating. I love novels set in the civil war period. Look forward ti reading it.
that's a no-go for me:(
It's time to go through the last thousand tweets or so and pull some lyrics
Yes sir. Amazing
Meant to re:running team before. I'm unfortunately not the runner; lifetime knee problem, no running dr's orders. Wish though!
RT because their fans got the nerve to be talkn shyt. No fan of a team who only won 7games shall speak-__-
As far as I know, it only happens once a year- Mick Sterling and the Stud Brothers at Bunkers Minneapolis Tonight!
Went Vlogging this week, check it out, it's the first of many!
The avengers was an amazing movie!!!!!!
Why Is it hard to say Thank you - when someone actually gives you a compliment - people start to explain why they don't deserve it !
NO! don't hate it! maybe they are just close friends!
looks absolutely NOTHING like that grandma. Your gran totally did! And I'm sure you were a little pumpkin once...! :)
"If dignity was money, you could maybe buy a soda."
Might go back to sleep.
agreed but this is more for if I do things for work, not for my personal branding. Don't need my 4square checkins/etc included
Metro Police arrested Bryan Clay in the April 16th double homicide of a mother and her daughter.
RT A six-year old just told me, "Did you know that when you are sad your skull is still smiling?"
Thank you. How did you come by the name MusicMuse? It is wonderful.
Hell-o from Cash Mob Tucson.
Hmm... Interesting start for the
Thanks! I found that personification amusing. As if..! Not on libprof AFAIK.
hit me up over email. info -at - delofted -dot- com
Oh no I'm sure he's expecting a monetary gift for his great achievement & The Hubby is his godfather as well as uncle. :)
Who feels like #SUBWAY for dinner? We have subs, salad and pizza. Come get your favorite. Eat fresh.
my dude is coming back to life!
Nothing worse than being jobless, broke and without A/C. I wonder if employment in London is any better.
BREWERS WIN!!!!
Disagree about #athiesm. A cult requires a belief - not the absence of one.
I do? bhaahh you could be a model!!!!
Everyone always talks about the early bird. How about the early worm? How'd that work out for him?
WHOA #1500SHOWS! DANCE IT OUT! OH YEAH!
Preston Dynasty Realty... Live the Good Life!! Powerful and Definitely Rich!!
The Question... Sometimes I wonder who the eff I am. My voice sounds mad raspy right now. Hahaa
- It's snowing over in Catonsville! Luckily, it's bringing people into the library and right to our volunteer table!
Instant FACE formula just add Brodus Clay
All black leather chucks #taylor'd
JavaScript Olympics Tip #2: You should be able to select every tenth matching element.
Turn that thumb upside, plumb!
It's time.... I know it. Time to kiss the world all over again ! ;)
Well looks like I'm up
RDVOers you may want to follow:
Listening to speak about social media ROI
Crazy bitch on steve wilkos show -.-
I mish fish
I forgot, smh
That leg of yours better be pretty long… Remember, I didn't say anything. Thought it, that's for sure, though ;)
You Are an amazing artist.!!!! I love your voice, i hope Lady gaga hears it.!!!! Je t'aime.!!
Oh hey! Thanks for following me!(: <33
YEAH!! Feeling good today. Summer is gonna be good. NEW. Changes. Good summer :)
Hey! Guess what? I've landed in Chicago!
The world sees you as you appear to be; God sees you as you really are..He sees your heart & He understands your intentions.
Thanks Ray.
yeah hurry up. VIP treatment is hard to come by
:O #BrittnyGriner holy moses!
best of luck man
New video up on youtube
i am!
Have you heard of Isagenix? We get lots of ladies that fit beautifully into their bikini from it! Right ?
Feel free to bring your mustache and join us on our adventure to see the Avengers lol
seriously??! Well happy flacking birthday!!!!
just don't take a picture of it and then post on twitter!
tweet tweet tweet I don't know what I'm saying either but I'm for sure on twitter
Oh you don't give head huh? *hangs up* *deletes number* *unfollow* *unfriend* *report spam*
That's a dope team! So excited for you all. Have fun and kick ass.
thank u!! omg we havn't tlked in foreva!!
did he say anything at the end
Hey Hawthorne Burgerville is serving up some great seasonal items...drop by and find out what
SOL today and tired<<<<this isn't gonna go well.
Like I'll literally give someone gas money to bring me from the Nawf and back to mesquite, cause I got shit to do.
You have it in stock?
#ThingsBlackPeopleSayInArguments You saw a vampire? You hittin da pipe again? Swear to god you never see the kids again if you on dat pipe.
I knew you'd eventually get revenge on me for that peeps comment.
thx for the acknowledgement. Hopefully 2010 will be a good year for them.
Happy Mother's Day!!!!!
Thank you Pinterest, for allowing me to steal all your Valentine's Day ideas. Oh happy day lovers! xx
Thank you, thank you, thank you & This Episcopalian writer has been recreated.
Hall: If we want a different kind of university than we have now, we have to accept that we (academics) will have to change too
Young children learn incredibly quickly by following the example of people they admire. Have you read with a child today?
Oh really lol
Love you♥ :3
Thank you for Following!
yup mine too! Even better to me than the 96 team I think this team was so much fun to watch!
Wad Up Fam
Any West Des Moines tweeps know of Crossroads Elementary School parents who are upset over a video shown by a sub teacher? DM me please!
Thank you! We'd love to send you a FREE sandwich/salad card to make it up to you. Please DM your mailing address.
Neck pillows should be SMALL, not big! Comfort is not dependent on how fluffy your pillow is, but highly depends on how it provides support.
Children, remember to look both ways when you cross the street in Park Slope. You could get hit by a jogger.
are yall still going to din din with us? :)
OK, the #Vikings are three the easy way...Morris Claiborne or Matt Kalil or Justin Blackmon.
Fuck the giants.
You're welcome my EbrotheRRRRR
is such a force of nature, he just makes seem like a genius... <g>
Happy to spread the word on the C.S. Lewis. I have a worn out set of the Narnia books from my childhood. It was a favorite.
FYI u also stream when u r on break w/o audio nothing major happened ;)
Deadmau5 creeps me out
where at?
How can I resist that? <3
Movies and Four Square
In the 2nd biggest Easter miracle ever, my amazing boyfriend James is finally on twitter !! Never thought this day would happen
CAN I LIKE MARRY HIM? LIKE, RIGHT NOW?
Welcome 2 fabulous las vegas
When I need peace and quiet, I put my phone on "LeBron Mode." No ring.
Happy Friday everyone! Hope it goes by quickly so you can start enjoying the weekend!
you think I should join GM for grad school?
What do you think of this Edmonton announcer Corey Graham? He thinks Oil Kings are angels and Hawks are ruthless Tweets outrageous
when crystal castles starts your shuffle off, it's going to be a good day.
Last 3 days I've been engulfed in the book Operation Family Secrets. If you're Italian, from Chicago or like mob history I urge you to read.
Mike Tyson just cursed on MSG. Too funny!
Good to hear! Well you've got the summer coming ;) RT : Aww..Hey Nena! Wknd was nice..didn't get to have Tequila shots tho lol!!
Welcoming to Twitter!
Thanks for your interest in ZOOMERS, boomers with Zip! Use the term in reference to Active Aging with the following citation: www.demko.com
oddly enough, saying "Matt Morain" 3 times out loud works just the same.
No, I get it, I was just responding.
Interesting - in effect using other human filters to filter for you :)
That feeling you get when 'he' talks to you about another girl. </3
NOW THAT'S IMPRESSIVE lol
make me feel bad. Like I need help in the department. Oh well, I just saw that Mattel came out with a dog collar for your dog so that it
They.changed.the.twitter.app
Recognizing where you are is key & tough RT : "Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
Al im saying is... I don't like hypocrites or bullshitters.
Looking for Tools #engineers for studios. C++ a must, C# a great plus!
Sad state of affairs. Peace in the streets now people!
nigga buy some from me c;
idea; ride/drive the white rim in southern utah.
Taking out publication for me as a designer!
Okay. $500. But I get a 10% for every week he lasts beyond a year, maxing out at $1,000.
Sometimes it takes a good fall, to know where you stand.
Yes, A weakness of Wordpress is that it doesn't let you see the tweet so that you can add hashtags. Don't know RE: scoopit
how am i "trippin"?
Hope all goes well at SXSW!
IS AMAZING AND BEAUTIFUL,AND VERY TALENTED.tHATS WHY I LOVE HER!
Getting Even
I think I have Twitter fever, have been so busy this week but all I have wanted to do is get on Twitter.
Look forward to the virtual participation!
NOW OR NEVER - Hot music ALERT! Hear a clip of the new B.o.B./Taylor Swift track at the link! Let us know what you think!...
I love putting soda in the freezer until it gets just cold enough to ice up a little.
I like the way you guys organize!
i emailed mine to you!
League of Women Voters debate unfortunately, I don't get to speak since no primary opponent
Happy to see Wyoming beat
I'm a rich nigga so I need a rich bitch.
That's what I went to. I said I was at a 2 but they guy said the tapers I had were some cheap in correctly labeled
Hmm... I only recognize "Killing in the Name". It's a shame that won't have pro guitar.
thanks , now I am craving Apple Pie.
teaching this AM about missions... what is your mission in life?
So happy that my room will have an AC next year! Also living in the best dorm building on campus #Caryquad. Do you agree ?
Resident of Cedar Hills since 1996. I can assist you with home search and referral in Iowa. When does hubby start new gig?
I just heard 's blackout on the radio!! i stared singing and dancing :)
check your phone
To Slightly Injure a Mockingbird
Weird! I thought I did!
thank YOU
Pinching myself, watching City and Colour soundcheck right now. You're in for a real treat tonight, Milwaukee.
Scissors?! That's as anachronistic as filling out codesheets by hand, which I understand they also used to do in ancient times.
Can't seem to go to sleep
I need a new apartment checkin name for my new place on cap hill. Suggestions twitterverse?
At the Biggest Loser Casting call for my station. Amazed at how many people are smoking here.
how you feeling this morning big guy?
“ “ I'm not addicted to texting. I'm addicted to the person I'm texting ♥””
i keep asking everyone all these questions & their getting shitty af, but aye i gotta know
be strong ma, be strong
And you Tasha... Please, be okay...
ok so let's see..start putting a dollar for every bad word we will be #millionaires lol
: Thanks for great convo!
Looking 4 partner 2 be on-the-ground organizer of Taste and Tweets. Want to partner? www.TasteTweet.com/MarketDirector.htm Plz RT
RT Our George Lopez Celeb Golf Tournament was a major success. Thanks to all of our amazing sponsors!!
then you have every right to call him a wanker, no?
hey Ms punk
where are you in Phoenix .hope your having a great time here .
And , I'm tired of being all alone . And the solitary moment makes me want to come back home ..
yes, agreed. I like her much better for you. You have my blessing and approval, lol.
Thought we had skool today
Unless that advantage is clearly earned, which is why regular season scheduling must be the sport's top priority, hands down
blehh haha yeah you definitely know it! :)
smh @ my slick ass baby daddy
Speaking of new places to publish, download new issue to see piece from !
I had the wierdest dream about brayley . haha. But her name was hannah in my dream. Lol!
lol interesting , Im not for that life of quizzes
I don't know how to do half of it and I can't find it in the book
"if you drink beer, and you're a band? we're gonna be fuckin tight friends" - Fieldy RIP old
Stop trying to stay in the picture if you're not needed.
Smith: noted life sciences depts were impacted by increased enrollment, tells students to speak up to notify depts to up sections.
ran 2m: ran/walk 1m. After being sick on and off for six weeks (2colds/stomach flu) I'm back on track - 6 mile goal.
What could the candidates possibly have to say tonight that they haven't already belabored to death?
FWIW, I teach a Tolkien class. Most of the class is usually female.
Tweet us your questions for our video tip of the week, coming out tomorrow!
You say u "love me" prove it. Kiss me in the rain and make me lose it<3
#MUCat drag and drop on this version of Blackboard! Ooohh. Ah.
good work this week.Now we have a sick addition to the place. It couldn't have turned out better.
exactly. And the limited sharing/importing options - not quite perfect. Thanks for letting me know abt the other apps!
yea, i'm getting off
QoTD: "One should examine oneself for a very long time before thinking of condemning others." (Moliere)
Lmao RT : : sitting in the Paranormal Activity theater right now...I have a diaper in case I crap my pants.
Happy Mother's day! Thanks to all the mothers who pave the way, and all the hard working single mothers. Nothing goes unnoticed.
My dog seriously takes up 3/4 of this queen sized bed 😏
Hate, hate, hate letting anyone but Rodgers throw a pass. #packers don't need gimmicks. That 3 and out is on McCarthy.
that's awesome. I just need to get hooked on water somehow. Some mio or something.
ABC still on commercials FML
don't have your number my # is 304-669-3470
Go be surppised if I rip my gloves off and mess your face up!!!!!!! And then going to see the girl and then GETTING SMASHED! Wot a weekend:)
When someone says "If I had a nickel for every time I heard that." Interrupt them and say, "You'd still be poor."
Great Job #BigBlue!
how is it?
Going to see Kylie Minogue at Hollywood Bowl ! Great tickets. I have been waiting so long to see her. So happy*
I KNOW): I looked for him too and couldn't find him
Let's return the Virginia State Senate to a Republican Majority Vote #GOP on
I read you like I wrote you myself. Goodnight/Morning SA
I've been following you on twitter and your career on twiter. Congrats on the callup your a class act on and off the field. Enjoy
Would u list players twitter acct's and FB pg's in your program 2 encourage engagement?
Ew this guys toe nails are mutha effin long. I think im gunna throw up.
Follow 1 of the best hair stylists in the DFW---->
stay in school wit yo lil kid ass
practice went well today. i hope everyone is ready for our shows! new faces. same sweet tunes :)
thanx for the <3, what's cookin' on your end?
poor Jen she cant get Twitter. She doesnt understand it. FB is about all she can do.
#Ringer is back Tonight at 9PM after a crushingly long hiatus! Right after an All New #90210 at 8PM!
#SignsYouLostAFight you limping backing to your car to get your gun.
""Up...blessed....thankful....humble...Goodmorningg””
follow us babes(;
Ugh, let me go to England now.
lol so you meh on the whole thing
Holy cow the Holiday World & Outdoor Adventure Rafting tickets sold out FAST this morning! Check bk Mon mornings @ 9 for a new allotments.
Lol, go ahead.
Our pleasure. RT : thanks for spreading the good #spa word!
"you're" and "your" are NOT difficult to figure out!!! Use YOIR fucking brain because YOU'RE a fucking idiot!
Thanks to the IRHC Officers for the beautiful flowers delivered to our Call Center!! Your recognition is greatly appreciated!
Rain cleanses the soul!
As long as my wife gets everything her way,on her terms ,you'll never find a happier or more contented person. Why is this? unravel,yah
But I vowed never to watch that garbage again... Then again, that garbage (you) will be on the great Tonight Show which is great.
Love what you're doing!
FYI: Add a FREE shot of espresso to any drink, through Sunday! And get some iced coffee, that stuff's amazing...
watching nationwide qualifying
Earth Day 2010 bringing SoCal SUN to Washington!
no bueno. Go eat something, where you at?
Starving. Pizza or wrap ?
The Irish ignore anything they can't drink or punch.
There's something about driving down the road with a good song playing in your ears.
it was so good to see you for a bit! Drinks this wknd?
must confess, I bought it in October. Hehe
Woops... Meant "of" not "on" RT : I hope the state of history museums is better than that on military history.
good luck!
Thank you so much, Patrick!! It was a good day...
Yeah, there's a costume contest. You see a lot of wedding dresses at the race. I'm thinking of going as Squidward.
sure. wanna grab lunch at beezzee? Euro cafe at Sheffield and Diversey?
EVERYONE WEAR PINK FOR JAELYN TOMORROW . <3
but does that get docs in board?
Rain poncho?
Hahaha yeah!! I'm like freaking out now lol X)
Eleanor Roosevelt kept busy with the "Over the Coffee Cups" radio show in 1941. "Get More Out of Life with Coffee."
It's already been 2 days. Since I smoked a cigarette. :D.
im not following but I still se his tweets on my timeline?
watsup shoot me a text....four one two..four five two....two seven zero four..
The walls around your heart may protect you from situations and people, but they close you off from your inner guidance.
A man who killed 2 people in FL & threatened to kill executives at an office in Framingham was arrested in Louisiana Wed morning
Not that there is anything wrong with that...
The writer is delegated to declare and to celebrate man's proven capacity for greatness of heart and spirit~John Steinbeck
your going to love it ! You should go to ratemyprofessors
Aramis Ramirez plays like a Cub. Remind me again why The Crew signed him??
dang it!
WIZ SAID "U CANT COUNT ME WITH THE LIL NIGGAS NO MORE, WE MOVE LIKE WE GOT DEGREE FOR THIS SHIT
"My future's so bright I gotta wear shades, niggas hating on me.. cause I'm bound to get paid" -
Spam messages xD
I need a job and I'm not gonna stop looking til I find one
lightweight lol. Have fun
I totally agree! It was totally worth the pain on monday! (And I totally got a major thigh/butt workout!) HA!
Fuck g shock watches for not letting me buy the one I wanted
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. If we are to fear anyone, it should be God. We live in awe and aspiration of Him.
Overhead business students talking about paying taxes: "It's weird. The more you make the less you get back."
“: Texas is by far the best!” Whys that?
LIFE OF THE CLUB... ARROGANT LIKE YEAH!
thanks for sharing :)
Haha, I got in trouble in class for punching the book once. Ha. I hate it that much!
Happy Friday! Any big plans for this weekend?
See what happens when you give power to those dumb shareholders? How can #Citicorp #Pandit support his family without his $15 mill in pay?
Hi I am still waiting for my bag and going to the desert 2moro. How do I get someone in Cairo to answer the phone?
Don't know how many black people I'm offending, but I don't care; Red Tails was over rated. Good concept, good theme; bad story line!
no they de-aged him 10 years
Wow! How can some people bad mouth a player like that!
Good Morning! What are you looking forward to this weekend!
stabbing pain in my ovaries. tmi?
Love yah too, thanks for all of your awesome support!
I am going to make this wonderful week count for a lot.
Tumble kills my battery so fast and that kills me.
i am so bored i wish my dad would hurry up and leave so we can tinychat
So I'm also realizing that we can only lend a few books such as the classics. I do have a few of those, though.
Damn I love me some
happy birthday!:)
Riding aboard for our Defining America trip through Texas! San Antonio, we're bringing and , too!
Wednesday morn I'm on discussing summer movies. Tune in! Also, what color shirt should I wear? Leaning toward mocha.
Bosson: is there a way to draw HD 63 without going over to Santa Rosa?
ok im gonna help u promote this so ill post it 2
cool, thanks!
hey girl! Doing pretty good!!(: how about you?
Be Blessed...God will work it our 4 u!
Going for a walk :)
Aww...tehe i knew i'd get something from you before we left forr school, then you came back in&we talked again... #ItsASign !!(;
I get to be fat today two people got me breakfast and made cupcakes and another friend got me red velvet ^.^
Thanks to Jessah Foulk in Senator Herb Kohl's office for her (and the senator's) years of support for !
Good idea! ;)
A3: Leadership is a performance. You have to be conscious about your behavior, because everyone else is. Carly Fiorina
I want to slap you so hard across the face! Just to hope that you'd wake up and realize what you're words actually do to me! <//////3
Can a meat free diet be a healthy one?
Have you seen the mural by Fuzzy Popcycle? If not, then head over to our Beachside Cafe booth to check it out!
My bad day was getting better but now it's torn down again. You guys are in my thoughts and hopes. <3
In your lifetime you have accomplished so many wonderful things. Today's Text You "I am a GREAT SUCCESS!"
Just found out my cat has Cancer.. :'(
George Zimmerman thanked his "supporters" for vandalizing OSU's Black Cultural Center - what a terrible awful evil thing to do.
year strong just on today fm. Random surprise for the drive home haha :)
Time Magazine covering
Love this: "The Dream Team" on NBATV 6/13. Footage of Chris Webber & Co defeating their idols/NBAers in a scrimmage. (via )
Who figured that out?? RT Nightingale poop is used in facials in Hawaiian spas because its urea softens the skin.
“Thank you for such a wonderful experience at the Dosha. I love my hair so much more now. You did an awesome job" LOVE these comments!
follow me
I mean don't take it to the asscrack
STOP LYINNNNNNN KID
It's halftime & #SportingKC leads 1-0 thanks to a goal from , assisted by Bobby Convey.
Houston for now. NOLA Friday morning. Can not wait to get back!
Agreed, I'm flying in just for Tuesday's game!!
Started scoring another short film last week, but it's off to E3 today!
I missed the screenings, like a dummy, so I might have to actually pay for this one!
Getting ready for bed & reading the tweets of
Sorry Pat, beat you! But you can have my extra ticket 😊
The secret to the perfect ice cub requires that you use hot water and a calm hand to transport the tray to the freezer.
Merry TITSmas everyone! The #UT football season starts today!
No other answer necessary RT From a boat with a cocktail in hand!!!
Can't believe it's install time at the VAC again!!! Looking forward to the upcoming new exhibitions!
great tweet!! And so true!!
7-year-old handwriting included ;) Thanks again for helping us have some fun at
happy birthday(: sending you love and peace today(;
yo u look so pooped on that side of the bar
We on the road to Waldorf. Gig tonite at the WOW. Be'la Dona hits around 10
Want to read The Drowned Cities, Anna Dressed in Blood, and of course, Bitterblue.
Interesting article, thank you for posting.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! Y
I did not choose this life, I was born and this is what I am. I wanted what every man wants, I just wanted more. I'm a lion in a man's world
Working on trying #MeatlessMonday. Omelet for breakfast, veggie burger for lunch, and salad for dinner, most likely.
hope your doing well man. Ill be out to L.A. after I graduate.
Go Hogs Go!
NEED: Exceptional individuals with Student with Disabilties certificate and conflict resolution skills for an SOS Teacher position. DM us!
sounds legit!
s/o to the weekend ily
today = total concentration and productivity
CAN'T WAIT TILL
11:07pm and my dog is ripping around the house chasing cats through the windows. TERRIERS!
Considering god doesn't exist I find it funny everyone puts soot on their forehead in hopes of salvation
Our customers have been able to create custom apps via our APIs - D&BDirect
I can't read your tweet. I just keep staring at your avatar.
unbelievable . I tell ya..
If you are going to try my recipe for 'Boiled Chicken in Under 10 Minutes' it's VERY important to use a pot that flushes.
Lots to celebrate today - Cinco DeMaio, 1month until the election, and (most importantly) about 2months until my brother comes home for R&R!
Tennessee was fun! Got to play in the snow on the mountains! :D
My arms and legs are like noodles!!!! Thanks Zumba
had your #glutenfree #peanutfree SEA SALT CARMELS - the first time ever 4 this flavor due to allergy/intolerance- yummy- thx!
Where is the benedryl
Now fully up and running, ROMANCE SPHERE THE ONLINE MAGAZINE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
“A gentleman asks of himself, the small man asks of others.” -Confucius
I'm hungry I need some food!
How can you go wring with Flavor Flav?!?!?!
ROTFL....that is so true TEAM!!!
I wish i had some nice fashion pix of Kim K ... that would be fashion funtastic !
Just read blog post on becoming your own technical co-founder. Thanks for the words of wisdom and possibly a nudge...
Last Day to get the Grasshopper Shake. Tomorrow a new month and a new special shake - 'Black Cherry' Blossom!
I hate it when that happens. I hope you find them soon.
cooking 101 @ work rice and ground meat + squash + green stuff :? :)
or "holograms"
Man the offense looks bad right now.
Jacobs suppose to finish recording next week you know what that means. *Cough* #EP *cough*
has a very special guest #Shaquille O'Neil in the building!!! in Paris #Las Vegas
Bruins "top 6" you are breaking my heart right now
I don't need you. I just want you.
Austin has a dog and two cats. RT if you've ever seen them on Ustream!
I'm glad Twitter's back up in time for us to woot woot the TD!
great! Enjoyed hearing your insights at the last
Omg this is so hillbilly
Man this world is just about all the way screwed up til its scares me to watch the news. Im not lying
A brand for me, what is my unique value proposition?
Rain! Last measurable rainfall was on December 18th, and that was only .11". Should have 3 days of rain next weekend...
or subliminally fitting
I want to get the socks he wore more than a jersey! Those were sweet!
ready for the FSU upset of Ohio state once you get there???
UGK hold up
Tonight we have the #trailerparkninjas downstairs w/ Check out the NEW upstairs w/ ... rememeber tom is
I need to order that new one u showed me this wknd
RT : On #BWEChat tonight we're going to talk about Twitter - is it turning into a link farm? Join us at 9:00 p.m. EST
I am exhusted. And its only tuesday
My colleague Maria Gäde presents her work on multilingual access to #europeana now at #etech11 - interesting results from log file analysis
It wasn't my fault, you know that.
Hey, editors: dust off those "Austin Powers" headline variations!
A coup? Gimme a break. Don't try and romanticize this Ryno screwjob.
excuse me, miss?
Southern Comfort the Musical won best off off Broadway show!!!
WH meeting was about “moving backward in a way that increases [joblessness],increases the deficit and higher taxes for the middle class”
I lost 2 followers. Who are they??
Nope, datasets should only come in tweed
#MoneyNeverSleeps #ScaredMoneyDontMakeNoMoney ! RT : Thinking about taking tonight off. I can use it.
Resource poor can occur in any country, definitely bottom billion elements occurring in the US as well.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 34
I hope .. We will see
What you stealin boxes for? You trying to build a clubhouse?
Same Plavix commercial at the same time on both CNN and CNBC just now. Creepy, and am now wondering where I can get some. Guess it worked.
national cable news reporting from Long Beach which is good but local news has better updates from long island
Check out Friday.
I share that fear...
My pool needs to be opened asap
yea we did i was driving crazy tho shit i dodged like 3 possible accidents lol
Very excited for my first visit to The Ransom Center at UT today!
My farts sound nothing like my couch, which makes it really hard to disguise them sometimes.
My Phone Need Love.
Did Lebron make an offer on a property in Miam? Hm? One has to wonder; who leaked this information?
Paperwork complete! I am now a volunteer Hospice Austin massage therapist. Feels good.
what going on
Getting ready for the Happy Hour Party won by Ms. Dawn Pettis! Drop your business card for your chance to win!
Long 20 minutes ahead.
I support all my followers... #team follow back..GN
exam loved your article on the contact lenses - eye health is just as important as seeing clearly!
I just watched Khloe & Lamar for the first time. I shouldn't have done that because now I feel stupid and scared to take my final tomorrow.
its the inside of my blender lol while whipping it
#nextironchef I'm shocked Marcus and spike are in the elimination round!!!!!
debate hosted by Seattle Times and City Club starting at downtown library #seamayor ^ap
good luck! I need to do that soon too..... maybe tomorrow :)
#Score Time
Welcome to One Georgetown: bringing neighbors together.
What happened, I was playing Doodle Jump?
ok great so ill just go into a bar and ask the bartender where I can get some 12 year old red breast. Uh oh
yeah, this was our down year. Watch out 2014.
I am thinking about getting a BMW 116i for a new car!
Another long night ahead on top of another day of crappy naps.
go bang jerrica
Life is sometimes like filing for bankruptcy, forgiveness is a fresh start.
#Hispanic community needs 2 DISOWN #GeraldoRivera, talking bout Black & Brown ppl need 2 stop wearing hoodies
need to differentiate your brand from your competitors
#chatcrashers club w/
Once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you.
Great design starts with listening
Great to "see" you. Let's set time to talk soon.
U had this shit #Clippers Its alright! Come 2 San Anto
hahaha screw you!
Hey Sunset Loves! If getting in shape is your New Years Resolution you NEED to call my pal !!!! He's the main man in the gym :))))
what u mean G u said u want that opportunity n I got it for you?
im down
you girls are too much. I actually Got lost at mega walmart.
OUR PLEASURE TO SUPPORT YOUR BUSINESS. WE ARE COMMITED TO IMPROVE BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS.
Again I got in the shape I was in the picture with cardio and loss very little muscle mass while on low carb.
Softness can't bear the weight of ornaments
Always keep your words soft and sweet, just in case you have to eat them.
full of dangerous wonders
Its a Wonderful Life is just the best.
thanks for the RT Amanda. Hope all is well with you & the family. Planning a trip to London in autumn & hope to see you.
Thank GOD it's Friday!
Good question...a parallelogram?
I wanna live in California.
I hear that in my family, too.
#Chiefs Rookie Camp. Poe had a lot thrown at him today by Anthony Pleasant but if he keeps working and listening like he did today +++
very excited. saw that post when CC made it. Emailed it home so I can check it later. EXCITING.
This. #ReasonsILoveTwitter RT Im wearing a Red Polo to my visit in KC today. Is that a little too obvious?
Can't wait to work with my babe in the a.m.
love it!!
Seein not making it 2 the finals of #DWTS was as nerve breaking as the last play of SB XLV At least 1 of them had happy end
- Slowest bus ever.
^You will bring them in and plant them ⁰on the mountain of your inheritance— ⁰the place, LORD, you made for your dwelling, ⁰the...
Oh how I love. LOVE<3
Gotta come back big time
You can be anything you want to be. Don't let the pressures of society tell you otherwise.
Absolutely, & that is my message. I often wonder if those society refers to as "Special Needs" are in fact the angels among us
Saw Somn From #oomf. That Made My Day When I Woke Up. I Really Miss That Guy. Bet He Misses Me Too
let's go to destin
Tenured teachers & congress. 2 places where low public rating & poor results don't matter…
Remove me from your list
OK, I think it went pretty well
“: The Average Human Body Contains Enough Bones To Make Up An Entire Human Skeleton.” who knew??
About to die
#moms #dads One Major --MYTH-- about #school BULLYING right out in front. Number One "It's just kids being kids"
ahhahaha I think you're right :)
Held #oomf hand on the ride :)
Best of luck to all the hunters. Sitting this one out.
follow these tweets
A tough game is 72-73 quadruple over time thriller an embarrassing beat down is 40-60 L
My but and legs are sore...
Jumping over to public websites w/ Dr. Greene. #lma12 - Brand Driven Websites.
I am not..... Unless you can change mother's mind..
It was me. I wanted to add an "NT" after the "S" in ur twitter name RT email got hacked, probably my facebook and twitter too.
Yes please! Your desert photos are so incredibly stunning. Are you in NYC at the moment?? Please say yes!
Yea you know I got that purp
Buzz building in weather circles for possible presidents weekend snowstorm. Still need to see how it evolves, but pieces are in place.
My lil girl call me last night an said I miss u when u coming back
What channel is the man utd game on tweeps? USA
" , , and competing this Sat !" Good luck!
lol you'll look funny I bet, but it's ok ;p
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in awhile, you could miss it. -Ferris Bueller.....Bueller?
Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty. -Gandhi
“: We all have that one friend who's still a virgin.” we do?
Be nice to yourself today.
too far :(
HS senior Megan Parker is talking about her work with at-risk students & #MyIdea grant. "schools are for students."
Batch and focus: group subjects/tasks together for better success and focus. Batch by their brain power.
RT : Without a plan for the future, a person will always return to their past. -- AR Bernard
It's Kevin Smith: Burn in Hell and it's on Netflix streaming. Totally recommend it. It makes me wanna hug him
Everybody used to be careful about what they posted, now everybody is wreckless af. I hope it doesn't bite us in the ass.
Currently skeet shooting. I am currently very good at it.
No idea. Mystifying. Hopefully we get to read it sometime.
Hey Ivan good luck tonight against Baltimore you're one of the best pitchers on the
#SchoolMemories That awkward moment when we were playing "Name that song" & the teacher plays Fergie - BGDC & I was the only one who knew it
radius clauses for festival tours suck. If I'm not on tour I'll definitely be at the show
follow me back like now! lol
My Christmas present for today.. Heat game :)
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others. Audrey Hepburn
I ♥ EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme!
Child of the Rain...loving the rain back here in Nashville today!
I understand. Important to think about why/why not, and not just jump on bandwagon....
#Earthquake in Central #Ohio! My whole building was shaking. Yikes!
I agree. The meatballs are ok. What do you think about the prices? I wish it were more casual, takeout or just buy at counter.
Dude fuck this
What really makes people different
I'm staying home today, yaaaay c:
I just typed "tradeshoes" instead of "tradeshows"
That's cool. Have you tried soundclick or something like that. If you go that route just make sure you tag you tracks.
seniors Crystal Quire, Hayley Hoback and Alyssa Frommeyer are the latest additions to the Topperettes Dance Team.
early leaving ass...missed the count down. Smh
Im tired but i dont wanna go to sleep :(
Instead of a bath,I've invented The Total Pet Spa,keep them clean at all times, w/o the mess and trouble of a bath!Who likes this?
how r u today
The multiple #Springsteen tweets in my timeline make me wish I was in DC tonight to see
it might be time for a sequel to "The Man With With One Red Shoe".
Have you heard? We're open on Christmas Day for breakfast, lunch and dinner!
#RIPWadeWilsonSwifty :'( how did he die?
Its crazy how yo own family can bring yu down n smile in yo face
talking everyday to not speaking
Spending the afternoon making homemade lasagna and coffee ice cream for tonight.
where u at
My grandson won me a down Packer jacket on ebay for just $25! It’s NWT (that means New With Tags). I can hardly believe my luck!
": Miss you bro!!!----->“ same brother! Catch up in 2012! Texas Forever
I'm srsly dying and dehydrated but I hate water ew
Ugh. Why so sleepy today?
great reporting indeed, especially just returned from country where such controls are nil, can't take for granted
aight imma download it right now and then go on freak mode!
So bittersweet...thanks so much for the kind words.
Prayers go out to the Philbin family. A parent should never have to bury a child. So sad!
I'm sorry my life isn't perfect.
it is, in fact, THE Ohio State University.
Someone come drink their face off with me! I am a lone ranger right now.
I don't know why I pick #Georgetown to go far in the tournament every year. #PatrickEwing is NOT coming through those doors any time soon.
Are you guys in NY yet?
Have I told you??.... I hate My job. Playing with in Huntington at 830. Come down and Check us out. IT's FREE :).
Actually really happy for early game 7 Sunday, I'll be down in CA for a wedding on Sunday but wedding doesn't start til 4.
So far I only have 2 ladies planning on going tomorrow. Lets please go to this show even for a little while.
it be like that ALL the time!!lol
A gorgeous day like today deserves a Caipirinha. Made with fresh lime quarters, leblon cachaca and simple syrup it goes down smooth.
Wanna see how its done watch me do me LOL
Bout to read my bible #GN babes
Just updated Twitter page.
Everyone knows what we say for Tuesday right? Taco Tuesday!!! So Sit-Click-Eat Get your Taco Tuesday On! www.wausautogo.com
hey skip, FR again. I just wanted to say good luck this week on the show. My bucks did great... Against Akron. Love ya man!
thanks so much, Kristina! It means the world to me that you enjoy my work!
Happy Birthday Marshall!
i like pizza as a kid, i like pizza now. NOM NOM NOM
Happy St. Patrick's Day Everybody!
looks like theyre trying to make the palomar mix a twice weekly or daily thing. if it ever stabilizes i'll let you know.
#Latism is the 3rd largest community on Twitter. Combined w #topblogueras it will be 1st! Powerful voices! We want to meet u!
I know they're called shorts, but shouldn't they at least cover your butt cheeks?
Proofreading calls for dark chocolate.
I hate big Ben.
What are you guys hearing on Mark Lyons?? Would be the missing piece
Make sure to pick up a fresh copy of UWeekly tomorrow for your chance to win a FREE tan from Savage Tan!
lol she liked the mystery alot but left the room during the rape and revenge scene lol
@ KENS-TV w/ Cynthia Hamilton of for morning show promo of #BITP2012 Bark in the Park/Perrito Grito
Happy National Pie Day!
But Im Ready To Go Home Tho
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 21
love you too : )
Eek, I'm loving it so far!
Omg its getting so low
Got me a summer job!
I can't believe Michael was bumped from the top five by Mason… Mason? Seriously?
Don't front nigga you know you want these goodies RT : Yeah see i don't like your balls! Your not my type! Lmao
Thanks for the follow David, you guys rock the house in Dallas!
Nice tittes. It's sad that a mans boobs are bigger than mine. Sad face :(
soon as and I wrap it up. We picked this critical / busy week to add to our critical state of mind.
RT Hey China dolls, get Alexander's accounts and up to 1 million followers
When are sports teams going to realize they have to stop positioning themselves as branding plays and start putting fan affinity to work?
Ha! LaGuardia is def in the running, too! RT : And nastiest airport Award goes to:Houston-Bush intl
Clickbank Success Tips - How to use Internet to Make Money Online
Come get to know
#onethingilove : competitive swimming
If Dr, Martin Luther King Jr. was alive, what would he be tweeting?
Monta has become what the Bucks traded for him for.
So happy for you :)
#listeningto Turn To You by :)
Q5 Kindle for me but i would hate to implement Kindle use at a school it has been scary watching amazon handled the situation
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama <3
That way I got to watch all of their apperances on that day and listen to that cd nonstop. It was my mom's b-day too so
how full are the servers cause i cant login i get error 37
His plan has been better than everyone else. Tax increase for the rich and companies. What have you done?
its pretty hot over here omg this is crazy... Where you from?
One of us will be tweeting from this account during the show. But just in case follow our personals.
My biggest dream? Be followed by Austin and meet him :). Oh, is your dream too? RT :)
Wow cody simpson was amazing had a great time on tuesday. These girls are vicious but it was worth it
i want to go to sleep but my shit load of homework won't let me.
Youre more then Welcome Cheri
Empowered by intense acknowledgment & epiphany. #gratitude of relief in recognition."
RIP Dick Clark. The art that would have gone unknown without you is staggering.
Watching 's new stand-up special on ..one of my fave comedians!
Why is Andrew Luck at #Penguins game lol
Single on Valentine's Day? Come party with Casual Encounters/Missed Connections on the 13th- Tickets are just $10 bucks!...
so this white dude walked by me and my bro smokin and said i smell poisen ivy
Wishing you could take it all back
yes tragic and wish they didn't air publicly these things
What kind of specials are around town tonight for people in #Madison looking to watch tonight's #Brewers vs. #Mets game?
#20ThingsAboutMe i black out when i get mad n dont remember y i was mad in the 1st place and who i was mad at
Hoodies=best thing that has ever existed!
can't wait to see you at #tasteofdc !!
": #MLB Spring Training games start this weekend!" That makes me so happy.
it be the best present i ever had and promise i would try not to touch your ass if you dont let me lol
not sure how I'm JUST discovering this but is pretty darn cool...check it out. awesome
-- wow, youre getting very eco-political
Lukas! I've been wondering about you but couldn't find you. I was misspelling your name. You don't use this much, do ya? ;)
What would it take to put more on the ground instead of cars? Serious question.
Bucky's on a role! I have #marquette and #wisconsin in the final four. Yeah, I'm a homer.
I love #TheBandPerry the lead singer is so pretty!!
There are real numbers and there are trophy numbers that we hold up as successful results.
Yeah, I just dont really know how to do it cx
come visit city bible church again soon! :) we miss you!
Menomonee Falls FD says brush fire at Lannon Rd was about 100yds long. Could've been sparked by train passing by.
dude, Dalai Lama is packed up, can't you break away?
I don't want 2B in control. I'll leave all that hard stuff 2 God. Yet, I'll take responsibility & hopefully choose wisely each &every time.
Noticed that too! ": So far 2x Watson references at #whatsnextdc - I'm keeping track."
I woke up once in the middle of the night standing in my bedroom handing a book to an invisible patron. I hate dreaming about work.
I yield the field to :-) RT : Or take mine. showdown!
is he POTUS or a prof fund raiser? Maybe he should put those funds to the debt he created for the US.
Heading from California to Florida today for some worship services and a concert this weekend. Looking forward to seeing old friends too!
*gets serious* "you wanna know what I want right now? ..... Some curly fries."
#OWS Fact: More have now been arrested for protesting financial crimes than # of bankers arrested for committing those crimes.
Now following love their tweets so amazing if u have a twitter u need to follow them
Making all of us over 40 proud!
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 1118 calories! on 3/26/12 at 6:52 PM
hang out with us at road house on sunday
what up cuz
now following this chico
Just found out with out having record on the tv I can restart ellen and watch it.
I'll consult with the accounting team and let ya know.
the end is neigh! “: $8 beers, ugh. #manhattan #boo”
Need a new #fixie, but don't want to spend? Want to donate to your favorite cause? Look no further w/ on !...
does she have a facebook?
when r u free?!? U r booked and grades come first!
Are we going to see you soon?
Feeling a bit #punctual today.
Clearly they are both plotting your demise. I say deploy the liquid nitrogen, stat.
Flavor tripping on ice at ING restaurant starts now. Don't miss top chef Richard Farina show off his blade skills.
Veggie Burgers are AMAZING!!<3
Im miserable. But thanks for the attempt :p <-Kelsey xoxo>
When u text me "....." it makes me wanna kill u over and over and over again!!
#9RoundMinute: 15 Push-Ups followed with a 30-second Plank.
the blue moon peanut butter ale paired w the abita purple haze made for a surprisingly fun PB&J experience in the burbs today..good stuff
THIS RACE WAS SO EXCITING! ! !
stop what?!?
Reactions to '09 Pelter Trio: earthy in a Pinot Noir way, smooth, cassis, nice acid, Mediterranean Bordeaux
-OMGGirlz on back on the countdown number6 Gucci This(Gucci That) Love
well come see me you'll have fun then
Just saw best use of a master chief spartan full kit....6 man drinking game..
My 21st bday is dec 3 it would be awesome for u to give me a shoutout i would flip..
Wow! Thank you. Now I am going to look to you for compliments & advice on amazing shoes.
sing along.
Wow Worship was powerful this morning. If your missing Joy in your life, get to church for worship. You will find it.
I feel like I have to do something but idk what it is
That may be the end fix, but a long ways off from that!
oh it is!! Route 44 drinks to rehydrate.
Yes she can and I've no doubt she'd be on your end of the RPG lol
Truth Twister
J. Cole is awful looking lol
The college pennants already arrived! Excited to decorate Rowen library with them during a library workday. Anyone in #Philly interested?
Didn't I suggest that? It's a hot spot in Scottsdale. You'll like it. I haven't decided where we'll go on Sat, but we'll talk :)
I don't worry about terrorism. I was married for two years. - Sam Kinison
Conclusion: stupid.
Yay my twitter for android works now!
Hope you're well sir! =)
Haha aggies suck they didn't even get into the sec
If Phil Jackson Wants To Come To The #Knicks He Will Be Here The Knicks Not Turning Dat Down- For Mike Woodson- Dolan & Grunwald Not Stupid
Bro You sound good I like the beats just keeping sing
We're serving brunch today until 3. Full espresso bar and 2-4-1 mimosas and bloodies!
tell him "hi" for me ^TR “: I get to interview 's Senior Archivist on Wednesday. Fun!”
oh so YOUR one of those grudge holders from last year lol its aiyt bro. I understand 😂
There is a random shoe in the middle of the freeway.
yes, you should :3
Gov. Martinez would like it if Bernalillo Co. Commisioner Michael Wiener, fresh from a scandal, would leave her out of his re-election ads.
I need to blow off some steam !!!!
I miss hugs.
I love you! Wish you weren't tiny so I could borrow!
alright! Followed! Good luck this month - I tripled the amount of rules I had with my last game. Should be interesting....
I take naps way too much. It ruins my sleep at night.
Watching a movie with my beautiful daughter, Abby!
just to be on the safe side
wow sorry to hear that. I know that's sucks can't have no free time. What kind job u work for?
If my tweet falls on twitter and nobody hears it, does it make a sound?
Oh, this is my step ladder. My...my real ladder left when I was only 5.
Depends... : I was wondering.. If I got killed by car accident what would my friends feel like?
awesome day so far
won't be able to lazy lois for a while.
What up homie!
#Fringe makes the week worth it. I need to think about something besides the Old South.
Sweet! Thank you very very much!
What happens if you get scared half to death, twice?
Do not suppress it - that would hurt you inside. Do not express it - this would not only hurt you inside, it would cause ripples in your sur
Today was a GRAND day (:
Subconsciously whisper thanks to people now like the snake in HP and the sorcerers stone.
This ain't no fashion show, muthafucker we live it
Dear Call Center Outsourcers: Just because the labor is cheap, doesn't mean the customer's experience should be treated as less valuable.
same here. F4 still in tact
the Earth's Children Books get really bad, really fast. Book 1 is the best. After that...oh god, the last book...terrible.
I wish i could braid my hair and make it look like other girls do
Three Fox Run Retirement Community Immigrant Housekeepers Say They Are Living The American Dream
GUYS, the new TweetDeck for Chrome brought back RTs and killed those damn quotations marks. Finally.
This game is pissing me off.....
yep, we are going to try and hold at least one major comp per quarter. The bmx track will have races a few times per week.
Okay well, ha hey.
I will root for your C's if you support the Lake Show tonight. Fair deal?
I have no clue who's gonna make it to the NBA finals this year/ Its been awkward playoffs this year so far
Ah okay :)
If you trade something for the world, doesn't that thing also come with the world? Worst expression.
I'm cummn I had 2clean this room...but yes we gtta most def tawk cause I can't
Trying to gather names of top hs coaches in different states. Any help wud b appreciated.
guessing 99% of your followers do not meet VIP status.
MAC celebrates Miami's Moms #macmoms w/
I wish I could have a 14 month old. That first infant year is a killer. But does go so quickly. In a sleepless fog of wonder. ;)
pick me please :-)
Good morning! I hope everyone had a great weekend and all the mommies had a Happy Mother's Day :) Come get a healthy SUBWAY breakfast!
their proceeds back into local communities/non-profits, etc (i.e. companies like Better World Books).
Kinda looks like the NHL's asking for a lockout, doesn't it? And for the life of me, I don't know why.
Do your good deed for the day and spread the word about Hit Man to Hero. Help #EndSlavery!
You sat on the gory side! RT Ran into at a show.
Hey man, Here is my pin 325772D5 how can I help you?
This has been an absolutely wonderful Spring collection reception!!! Almost completely sold out :) loving our new Pinterest clients!
that wasn't me!! I would never say that!
Larry Bird & Dirk are two of the greatest shooters of all-time. They're also both white. Let's compare them!
": Who's gonna love you the way I do? NOBODY!!"
RT : Thank u houston for making bombon so much fun. We literally do this out of love ... Puttin it down for our city.
Bryan Dodge, nationally recognized leadership speaker, to speak during WWVC Leadership Institute on the evening of October 14!
HEY I LOVE YOU♥ You're amazing & im hoping you see this tweet & FINALLY notice me♥
Audible is the best! We wonder if eBooks will take after audio books (i.e. small audience) or digital music (vast audience).
is it eerily quiet in there?
Aww thank you much!!
I'm gonna write and publish a book someday, for the glory of God :)
my sister is 4 yrs old and she luves #SAYSOMETHIN she is also a mahomie and acon
hacked my twitter
Sweet scoop by Craft
Or then there's my friend, Prosberg.
Iove all these natural remedy tweets!
Go Cats!
But the west became very reductionist in the 19th and 20th centuries. That does not mean mysticism faded. But Christianity exorcised it.
Prepare for Downtown Milwaukee strip club battle, redux. Coming soon. Fun times.
coming to slc in a few weeks for ?
What'd you think of the dunk?
Laura, I like the way you think! Thanks for the kind words to Dr. Pardo too - I had a great first week!
Sorry, don't have one.
Perturbed badgers is my new favorite phrase.
Can't wait for it to be fall. I'm just gonna hibernate until August.
Anything involving rednecks >
Looking forward to bath, Indian leftovers, and Dostoevsky
saw your website- looks great!Was wondering if we could talk about our respective businesses and maybe setting up a linkback?
Thanks for following me! See you soon girlfriend;-)
Yipee! RT : Closet cleaning today, bag for charity, 1 for & 1 for but no one gets the costumes.
Hi Everyone Its Awsome To Be A Fan Of Bella Thorne She Awsome !
YAY DAVE! so excited for you! AH! I CAN'T BELIEVE IT! I AM NOMINATED FOR A GRAMMY!!! HOLY FREAKING COW!
Hi I'm Yanelis And I HATE When People Mess Up My Name !! Oh And I'm A Ninja !!! You Mad Yet ?? :P...Idk Why I Did That ! =)
I love your face too. :D
I'm hoping for one hell of a halftime pep talk from Siegfried to turn this thing around.
The challenge is comfy AND attractive shoe! :) I love my ecco shoes but not the cutest.
lol bring it
Samsung posts record $5.2-billion profit
Thanks for the support! :)
Keep WOM topics fresh and exciting. There always has to be a reason to talk, or people stop talking about you
hey have you see the Knicks with mr Lin watch out heat
15,202 in attendance for tonight's game at Progressive Field -- missing a few fans!
feeling like you've got a flat tire? Deny it. It'll fill itself back up.
I remember when Herman Cain was the only Republican talking about sex.
Prevent the institutionalizing of our children's future by teaching them today!!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MONTANA ! :)
Broncos fan.
All I want for lunch is a blunt n yo gurl!
m....toasted coconut!
You learn to live like an animal in the Jungle where we play.
that was very dissonant. 6 screens. kids playing wii. random person stripping. serious ux talk. whew.
RT : Many Indians & Americans want 2 engage a Pakistan that they wished exists not the Pakistan that exists.That won't work.
Interesting! However, if you use the internet, does that mean you know how to find credible/effective info?
def prefer colored lights!
tell auntie I said happy mothers day!!
Beer Trivia Time! Q. What year was beer finally sold in bottle form?
Sun goes down. Drinks go up.
Take a look: 20% metrics, replicable design for rest of country, Exports
my lips are huge they across my whole face. ayye lol
so do we. so do we. :-/ website work for you for now?
Chef Jose Duarte NYC Bureau live at 5 PM EST maybe I will run into and say hi!
I've decided that for 2012, #pickles are the new
the Ghost Inside show is OCT 15th btw! get them fast I only have a few!!
Filmmaker Emilio Roso will be on my show discussing his new movie -about the ISRAELI MAFIA Wednesday 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Lottie's Lounge - featuring zero TV's. Actual people, killer drinks, and delectably affordable food in HI-DEF!
that's awesome he's potty trained
Going to need several red+vodkas to get me through this night
Our July In The Rain by He Is We is the best song.
Okay, ok - u wait until this time to start blasting your music???
Myy favorite song of 2011 is "Put Em Up"
Oh, I like!
5-8-77....Weir: Take a step back, and take yet another step back. Garcia: That way all your friends won't be real bug eyed.
It's morning!! Seeing today!! Very excited! Freaking out a bit! lol Hahah birthday party, and then 2 hours drive! :) Anyone going?
that is not right, hope you feel better, yo boy H
It's October 1st and I've already seen too many Halloween costumes. Or am I too old for the Eastside now?
Bringin home the hardware
What are your favorite holiday traditions? What are you most excited for this winter?
So is 's new THING to immediately talk shit on famous people roughly two minutes after they die?
POTUS address to joint Congress usually for STATE OF Union and 4 emergencies/crisis: 14million w/out jobs IS A CRISIS. #GOP not showing up?
Weed-wacked the yard. No longer have use of my right arm.
This weekends gunna be great! Going to some art show with Craig:) and dress shopping! It needs to be the weekend already! GAH! Stupid school
Tweet live from hookah nights :)
French Toast, I like you...I really do. But for once can you PLEASE prepare yourself?!?! It's not like you're hard to make...but this bed..
Getting ready to show off our new, finalized logo today. (Yeah, we fooled you with this one.)
man I can digg that. I loath fake bitches
trust no man, fear no bitch.
Feel That Happy Feeling....
AARP's says a great photo can be better (&more effective) than text content - shareable on multiple platforms.
What are the tix for? Sorry, but I'm camping all weekend so prob can't make it but THANKS for thinking of me. ;-)
I prefer Nuglet.
HOW DARE YOU THINK THAT HE IS A TEAM CAPTAIN THEREFORE NEVER DIRTY YOU INFIDEL
Mother Nature exercises austerity.
I am so very flattered!
So our 2 backup SS options are guys cut by the Astros? If you played SS in college (or even high school) I suggest you call the Brewers
trying to figure out my friday HH schedule is difficult when both and have events at the same time!
I blame for running out of town. I hope your happy.
Pinterest. You chug like a high school senior. Speed up.
Bought our first house today. Family of 4 on 1 salary. Don't have new cars but kids have parents @ home and we have a home that's ours <3
you are a joke!!!! Ravens are 8-0 at home, and you haven't seen anything till you've seen #ravennation @ a playoff game
has an incredibly active imagination!
Well said Amare!
RACISM IS VERY MUCH SO (((ALIVE))) TODAY!!!!
the hell you asking me for?
This happened to the word "content" a few years ago- I'm seeing "crowd sourced" pop up like the media just learned what it means.
What are you trying to learn from these stroller-pushers?
I want to go to the beach.<3
haha i do when i want to. thats the whole fun of it
": I think that's the right call. It was not an excessive "swing" of the elbow." Agreed. Call is getting out if hand
That awful moment when your shower turns cold right in the middle of shampooing
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success. - Henry Ford
He could've of used another year to boost his image and marketability. Re: Austin Rivers going pro
Haven't talked to #OOMF in a minute
that WSHH debut is killin em! You the logo for mixed right genes
Smile, don't cry
Let's run away ♡ , just me and you , I'll be by your side when the day's done and through .
Amen. RT : I do not understand the concept of skinny jeans. I just don't get how they could possibly be comfortable.
RT : tonight on the program, a very special visit with Eric from ! Be sure to join us at 3am
you ain't used to it you gonna grow accustomed.
sure, you're alternative was not going to college? They're not protesting the loan but cost of ed & borrowing for it.
"Train, don't strain" A Lydiard
geez, everyone & their grandma has a twitter account. I followed 110 people just from area in 5mins.
bro...baby girl in the red dress on ur new promo is showin' out haha
Hey guys! I'm playing at the acoustic cafe on may 19th from 7-8:30, hope to see you there! :)
I'm 4 whatever God is 4 and I'm against whatever God is against . What he's 4 and what he's against is in the bible. Read it daily 2 know:-)
Glad I'm not the only one.
I'm with you!! I am officially boycotting ALL professional boxing matches!! Mark my words!
Someone just said im bangable lol
Cats take care of Vandy, Georgia you are next to get run over by the BIG BLUE TRAIN !!!!
All the good girls are taken...
We're now 7 hours and counting from our live #Badgers coverage from Boston on 91.7 FM!
Sorry I missed the #LitChat today. Bet it was an amazing session. Have a good weekend.
You guys should come to Kentucky. Nothing but MINDLESS LOVE down here
If we get 15 more likes tonight, Kate will post a new song :)
I'll take a 3 run knock please.
are you going to do a tinychat today?
Cleaning out the barn<<<
Anyone out there an expert at trussing a chicken? I pretty much tie up all the loose parts.
After months of disappointment with the Safari and Firefox browsers, I took the leap and installed Google Chrome. WOW! It's fast!
Thanks for the
look a zombie
Why are my eyes so heavy? What is this nonsense? 
no he has no kids, he way to busy
Omg I love them so much and love when they do that song!!!!!!!
hahaha. seriously, I'd even forgotten the album was called Yourself Or Someone Like You. Actually ... not ... that ... bad ...
Highlight of my napa vacation... Oreo cows mating
Wiskullsin/Eastsider Brewer Bus Tour. May 19. Stay tuned for details...
what part of education? The "system"?
I'm so glad! I love that stuff... happy it's found a good home!
Everyone I mean EVERYONE is irritating me!
They were awesome, I liked them & I think they knew it. They knew I wasn't afraid, I wanted 2 know more & they understood & showed me more.
fosters and stromboli mushrooms onions,cheese m good eats
RT : The problem with people who have no vices is that you can be sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.
glad you're enjoying Hamlet's! So am I. Hope your talk goes well!
After a glance at Urban Dictionary, let it be known that I am "pleased, proud, or happy" for /you/.
FOLLOW BACK :-)
Hey you should go punch your sister 15 times since only 2 people punched her today
I voted a couple weeks ago
Well lunch was too fun. They gave us an extra 2 bottles of wine for free. Now I just need to hide for a sec so my cheeks stop being soo red
what u got up today
Starting off the morning with some live jazz! JIC's Residency Program artists are playing a concert right now for CPS students!
Hello Everyone! SolisEnergy would like to welcome Shawn Turner as the new Manager of Marketing and Development!
thanks for the digits. Expect a text soon.
why isn't Real Madrid going to be one of the teams to be In the #FIFA12 demo?
Do any historians out there have any timeline software (Linux or Web-based) recommendations? I'm using SIMILE's Timeline now.
I wanted to volunter at some funeral homes, but imma procrastinator :\
Best player in the game! :) #Clutch ": Kobe still sucked :)"
Do you manage your own rental property? Want to simplify the rental process? Here's how...4rentsigns.com
Tonight we started filming on first ghost horror!
haha there's a nice place with 2 dollar stores right across the street from each other..
I bet she's really friendly to you!
Emails to the little queens, volunteer research and loving life!
lots of roaming swine & poultry . Where will they all go?
Have an #AMASINNN time on your vacation!
When a really hot girl dies in a horror movie <
yeah he really struggled in Gm3. But hit shots at end when it mattered. Plus Rondo/Allen back. Looking up. Big Gm4 tom
always so flawless. Have you seen the promo for partners?
AEROSMITH TICKETS PURCHASED!!!!!
I envy my mother like no other. That woman is my hero and inspiration. I want nothing more then to be an amazing woman like her ❤
Oh maybe there will some ;D
Those are beautiful. Lol.
Crenshaw students demand digital literacy. Without - they fear on becoming a permanent underclass.
Tv show poduction complete and sent up the assembly line to be mixed.....next song please....time to refrence, 31hrs and counting..
my common phrase is "so who's going to pay for that..are you? That type of mindset doesn't work in an Individualistic culture"
Damn you're fucking up.
I miss him so much, hopefully we get to hangout this weekend. (:
what you gone do with it?
Don't you hate it when you have so much on you're mind that you just want to run away from it all?
I'd add libraries to this, too. MT Grantmakers want to help your #nonprofit succeed. Learn how to partner w/ one.
I need a twitter fan page
Twisting at the Elks Holiday Party in Waltham, Ma. from 1-3pm today
Just voted to keep acting board for another year.
you should probs be here doing lights
“: whaat that rules! I was just watching Sopranos last night hahaha” <-- YEAH YEAH!!
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe iPhone users outraged that instagram is now on android n act like spoiled brats who don't want to share their toys!
partnership tonight from 5-8 for Portland Farmers Market
Hello to our newest follower Cheers!
is the only person in the world to get a root canal and then immediately go play tennis.
So im in dennys and the waitress is walking us to our table and this little girl says "mama shes pretty" ohh little kids :)
Successfully completed my first week of Baron Baptiste's 40 Day program. :-)
Love it when you talk that talk to me! 💜
Excited to be at the 1st annual Tech & Analytics Conference with colleagues...analyzing Twitter for public opinion & more
let's all become a corporation and go to law school as "a person."
thank you, thank you! big hugz
Think my whole family move slow lol
Any word on plans for an iOS app (iPhone / iPad)?
Indeed - perhaps the fine should be that you can only drink herb tea for a week. (Would be "steep" in multiple ways...)
#facebook, let's hope this isn't the start of patent vultures broader attack on social media, patents punish success and stifle innovation
Well, in a recent interview Whedon said, "There was a script…there just wasn’t a script I was going to film a word of."
:( #iphoneprobz RT When your phone automatically changes something & you send it before looking <<<<<
Oh that is a fantastic idea; didn't know they had just the glass part!
all i have to say is i luv my HP computer so glad to have it back =)
the pits.
you know I do sleep well with others?(;
Maybe your aren't the person I thought you were ?
Who is getting up/staying up for a #BlackFriday sale? Who hates it? Who loves it?
and your point is?
#tateball Before I rave how many others got Georges Braque for their first image? Just checking.
I know the food lady did not put on gravy first and then mashed potatoes
Back to cleaning ... don't even know where to get started.
love you too, so glad we 'tried new places' last night ;) can't wait for the weekend!
Not only was it a fantastic YA National Conference, it was great having all that FAB YA energy in #Baltimore!
where r u
True True
Feels like Friday...
My first lesson at #sla2011 is if tables are sparse, don't take both food and drink unless you also happen to have an extra arm.
#ReadyForZero grabs your credit score when you sign up "...better than average" - any way to view actual score?
#10ThingsIFindAttractive a guy with a little style
1. I am no longer wondering why this is trending -->
love when a hot guy puts a hand in his pocket.
RT : In order to get to, you have to go through! Relentless pursuit!
So you liked that fence jump did Ya ?
If I say 1214 Sansom, you say?
Fricken broke the bleachers doing a
This humidity is making my hair curly AF lol
You're too modest.
Are you all still voting for Joe for the Teen Choice Awards?
By the way, Nialler, it's " I BEEZ IN THE TRAP, BEE, BEEZ IN THE TRAP!" Not crazy bees in the trap, hahaha :) x
"we're doing a race to support M.S"..." why the hell would you support M.S?! Thats terrible!"
it's all automated for the emails, tweets and text msgs, gets truncated for texts too
Happy birthday, Charles #Dickens! You inspired writers everywhere by making spontaneous combustion a viable option.
I RATHER GO TO DIGGYS PARTY:)
write a song about it!!!Or people watch.Both will make the time...nope...you'll think its days later when only a minute passed.
Our Dad would never wear some Jaunts all of em ugly as EF.
Tell them the big dog on campus has to grow!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Starbucks - Starbucks (live updates)
Sweet! Wakemate is now full iPad compatible. Testing it out tonight!
:P I didn't want to get annoying or anything so it was fairly short and sweet :) hahahaha ohh i love those two dramas <3
My DREAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue <3 iLoveyou! ;D Ill Never ...
So excited to be a goth cheerleader in the weird al yankovic concert at Warner theater tonight! I mean not excited. Whatever. I don't care.
yeah.... lolol. i can see them on my ipod though (: but im not on it right now.
"cee lo" actually means "see low". Because he looks so short lol
we have 13 dollar presale tickets. Get at me here if you are in need.
You Are On Fire Today : )
I usually don't like Applebee's but it was fire today
Distribution: pushing content from one source to infinite # of locations, but does not guarantee initial source meta is maintained.
your so cute!(:
Good Monday Morning! It's a beautiful beginning of a week...I hope you have a very positive and productive week! Let's get at it!
Cut on hand, cut on leg, gave this dbag an earful for stealing from a girl, dancing with my cousins and shots with gma
Need custom screen printing? We print for anyone and everyone! Great quality and awesome prices @ www.inkscreens.com - 1-800-724-0577.
“: "Keep it open!" = "I'm leaving my credit card at the bar tonight."”
thank you:) see you tomorrow :)
there better be fruit in that yogurt
Thanks for da follow sweetheart!!!!!!!!
good luck in the NBA bro you might be headed to cleveland!!
Looking for classic, prototype MKE Backyard deck patios, 50's 60's era homes, South Side. Film Location = $$ Lemme Know. !
It is absurd that a man should rule others, who cannot rule himself
ONE NATION. UNDER GOD.
they compete for bacon
How amazing would it be if #boxing had overtime? No draws, sudden death rd.
Y'all follow real cool chic wit good tweets
Paul heyman is back!!!!
girl ima have just as much in loans!! Freaks Me out!
Did you know that until the 18th century, most French loaves were round?
i need the cheat code too. I'm gonna be some skin bleachers
“: I'm pretty sure you need to send the video of you singing it too.” SEE TOLD YOU DOM!
Thanks for becoming a member of the "Avsec Nation" on Twitter! Appreciate the bio editing advice. Will get right on it!
The best healer is good cheer.
S/o to for putting me on that Cinemagram tip. Rowdy app
Things do not change; we change. ~Henry David Thoreau
my go-to coffee place just doubled their prices and made a lg a medium!! Now where will I find a $1.50 coffee?!
Bryan, hey! Could you DM me? I have a question about one of your interviews :3
Are the most #ala12 evening events going to happen in disney area? I wonder.... Not close-by bar/pub outside....
I like strangers better than the people I'm friends with on Facebook.(:
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!18
Pizza, crown royal and coke. Mixed with cigarettes, funny black people, and great company. Goodness.
. Understood. But disclaimer is still missing from column page. Until it's there, readers will assume views = yours.
1/2 price 's start on Friday for 2 weeks... That's what's getting me through the week...
stevie wonder just walked past me.......
Attack the Block FINALLY opens in Baltimore, and a damn hurricane has to come along. Where's the justice?
I just realized what I've been waiting for a year is finally here
Hey and
Swim with sharks? Been there, done that.
Maria hates us
Hate when dudes approach me and call me " Lil Mama or Shawty" >_< tf..
Slept way longer than I wanted too😓
« Hey DWade, the game started an hour ago. No big deal, it's just the playoffs.»
where you going?
yes, but only if you don't remake our relationship so that you can knock up the bagger from the local supermarket.
#SquaredFact Lexii is 5'2 and a half she's short for a high schooler!
Help us get to 2500 'Likes' on FACEBOOK and we will release a teaser clip of one of our new songs! facebook.com/flighttoathena
Haha! RT : Every time I hear the word "superconductor," I think of in a cape....
Sometimes I just don't get twitter. I feel like it could be a bit more user friendly.
Why doesn't thisboy get it. There never was something and there never will be something. He's getting to be a stalker.
Aw sorry to hear you're counting down the days :( Are you only staying for one year? Or at least, the end is in sight?
Does middle school get inflatables too? Was going to invite some kids
there is the difference: I possess no charm :(
Thank you! and Thank you - I already feel right at home there. Doesn't hurt I knew most of the team already!
"Thinker, Morality, Determination." - great read!
Thanks Ken! I did. How are you doing?? I feel like you haven't been up with us as early in the AM :(
Wedding and honeymoon done.. BEST time of my life... Now at the airport ready to head home to LA:-)
I'm craving something but idk what
In Class Watching A Movie
yes! Follow #wblive for a flavor of our work this week
This new twitter is much better :]
If you say "doe" please dont talk to me
I'm liking this Twitter so far:)
When I see a guy wearing jeans with big ass holes in the knee I'm like, he's been sucking a lot of dick.
Hoping my team can get the job done ill be there cheering y'all on even tho I can't talk
I'm gonna find #oddneighbor on FB. I bet she's got some interesting things on there
Give it to here in the worst way, Can't wait to blow her candles out 😚💨
Create Club is back today! 3-5pm w/author Susan Lowell reading her books, then make bookmarks for Rio Nuevo bookmark contest!
i cant believe what had happened yesterday
David Drozen told me to tell you Hello. So now I can check that off the list!
We will have a rockin' chair waiting for ya! Shine responsibly!
so disappointed by your attempt to derail #VAWA Shameful.
Jets getting outplayed/outcoached/out-Brady'd www.thesportsland.com
Lost in the ship by 13. Great run. The Rock next week.
Amazing aloe vera based products, amazing biz opportunity all over the world! Join here for free: http;//www.garys.myflpbiz.cop
You got this fo sho! #perfectscore Can you sell me some points?
But keep your eyes peeled for my new senior class in Detroit "yoga for bubbies" deets soon
how do you feel about monkeys?
More & more heartless, day by day...
Be happy with the person you are and don't let other people tell you otherwise.
Next book. Alyson Noel's Evermore. Vampire fiction and dark fantasy YA. Not normally my forte, but it has taken off, so it's time to read.
lol, yeah otherwise that would be worse than texting and driving
yeah pony trying to tweet more, do more yoga, eat healthier, and dance more. ya know, steps to a healthier life :)
you'll be good for her.
RT : If you did not know I'm a Libra. <<Virgos rule and umm pay attention in school young man. #Winning!
My mom , brother & I are the only ones who can talk shit about my dad. Obviously if you say shit about him, youre gonna get hit.
one of mine has Pork tornado. No lie.
I'm not human
sounds like pretty much proved his point. Hope the newsroom convo ended w/ 'Protect Yo' Neck!'
Thanks. Sometimes you get stuck on a word and no matter how you say it, it seems wrong.
thank you & for the RT's! Have a fabulous day!
Just got off the phone with them. Private tours are a minimum of $90 and $6/person for each over 15. 5:30 on the 6th is open.
Follow me xox
Mormon Tabernacle Choir concert at A different crowd than Suns games!
WE hope to see you soon!
Sixth #whitepowder investigation in two weeks going on now at Marquam Plaza Bldg on SW 4th and Sheridan, DT #PDX. Police, fire on scene.
Does one have to pay royalties to Adobe for the use of Flash?
Disenfranchise an entire generation and this is what results. The window breakers ARE the point, they don't have a point.
#Shoutout To the nigga that let me go! lol
Despite popular belief, there is a direct correlation between the infrequency of my tweets and my having a good time.
you look like Lottie a little bit :)
great #Quote by David Brinkley- A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. Rip
nope just here a bit early
Just had a sweet women offer me a CTA day-pass walking up to the train station! ^_^
I'm the Ice Man, Paul Wall Got my mouth lookin somethin like a disco ball
Home alone at the moment. So quiet and peaceful...
Astro insulation has joined Insulate America
Just watched video #climbing with her dad, it was one of the sweetest moments, made me think of my dad <3
SO READY FOR NEXT WEEKEND....NEED A BREAK FROM THE SAME ROUTINE
School would be 10x more better if we knew we didn't have to bring it home with us at night -.-
Email of the year.
im thinking about Cooper
RIP Whitney Houston! A music legend that will be greatly missed!
Trying to watch football and UFC at once! What a great night
ah maybe later(;
I wouldn't want to work there? I mean, everyone makes mistakes, but it bugs me when people don't proofread public documents.
": Practice today was the best all week for me!"
Thank goodness #girlswithnoass won't end up w/ big, sloppy, jiggly, cellulite-riddled ass when older. :-)
sorry I missed you this morning. Hope to see you again soon!
It also shows the mental of those running such theatres, their mentality and lack of consciousness
The family is one of nature's masterpieces.
Thanks for following! I only hope I can live up to the expectations of The Drunk Diet!!!
Does it really matter JPB?
Such a bad day yesterday. Why me? I already feel the pressure today
This is pretty true....RT : As an #Aries rarely does anything slow you down.
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose? Eliza Dushku
thank you! I am so amazed by this whole experience!
no problem and back at ya:)
I didn't see the announcement in the last listserv. When does it begin?
Additionally, you provide a rational reason for speeding and you may be able to get the mercy of the court
I don't like seeing people sad ..
This is my time now. Watch me stay strong.
If this had come out earlier, Mitt could've used it as selling point w/ voters as example of being more anti-gay than Santorum.
Thanks , , , , #CicadaRadio, #NoPasaran, and #SecretCountry for one hell of a night.
AH! Dexter returns with an all-new season on Sunday, September 30th at 9PM ET/PT
What a waste of time, he should be kicked out! RT " RT : Wow. Replay shows that Smotrycz didn't even touch him"
cause when u smile, i smile! :)
crazy delayed but thanks babe
I'm Belgian and German but I don't guzzle beer and sauerkraut everyday lol
Bills never stop nor don't the grind
Cleaning rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. Begin it now. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
About to die of awesome old and rare book overload!! I LOVE this conference!
everyone fighting about Selena and Justin breaking up. Yah they didn't break up he didn't cheat on her Stfu and #FOCUS ON
Anytime! Give me a call - Would love to meet Miss Holli
Residents in St Boni are watching this morning as a fire destroys historic bar
seen you at kcA your cool :O
And that did a large part in what transpired at the end
This week and I will be recording about films that are better than the books/short stories they are based on. Any suggestions?
Ain't nothing like living by yourself enjoying your own space
Why do teams try n take out ???
House has given preliminary approval to maintenance of effort legislation and is on tax increase bill.
I did send a request to #followback :) :) :)
Today in 1788: Maryland becomes 7th state to ratify the U.S. Constitution.
does lady gaga follow you? If she doesnt do you want me to DM her your twittttaaah? :)
Maybe earlier against Oreg St. Even though they lost 4 of 5 to end year they played Boise St/Wash. tough & beat USC. Good test.
you lost your accounts?
Do you ever wish you were a monkey? Then if you got mad at someone, you could just fling your shit at them. Problem solved.
#SOTU "We gather tonight knowing this generation of heroes has made us safer and more respected around the world."
Women Build planning meeting next week tuesday. Join us for the fun www.milwaukeehabitat.org
wait is that lady leg on prod
On paper at least, it's looking like I could rattle off four or five wins in a row!
Family? Vacation? Beach? Snow? How are you spending your holiday season?
Wishing 2 of my fav chefs weren't head-to-head at tonight's #JBA. Both are spectacularly talented:
Well thanks! RT : Also, the door guys rock. Way to do your job responsibly while also encouraging...
People say money isn't the key to happiness but I always figured, if you have enough money, you can have a key made.
Thanks for the follow,Oscar-Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue & Langen Neubacher @ the new #Plush!
Had a great #HH last night with , , and the rest of the team!
"So I went to the dentist. He said "Say Ah." I said "Why?" He said "My dog's died.'"
Retired? I wish... Officially back at work tomorrow. Not sure about on-air though, won't be my call.
I didn't tag it or anything! Spies. lol
Thanks for all your help girl!
okay, the butterflies are coming.
Such tolerance! MT Thanks for the retweet you pussy-whipped retard ...
Every time Jon Miller says D-Backs, I think he said "d bags"
A quick tip: answer as quick as you can with a date range. Promise to refine the date range later. It's enough 90% of the time.
Mt Vernon sq neighborhood association meeting tonight at Yale lofts 7:30 pm! All welcome, police briefing, developer showcase and more!
Got the perfect graduation gift for #Oomf , he's gonna love me lol.
You're welcome (:
Instant mood lifter
RT : CEDA monthly meeting followed by hour long intro to git. Should we teach svn or git? [what/whose problem is being solved?]
New site is under development
Lady in front of me is hot about the weight issue...if she hadn't been up out of her seat wen we baked away we might hav mde rnwy B4 it clsd
Who eats this stuff? Wait, I don't want to know.
losing two wonderful girls in less than a week is tragic. you two will never be forgotten. rest in peace Xiomara Munoz and Kyra Quinn <3
At 11:30 at night? RT : I'm about to force myself to do a loop around Greenlake ...
Get ready Fort Worthians! White Elephant Saloon on Friday & Fred's Texas Cafe on Saturday! Come on!!
#1 pick in today's #FantasyBaseball draft! Who should I take?
tweet tweet tweet! I LOVE twitter er ee do doo doo see you at the SMODCASTLE!
I like this line: "Luck helps, but hustling helps more."
Elizabeth Warren will not head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. A senate bid against Scott Brown in #Massachusetts appears likely
It's almost time!! Prayer at 6:30pm. Don't come alone, bring a friend!
I'm a young, hip teenager. May I do that?
I'd tell kids about LGBT people all the way down to around age 4. It's not inappropriate to say "some boys love boys."
Baby, I already know which house you're sorted in cuz you've got my snake Slytherin
Its Worth The Drive To Come See The Fearsome Five!!!
need breakfast!
I'm such a lifetime junkie, I saw the chubby coach from Dance Moms today. No one recognized her.
#10ThingsThatILike The seven days of the week and then Friday, Saturday, and Sunday again because they’re so awesome!
it's fantastic that donated a concert to ! We need more from #rap & #hiphop stars. #npos must reach out.
I am beautiful no matter how big or small I am. All sizes from 5 till 14 my beauty shines from within.
:( I hope things get better for you. Good here, Liam is gettin so big! 8 months now
Lmao.....Hispanics love black culture but as soon as you call them black they get defensive.... O_o
Yum!!! I easily could eat 6 meals!!! I agree! :o)
: Sorry Matt! Didn't see your tweet until after the show.
are you watching the movie? If not the idea might have not been around enough to make it into the tv shows lol
80-90% of online content around major brands is written by consumers, says of #adtech via
Drowning my sadness in iced coffee at a Starbucks on the Portland State campus \m/
those are your fellow cubs fans buddy
Wayne Shorter.
I wouldn't mind if the tickets for the #Believetour came out next month but I would really wanna know the dates this month...
They gotta get a Ja Rule Hologram...
watching tv and you?
I was stabbed with a screwdriver at work. Tis but a scratch.
he's here, who's runnin' hell? - four year strong
when are we going to wawasee?!?!?!?
Great idea! We're looking into all kinds of new things and this is being added to the "maybe" list.
The best part was when you beat the last level and it changes all the graphics to NIGHTMARE MODE.
Okay, if the Texans are considered "The Broncos South", can we call the Ravens "The Texans East"? That's the 3rd former Texan they picked up
Great Point. RT : the audience is the hero, not the publisher. pub's job? help the heroes.
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible. -Frank Zappa
my head hurts ):
Per Saltum => By a leap or all at once
extremely loud and incredibly close... one of the BEST films I have ever seen!!! SO MOVING!!!! :) <3 <3
PUHLEESE__are we not past this racial stuff yet? I didn't notice the color..I just watched the show.
I'm awake far earlier than I'd like.. so I'd might as well make some breakfast and get some work done while the pup and Pike are snoozing :)
We are honored to represent "Access DuPage" an NPO that provides healthcare to over 13,000 low-income DuPage County residents every year.
you're the best! We're using #AWSEarthDay. Are you coming to the picnic after? Free food!
Game time! LETS GO MIAMI
About to hop on this young shower n get ready for school
Your my Angel sweet Angel of mine
,Your Tweets Crack Me Up Man! lol XD <3
It's the last Student Section of the year today from 4-6. Lots of time to look at the last four years, but the show will go on.
Can you please Follow and ;)
Hip Hop is back... X Factor's Astro signs deal with Jigga with Roc Nation!
The Cubs owner is a RWNJ? Cheap owner, all about profit, tax-payer industry, etc....another example of Greed & Hypocrisy.
I need to make some crazy money before the weekend so my storage full of #art doesn't get auctioned off next week.
I feel like I been at the nail salon all damn day, but I had fun by my damn self..
I just stumbled upon "Old Mythologies" -simply amazing! About to dig into the album for 1st time. Great stuff!
The DREAM Act has been part of the legislative agenda for over a decade
I have class in about 45 mins or else I would! But I'm going to be here tonight!
marketingdomination.blogspot.com i need a lawyer, so i can put u on the 1st page of Google in ur local area for ur most searched terms
hey guy! Now following you! :)
Going goth today! What would a spring goth look like?
OH : "There are a lot of clandestine wood shops all over campus"
THANK YOU FOR THE DONATION DOLL! I just got back from a 24 mile ride (part on the )
Print-On-Demand... Coming Soon!
That moment when I get my spark again. When I feel the want to perform & sing runs through my veins... I almost explode. Joys of music. :-)
H3. Dropped 3" all around and sitting on 24's.
my 1st block teacher weird af.
What's shocking is the player smoked while the reporter sat there.
glory road is such a phenomenal movie
nope. phew.
"Gads, Ann, I feel so empowered this morning." "Why is that, dear?" "Money, dear. The boys at Bain looted another business."
RT Lion fans supporting Suh, when Calvin Johnson's career is cut short due to a frustrated CB, look for sympathy elsewhere.
Tonight we choose: Crosskeys Tavern, Chillicothe OH
hopefully they eated not turkey! ;)
RT : STOP BEING SO DAMN WEIRD YOU FREAK! // WHAT SHE SAID!
I know!! :( next time hopefully
great Sonny and Cher reference
Bruins with the win!
Today I wanna say how much I love Tina Fey! =p
#ItGetsMeMadWhen people repeatedly ask what's wrong and I'm just relaxed. I would probably talk about it if something was wrong. Lol
#CNN watching super Tuesday results. Gingrich won Georgia
Toasted pecans make all the difference in a bowl of oat bran for breakfast. (maple syrup, cinnamon and cloves help, too)
Did you see our DCU spot air before half-time? Nice job
Do it Toss, you know you want too.
yeahh baby coming . ^^
Thanks for the welcome, we are glad to be here :)
Thanks for the follow! Let me know if you want me to write a product review or a giveaway on my blog!
lol shut up
Loui Eriksson tallied 2 goals -including the game-winner late in regulation -along with 2 assists as Team Lidstrom clipped Team Staal (NHL)
Running 0.5 miles to beautiful engineering
Ask your bro you don't know.....,
tell paw I miss him
got dick on her knee caps
just get a big thing of boric acid (a powder) and sprinkle it lightly in all the back corners and areas they like.
um, it's poo....and I didn't say it. Duhh.
Visited Bonaquisti Winery today! Thanks for showing me around Paul and Cota!
Bagels in the morning=
New video on our FB + YouTube feat. Luis Alvidrez (trainer) and Kameron (client). Check it out and let us know what you think!
hhaha ohh yeah they are my contacts(:
thanks for the #RT!
#Blah......after affects of eating too much #chocolate :/
Wisdom comes with guarantee. Stupidity comes with no limit.
I've done tie Miller factoey tour, time to see the other half - Coors factory ho!!
lololol that was easy!
Ok, I am ready for warm weather in Chicago again:)
good thing I don't have any stalkers...that I know of.
It's coming back on?! I have to watch...
Thanks for the follows!
oh yeah, there is also Mastercolor here in Greensboro (for color)...decent prices and same day turnaround before 10am I think
I would be ecstatic to have to have an art critique today
And join us Wednesday for the Underground Podcast #2. Benny Blades, Ricky Landell and the Backseat Boyz will all be in action!
Shouts out to my new followers
correct, I misspoke, should have said cited.
Official diagnosis: Knee sprained and traumatized. *snicker* I'd be traumatized too if I had to live with me. ...oh, wait.
there's no cohesiveness, no organization. Plus they're tired AF
terrified/excited for my first ballet class in almost 5 years tomorrow morning. ballet dancers can be scary...
I'm watching! It brings back memories of my shows.. miss it
Cant wait to be at margarita mixer with you all!! Cheers!
Nice! Will be there in mid-May for grandson's first birthday and to see him and his parents off to Japan for 3 years.
Is back in the states from spending 2 months in Venezuela. I'm now gearing up for the launch of Tune Up Philly next fall! Stay tuned!!!
RT : ah ME SO THIRSTY... PEFECT DAY FOR: Peach tea, lemonade, and deep eddy's sweet tea vodka
The great thing about working from home? I can take a wine break whenever I want. And that time is now!
the only way I got thru it in high school was cliff notes :(
I forget to text people back a lot.. mainly because of Twitter.
Spent Friday afternoon tracking down a fugitive to Alpharetta, GA.
fighting. stress.
I just don't care about certain things anymore.
Benson Honda Having Trouble Keeping Honda CR-Vs On Their Lot
Blessed to see another day!
Hey , canceling my friend's flight from SAN to BOS tonight WITHOUT TELLING HIM is not OK.
I know it seems to be a love song. But I have to laugh when a video is showing extreme fan boys and girls. I find it hilariously adorable.
where Jeb goes Marco follows
Watching "Morning Glory" w/ our friend Rachel McAdams & thinking of your time in morning TV. Craziness! Glad you are now free!
They're going to get every dime out of that album that they can. Sheesh.
Lol Sometimes I feel just like that!
That's awesome! They didn't invite you down?
I was asked today if I was Nice or Good...
... i mean corie or
Just layed down to cashin out. Its dead well be having a funeral service tomorrow on youtube after the engineer gets done mixing!!
I always feel bad about going to the vet. She insists on getting Draco neutered but my parents want to wait a year so he can grow.
Be Yourself! "Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind." Dr. Seuss
RT : RT : #ICA reception is in full swing. Guests are arriving
Correction. If the All Star Game made sweet love to the Greatest Hits Album, the result would be THIS episode of
The hologram from #coachella video is crazy! wonder how feels about this??
-- give it back Truth!
"The best companies never transform to greatness in "one fell swoop. There is no single defining action, no grand program, no one killer...
Thanks and welcome, Hunter! X
thanks man!!
lmao kirk franklin suits
what's wrong
so do you think Alex is Sexy! (;
Who is running the Brooklyn Half this weekend?
USA: Next match Sept. 2 vs. Costa Rica
I'm about to bhe on twitter all day
love in the time of melancholera.
RT This 1 goes out to from #aam09. "Our director is going over to attack the artifact people...let's go this way.."
Day 2 of IBS and we're having a great time! Stop by booth W3043 and say hello!
Too many words? recommends Dimwit's Dictionary to help slash story/novel down to size.
And to think he was watching Problem Child . . . that had to be fake laughs for sure lol
I hear ya. nice to send kids outside to play for a bit. and I find that sunshine makes for a more cheerful momma.
Why rush? Schools still gonna be there whenever I get there.
your nipples look hard :)
Agents, if you're looking to have a presence on the web look no further than and for your web needs!
Watching source code with the bestie :)
It's one thing seeing someone have their shoulder broken, but, describing the sound it makes from 10 feet away is another story
My house needs food
.RT: : "I wish I'd known [_?_]" recall any tips or tricks of previous expo-attendees to pass along to new #big10expo goers?
I had a dream I fit perfectly in a size 1 jeans :')
Yea I found out I'm 5'4 yea!! I grew 2 inches since I was 10!
Are there barf bags a plenty?
saw it today. Have recommended it to everyone via FB and Twitter. Amazing performance!
You already know RT : SHOUT OUT TO MY GUY TONIGHT WE PARTYING FOR HIS BDAY!!!
The essence of teaching is to make learning contagious, to have one idea spark another
Good! I'm doing well, too.
I didn't mean to offend you when I said you were stupid. I honestly thought you already knew.
why was she crying??
I was up at ready at 730...
we hope you have a great birthday!
I"M GONNA MAKE PARMESAN PASTRY PUFF PIGS IN A BLACKETSALKDKNS:KLN
thanks for the like!We found you as well!
Not even fucking kidding.
This is happening all over the United States!
Thank you Luther Place for becoming our 100th campaign endorser today! We look forward to working with you.
Just finished 7 miles on the trail.. Operation "NO EXCUSES!!" in full effect. and Biggest Loser is serious motivation!
Point, counterpart? ;)
Trying to get rid of these pounds.
I can always count on you 😜
blah blah
its not true unless there is picture proof!
plazeks a better friend...
No worries! Have a wonderful weekend.
Sex and the City is my Goddess.
RT : Happy Birthday!!! >Thank YOU sweetie!!! Can't wait to see Pics from Bday party tomorrow:)
I had a pet ball python I forgot to shut its tank at night..That morning it was gone and my mom woke up screaming..yeah xD
I got my clothes from Hollister, and i'm dressing up tomorrow. Have a nice sleep everyone!(:
When starting and growing your business, it's important to bootstrap with your own resources as much as possible. -Mike Smith
we're sorry for the poor service. Stick with us through the growing pains!! And thx for ur loyalty despite it all.
Fresh off work
Beef jerky looks like dog food. Even the packaging is questionable.
Twitter glowing brighter as the sun is clearer.
Good Point - I suppose it just "feels" awful & violating. but would entail less hassle & damage than identity theft.
464? really? I'M SUPPOSED TO GAIN FOLLOWERS GUYS NOT LOOSE THEM
I unfortunately have been too busy to watch!
Measure your faith next to your prayer life...Remember, humble yourself, pray, seek, turn, your faith will increase!
Todays lunch special Three soft shell fish tacos topped with lettuce, tomato and sarachi sauce. Yum
the board didn't vote to delay it, it may have had something 2 do w/scheduling issues between award ceremony and closed session
I heard somebody say beach. This better be legit.
This wendys hittin the spot!! Yum !!
What is Tosoni's walk up song? Is it Satisfaction?
Former Los Angeles Times editor Russ Stanton named VP/content at KPCC public radio station. thx
oh! My name is Gianti Flores :) I just noticed you had the same last name so I thought I'd ask haha
i think i have so many finger and hand prints on my mac cause u keep telling me 2 high five u.. cant resist!! LOL
Because we are opposites in our taste. Does the book have too much plot? Or too little?
Right now I am multitasking...........ouch!
Not yet Vicente. Focused on the 50 states for now, but if there is demand in Mexico, we will be there! Shine responsibly!
I want to know how much money Blizzard is making today.
haha diggy buzzing just cause cole dropped like 4 lines on him,thinking how a whole track will sound like
I had an intern no show to their first day on the job...apparently he had a mid quarter life crisis over the holidays. poor kid.
if you can get 10 of your Face Book friends to like us we will send you a free shirt. It will raise ur awesomeness promise!
I need them after yesterday too 😔 no fun
Driving through buffalo listening to the Seems fitting :)
I wish I could play in Fantasy Football every week. It's like Varsity playing the 8th grade team. 2-0
Did anyone notice Rihanna's lead dancer had striking resemblance to Chris Brown as he danced so so close to her?
If you sing flat and have no stage presence, you too can be in the final 2 on American Idol!?!
Im good thanks
hence the face palm -_-
I think I'm ready to crash.
Tomorrow is a new day. Tomorrow will be better. Maybe tomorrow I'll actually remember to pick up toilet paper at the store...
Loving Romeo's no-nonsense 1st impression as HC. If he gets the job, does that all change?
Haven't laughed this hard in awhile my man is the best always putting a smile on my face! 2 days till I get to attack him! Meow!
David fricking DeJesus. Where was he when I had my all-inspirational fantasy team. Jesus Sanchez and Angel Miranda were terrible for me.
Salsa Wednesdays tonight!!! Library Bar&Grill, 3rd&Central! #ABQ #NM!!
Happy birthday , wipe Orlando off the floor! Good luck
ha! Half off but triple the time of a normal dinner!
I kind of wish was still an underground, hip credit union that only me & a select few were part of. Will the cust. serv. suffer?
okay my eyes refuse to stay open
One more boys. One more.
now we talking got u bruh ,,, sending them now
Gary Busey or Charlie Sheen RT If CBS were to bring back "Kids Say The Darndest Things" who do you think should be the host?
wow nadal finally lost! What an opening for Federer..
what is the presentation about?
loll in colorado we golf in january (but golf sux ass) and ski in july (:
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go and why?
Thinking and always will be thinking about ICONic Boyz<3 <3 <3
didn't Bruce Lee say that first? If not, where'd they get it?!
The wayy he looks at the food when it arrives....Lol Oh Madison....
Scratch that: whole site is down. I assume you know, but just in case.
Apart from the human rights abuses and being corrupt dictator, best part of Kim Jong Il dying is the new twitter account
feed your head
April 8th, 2012 RT if you know what that means.
Weather is getting weird
I finally know a lot of Spanish!
HE'S ALLLLIIIIVVVEEEEE!
I wanna go to bed but I'm not sleepy arghhhh
yup! obviously not enough to do.
Getting all my anger out in these tweets
I just realized that I don't like kiwi anymore. Omg what a sad moment I used to love it. What happened
boutt to listen to THAT GETs ME COOL SO MY MIND WONT BE STRESSED NOT HAPPY RIGHT NOW
RT Im trying to settle a debate was Rudolph really one of Santa's original reindeers or is he completely fictional?
been good ready for graduation already
If my next 100 tweets consist of trying to get to #PrayforEthan, I will gladly dedicate them all to him! Plz #PrayforEthan!
we just really want you to settle down and eat your pizza :)
agreed lol its just how do those people wake up with out just killing themselves lol ..ok dark lol
Let's all get up, & dance to a song that was a hit before your mother was born. <3
RT if you are loving the extra daylight in the evenings.
GO HEAD GURL
Kid in front of us started as with Heat James jersey. Came back with a Pacers West. Awesome.
Know this ... Love is a state of being; it has nothing to do with anybody else
Today should be Pastor Maldonado Day throughout Venezuela.
I feel ya bro.
Im starting not to give a fuck.. <|3
That is not cool. Do u want a pic of Demi and Selena?
I have to be honest I was blown away by all 4 finalists last night. Tough decision but I am team blake thick and thin to the end
Totally missed it. Thanks for the heads up. I will check him out.
i had lion and a tiger in my dream hm
go to sleep! I have been wide awake for some reason.
the book of soul is my favorite song
Watchhing forgetting sarah marshall makes me wanna go to Hawaii soo bad
r u moving 2 Miami 2mrorrow??? If u r IT'S AMAZING and ur gonna love it. I'll give u a tour haha plzzz :)
'11 is gone and in the rear view..#Bonnaroo'12! Counting down the days until line up is dropped
no way impossible
Ha. Clouds ate the top of all the tall buildings downtown this morning.
I've been on such a Katy Perry kick lately
Aw, have fun you guys. But not too much fun, because I'm not there. :)
so? Ryan Stoneberger and Alora Reiff have been dating for three years. I definitely think they are experiencing real love.
good game tonight between and sabres. Bruins looking for some payback. Should be good! Check it out.
friday night beneath the stars
So I just kind of flipped out when I saw you followed me. I just read your about section and almost pissed myself.
needs someone to skype D:
"i like to party, you like to party, we like to party all fucking year!"
TREE INFO-Research the tree you like before you plant! Make sure it won't be too big or wide for your planting space.
Cute dog.
#ALEXANDROBERTHAVETHEBESTSWAG AND MAYBE ZACH
It's me thank you lol
Yay! I see you in like.... a week. Lol.
Wall Street, this is your champion. #blocklist RT : ugly smelly jerk
lmao if you got yourself a pair of 24" heels you'd male a great coach!
you my dear are fabulous... And very kind!
ON AIR NOW<< Jackpot with Bill Previtti
under-statement RT : i get the same size but im skinny so
Did you know if you Google "pepper mustard" that Uncle Jim's is 5th on the Google page??? Shoot, people pay to have that kind of stuff!!!!
i hope one of you guys saw my tweet on the show! Love you guys!
Angry Authors app to be launched. Throwing hardbacks at publishers until they agree to publish. #lbf Funny how to throw ebooks?
Merry Christmas!
sitting in my office in the top floor watching the rain in so california!
I'm pregnant with so many ideas that all I think about is abortion. I've seen so many of my ideas stillborn that all I think of is abortion.
ah yes. On the street in the neighborhood behind the the Dowd and behind the church lot. .8 mile to my office.
Friday date night a walk around Baltimore Inner Harbor, some hot steamed crabs at BO BROOKS seating out side on a warm summer night! Dreams!
why is it so much easier to act angry than to admit that you are hurting?
Me! #PhillipAllTheWay! Who are you for?? ;)
CHARGE AND ANSWER UR PHONE!
I love you both <3
Dear Celebrity Crush, I think our relationship is at that point where you should learn about my existence :]
it's like riding a bike...balls and strikes!
where is the puppy? I expected a puppy!
Well hopefully I passed that final. I am offically a nervous wreck
"i CAN'T THANK YOU ENOUGH. GREAT PRODUCT AND SERVICE YOU A ++" - Paula from Yonkers, New York
you should share!
People who know electronics (like or ): is a "pull up" a type of resistor, or just a way of using one?
thanks for the RT! Isn't that necklace amazing?
Remember that summer concert tour I help cast?
Best March Madness Sign: We Are Ridiculous Lehigh
Primal Scream, Higher than the sun (Higher than the Orb rmx). See you next Sat.
First Middle School basketball game tomorrow gonna ball on the other team
I woke up hungry af though, sat whweeeet <<<<> French toast/eggs/and a Apple
go on there website on your ipod.
come on clippers
YOUR A BEAST! ;)
Happy Birthday ! :-)
Yes, I think freshly-squeezed lemon drops would be wonderful. You should see the size of these lemons - more like grapefruit.
I was busy working and serving at my church. We kicked off a week long community service project.
add me on google + (:
Matty! You're cover of "What Makes You Beautiful" is amazing! Keep up the good work sweety! :D
* me and running up a hill * Jamie "Whoaa!" Me "NO! Dont make any noises!" :p
My 10 year old sister is apparently wearing 3 inch heels to her 4th grade graduation. I just threw up in my mouth.
Omg, he's so cute, I want to squeeze him!
I have the same iphone earpeace (but in ivory)!
When your about to fall sleep everything's going smoothly and bam you hear a noise . Yup not sleeping
I'm back tweeps. It's been awhile.
On set of Umami Burger today. Prolly gonna get a Tony nod for this one.
Just met with furniture artist Brian Hubel at his Colorado Springs studio--incredible work!
while everyones packing for spring break , I'll be at home looking out the window .
Hell yes. Vito with peppers.
Yup, but most people don't look at themselves as they judge the annoying things around them
Literally had to get in my car from the passenger side after church just now because the car parked next to was so close!
on Y way to Dragbrunch @ #EdiblesRestaurant & just heard skittles debacle WOW WOW !!!!! Is all I can say,Jaw dropped ! :)
Thank you for the your support RE Hard Rock Rising. Because of people like you we made it! Seladore will play the Hard Rock.
Do you have a prob with that? Notice how wishy washy your commentarty is on the screen.
4 days and counting for your 13.1. You got this?
you should be! :)
It's cold I hate this weather
Love me some Jack Lemmon via Kevin Spacey!
Two kids come a cross a body in St. Paul on the shore of the Mississippi River. More info coming up at 5:03 on CCO Radio.
when is your next televised game cuz?
"OMG, I'm completely in LOVE with that t-shirt!" *sees the price* *sadly walks away...*
Never trust western union.
Get the best tool to rip DVD collections!
I did. It was Moulin Rouge..and it wasn't pussy.
I took my son to school and made it to my AM mtg w/ plenty of time to stop and get gas & a tasty tasty latte. The sun is shining. Excellent.
You listening ? RT : Yes. Lili Taylor would be the perfect Anjelica mentee
See you in Burlington Ma!
First the Lord made man in the Garden of Eden.Then he said to himself, "There's something he's needing'
How was powerhouse? I want to see pictures so I can tease you girls
Smh anti-social.
OMG amazing convo w - turns out they're Bills fans too! We talked about Jim Kelly, Mario Williams & the MSP Bills Backers.
what's good my dude?
Sisters Rule!
family trip to Pop's before my departure
Terrell Owens on Dr.Phil looking like a complete asshole. So typical. Go jump off a building you useless piece of shit!
And ran with it...an hour for a 16-team field. That takes real talent.
I've been engaging in all of the internal grappling & stock taking that one engages in before launching something new.
It feels so good playing electric guitar again. We've been apart for far too long..
Went upstairs to put my daughter to bed, Lakers were up by 16. Came back down, tie game lol
Forget Regret. Saw this written in the cement on the sidewalk today...great advice =)
your account has been hacked!
Packing to go stay at Kaylas before i go to texas(:
Papelbon jeans, boots wit da fur.
That's awesome
What's this called? Cake? Nom nom nom “: Hot pockets...”
idk i might! haha i'm thinking about doing thaattt!
"The Artist" is this year's "Shakespeare in Love." In 2-3 years, we'll all be saying 'What were we thinking?'
That kid on the cover of Time is way too old to be doing that... or way too young.
hope you didn't have them going really far. Very young team. Gonna be dangerous in the next couple yrs
who's down for Phil's after? #pussy OnDemand
RANGERS WIN!!! LETS GO RANGERS!
My 30 day Challenge is starting in just over 2 weeks. Get on board before it's too late. Message me for details!
I just installed my first SSL certificate. In your face,
lol so true lol or i could just b the bottom and 2 of u could DP me :)
are you in San Antonio? because I have a friend who's saying on here how hot all the AF boys are haha
Best of luck to #AztecForLife Kawhi Leonard. NBA debut at 5pm on NBATV...Go
Beautiful day in Chicago
I spend more time there than your average bear, but I'm in recruiting. (over 10% of Linkedin traffic)
So...i mention car insurance and I start getting followed left and right by insurance companies haha.
I want to have your baby... Wtf? No she didn't. #Scared! #Shocked!
We know e-book sales have increased - but sales in higher ed are steady. I think most readers choose e-books for leisure.
Hope to see you in hell.
Listening 2 #ShabazzPalaces would rather be outside in warm sun than underground #cataloging on rainy day. Love Recollections of the Wraith.
hell yeah u right but I ain't gon be babysitting :)
im lucky to make birdies these days haha but i might get out this week again.
Shadowing aircraft mechanics at SDF and talking about technology.
<----- Does not follow back then tells everyone who unfollows them and warns others not to follow them too. CRAZY STUFF.
Do you guys hate yourselves for being so self loathing?
If they do, it only makes them Super-STUPID!
Lobster gazpacho, moving on to Malpeque oysters!
send me the link
so the #packers have to trade for colt mccoy now.
Err! Skins didn't get Chad Clifton...oh well...got to look elsewhere for an OT now =/
The #BlueLine always makes me sleepy
#Twitterstorians, looking for recommendations of a good biography for an American Jewish History Course. Thoughts?
I'm disappointed in your article. It says nothing about how to taste and if anything makes wine tasting seem intimidating.
Kidney stone: the one ailment where you can't sit down even if you feel horrible. Jogging while you're sick. Not fun.
#careerbuilder supports abusive use of chimpanzees in advertising. Shame.
Holy gorgeous day!
I like this kinda productive shit! :D
Would you like to attend our event, by any chance?
Just landed in Chicago... #Raaa longtime before game time. Light rain but that won't stop us.
typically I follow all those that follow me to include spamers and sometimes bots. I'm a twitter whore....
yeah it is, I was so excited when i saw her, it was like a year & a half 2 years ago
Heart and soul poured out onto a piece of paper...
hahaha you didn't know that?!
I'm getting it after work today!!! Yay!
no!! not you!!!!! ppl who act brilliant too often!
Are you speaking today/did I miss it already?
Hello, lovely people. :)
same here, kept 2nd guessing my tweets, lol.
You are never alone...
Bout to hitta bitch
Gf weather. Too bad I can't buy one with my beer & movie.
Ditto. I don't recall getting hit by a bus but it sure feels like it.
how do you like so far? I'm just getting started too.
I'm not a fan of the wife beater under dress shirts. I wear undershirts to hold off sweat. Wife beaters don't do that.
Just spent six months going 'round and 'riund with a vendor, who keeps giving me the same quote no matter how I change the scope!
Humber has to be proud, but he didn't even try for the 28th out like Galaraga did.
huh? I was simply saying you should apply to be in that show...you'll just have to obey the law
Hey would you leave your sister alone please? Not only is she in church, she's WORKING in church. BTW, didn't see you here.
Got invited to go boating this weekend..
It has been 8 years since I had transferred to Eastern Michigan University from WC3D and OCC and I had a very hard time ever since.
Do not swim with the tide, do not swim against the current - swim wherever you over
Glad I got a 2:00 tee time instead of having to watch UK get embarrassed
up before the dawn | the sky a mix of pink and blue | — sunset in reverse
Just realized this is my 50th Christmas. Trippy.
26 lbs? whoa! I don't need to lose weight but want muscle and I heard its good
We were born to succeed, not to fail ~ Henry David Thoreau
I always feel alone and tired
Hope to see u all if at all possible.
Guys, I think OKC is way better than the Lakers
#museweb Just read blog response for week. Software integration is tech fantasy. To have it would require extreme collaboration
La vérité shall set you free....
#RealFriendsDont disrespect your parents when they come over..
Fun fight no matter what happens. bitter sweet because I like both guys quite a bit
#9RoundMinute: 30 Alternating Reverse Lunges paired with 20 Jumping Jacks! Here we go, #Madison!!
We are still moving but we love you guys!
ohh yess i did! i always try you girll! you know me! And your never at school i miss you!!!
do you know any girls in our grade that look like a man .
“: Detroit friends: Wow. 10-0 #gotigers” [do the kids in Berlin watch the Tigers? #progress]
bet. Ima keep an eye out for it
Sentence of the day: "Newt’s $2.50 plan is as bold as my 9-9-9 tax code replacement plan."
thanks ! - i was impressed by your info activism
I can't remeber the last time I got more than 6 hours. Who cares
hey Mrs. Pal! Have not seen you in a while!
I'm on martha's vineyard today looking to ride - hit me up we'll go
together at last! Lol
Bloods went really well with Beryl Satter's book, Family Properties about real estate and economic exploitation in Chicago during 1950s/60s
yeaaaaaap be there in a gif!
Well said.
RT: Hey and friends- anyone on Goodreads? Love to be friends! (I'm MissGinger)
ok yay i love b-days
The one about your friend coming home (:
Attention DFW! The Home and Garden Market will me THIS WEEKEND! @ Dallas Market Hall! More info at www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
RT : The safest way to use the internet is to assume that EVERYTHING you post online is public knowledge. Everything.
RT : Wonderful weekend with and ! Thanks for a great show :)
yes i am one of those crazed fans who sits on twitter talking about and on his birthday flips a shit and tweets 5000 times.
I feel so alive!!!!
That serious ninja moment when you lean too far back on your chair and jump forward insanely quick
Seth Woods playing tonight at ! Show starts at 8:30 pm.
#Parenting Tip: Raising our #kids entails helping them manage disappointment constructively.
I heard MAYBE Mick might play some Stones gigs next year for that 50th Anniversary tour. Bill Wyman may be as well.
looking forward to hearing more
but he died! Yesterday! And for some reason this is one loss I am not mourning.
You act all hard on twitter, and at school you ain't shit (;
Have you considered running Series 1 & 2 of Downton Abbey this fall to get more people into it B4 #3? People are interested
But who's counting?
I need someone to talk to
Vaginas and Santino are trending right now. I can only believe it has to do with the same person.
My favorite song to play live as of right now is a song called "Borderline Romance" but we don't have it on our facebook
Just found a of bag of Dorothy Allison's trail mix in the van, looking to donate it to the Lesbian Herstory Archives.
I am quite impressed and amazed at how good natured almost everyone on this train has been in spite of a nearly 2 hour delay on a Friday.
Thanks. Been awhile since I was a teenager.
Doing nothing can sometimes be a good thing, but it's getting really old.
Korean bbq plus concord pretty good if in the neighborhood
kk I wont
I love Al Pacino. Watching "Simone"
Give me your email & password
tune into right now (91.7 FM/WMSE.org) to hear a live in-studio performance from Delhi 2 Dublin. The play Turner Hall tonight!
#score! 2-0 #Marchand #Marshmont #game7 definitely looking like the more #aggressive team tonight
Whatever happened over the weekend doesn't count if you don't remember it right?
OK so much to tell you (: xoxo
Oh, that's why Dick Cheney said he wanted a virgin's heart on a silver platter
I was thinking the same thing. Did he just cuss in church.lol aon. They are saying that bobby felt disrespected at the church.
It would be really nice if the nest full of eggs on my back patio hatched today. They don't know it's Mother's day, but I do.
sat on a motherfuckin cactus
what happened????
In other words, best ad ever.
But among "Best Places in the Universe," the C&O bar is there.
yeah i mightt! idk yet though cuz i wanna see if anyone opens one that i could audition for(:
was thinking it'd be crazy if win #stanleycup then relocated after the season. may have ownership update tonight
Also, anyone have a dress form to loan WAA for the wknd?
Woohoo!!! Setting up the next Chicago AlphaBeer. It's going to be October 22 at the Blackstone. Save the date!
Prepping to teach "Web Building Blocks" and "Mapping on the Web" at today's BootCamp.
sounds like perfection!
seriously needs to play email / blog / thank you card catch-up, but all she wants to do is catch-up on sleep in the city that never sleeps!
the fuck how are you Dominican and can't speak spanish? YOUR A FUCKING DISGRACE
Happy Easter to all! 🙏💐🌸🐰 I hope it was a blessed day.
I Love Your Tweets! It Would Really Make My Day If You Followed Me Back :)
I saw that you said you were raised catholic. Me too. It's that whole evil & possession thing & it happening.
Melo looking like he playing for Syracuse.
Good morning, Campers! Welcome to the unconference! Are we ready to have some amazing conversations today?
Salem PD is here, moving in. Full gear, tear gas ready to go. #OccupyPdx #OccupyPortland Be solid people.
Wtf J.R. Smith move back to China fucking up our highlights
Guys that hold open doors for you. >>>>
Cleveland is have a good one too. But when you are starting from scratch it doesn't take a lot to improve.
lolololol right! I hate
Today's BTU inspiration: "Everything you can imagine is real." ~Pablo Picasso
just doing my self-appointed job
what's wrong?
My sister is baking cookies for "homework". Louisville girls catholic high schools...
Rocking out in lunch to the moody's point theme song with pals (y)
Man I'm so sick I got ambulances pulling me over and shit
awesome!! U will be a fine nurse and an above average wii player
Just wanted to say you are the man brother. Thanks for always keeping a level head. Been a fan of yours since I was 8.
good :) ahh tomorrow we have to fangirl together!!
Actor Rowan Atkinson has been discharged from hospital after sustaining a fractured shoulder blade in a car crash this week.
Well rest time is over! On to Mizzou New Play Series!!
In addition to the personal inconvenience, poorly maintained sidewalks are classist/ableist/detrimental to the heath of neighborhoods
Attorney-client privilege can extend to an attorney's agent such as a translator-our linguists work under tight confidentiality agreements.
no because he said u were ugly
what is ur future w/ the wwe?R u done communtating?
Crawl back into my bed.. That's All I Really Wanna Do
Thanks to all that made Day 1 of Special Education Summit outstanding. Looking forward to learning with tomorrow's group.
Might go to sleep early tonight.
Keeping the “Fath”: Investor Taps Into Lucrative Investing Niche
I am here. I just don't know where here is.
“: The first game of the heated rivalry vs. tonight!”
At work wishing I could get the fuck outta this hell hole!!!!!
Catching up on my night owl standards reading with HTML5 File API.
Contemplating whether or not I should stay up for 4/20??
#drawsomething level hard what the hell is this you are telling me too draw????
Hope my kids at work are ready for the bitching I'm gonna give them! I know I'm ready!
I think Rails is a good option, but how to navigate the diff between APIs/Apps. Any good examples?
aw yay! Good for you girl! I definitely recommend signing up for a race, it's a great motivator to actually get out there and go!
The Vietnamese lady who does my nails and eyebrows is so cute and funny
S/O to all my #TeamTexans followers Sunday is D day
Thanks for the follow, !
All of our thoughts to Vivace today, as they say goodbye to one of their own. Brian Fairbrother you were one of the great ones.
what do you mean? you doing reborn dolls? good for you..
#boxing Fans were disappointed cuz Pac man did not show them d type of fights he shown with previous opponents but he surely won the fight.
Mama Jagr says i need to act like an adult, so i'm watching adult movies
Really? Sad day in the history of facial hair. RT : I hope its not because I shaved my beard
#uCantBeToughAndSay leave the light on. Paranormal Activity got me spooked.
February 23rd (Day 23) Breakfast Luna Bar S’mores, Poland Springs Water
im toutin away... Be my first follower!
Exactly! That's what I love about SM marketing; companies have to learn who they are beyond their services
if he stays fit then he's a great squad player.too much time on the sidelines out injured.pity.
Last day as a Sophomore. Imma be a upperclassman. Rising Juniors, Class of 2014 Boaw.!!
Thanks for the follow, look forward to your tweets.
As a true Kentuckian I highly recommend Double Oaked! Best bourbon ever!
Ignacio's slut, Stiles' Skank, Tyler's Whore, Soon-to-be Braxton's tramp. Which sorry loser will fall for her next?
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
Discipline...Desire...Dedication will give you Success On God's Terms...Gerald D. Rogers
#pokerplayerproblems RT : I wish I was as good at folding laundry as I am at folding cards.
They're only closing about 100 stores.. and none in NM.
Life is stabbinq me in the Heart.Nobody understands me. My Fam would never let me Down. Im stayinq Stronq no matter what life throws at me.
Hate that! RT: took a break from packing for found only empty vending machines in prep for m ...
damn not only does hate me becuz,of my bag he, will hate me more lol but its kool
All lasting business is built on friendship. - Alfred A. Montapert
B1 Live up!
Education Notebook: Central Georgia Tech aims to help low-income, minority students
I just got a call from someone asking if im fat. It was so weird
true, true... I need to come back to lakeside! Hey do you still have that "lakeside basketball" shirt? :)
Starting the day off the right way. Hitting the football field
keep drinking. rub some dirt in it.
We should've sprayed perfume on them yall ;)
They also hit 10 threes. Wow. RT : 62 = the Spurs scored 62 points in the paint in a Game 2 win vs Jazz, a playoff record.
Countdown at my current job is 9 days. Big plans in place for after that, and big plans also yet to be discovered.
Thanks so much for the info!
Every time he get the ball they "BOO" him! 😂
Glad to know that Ian Astbury is making a little $ during the Super Bowl
It must be dumb fuck Friday at work today!! all I can do is say wow and smh so happy I have a 1/2 day
That, and people citing their experience as "mangers", is a typo I see on at least a third of the resumes that cross my desk.
Sad that vacation is over and things must go back to normal, but thankful for the good times.
Does virgin wool come from ugly sheep?
Someone broke into my car once again and stole my credit card -___-
Awkward moment when having sex on a pull out couch and forgot to pull outb
I'd bet on Steve. RT : Why doesn't anyone name their racehorse 'Steve'?
lol ite well if you just want to save your money i'm coming up there this summer for sure
This is a very informative segment on AIDS and LGBT actions.
The report on stop & frisk is terrifying. I knew the issue & thought I knew the extent of it. Before I was mad. Now I'm outraged.
That would be awesome!
The love i feel here in Milwaukee is intense. It is raining & i am playing bar dice with some of the best people ever! God Bless this town.
hi sean!! how are you? i miss you & jade a ton!! will be in cali 13-20 we should catch up... :-)
inspired kid movie rating system. How many glasses of wine to get through it still sane? Lion King 2 must be at least 2.
#Cascabel was sold-out but I think I was the only person in the entire theatre who brought Tupperware :-)
Will this holiday season make you or break you?
Cause i have a feeling tomorrow my wardrobe is gonna have new clothes :)
WOW!!! Angel Taylor's "What's Coming To Ya" just did it for me! She sounds so beautiful as always!
OH: you can munch on my tots!
Taking wife and daughter to dinner at Boneyard Bistro later on. Life is good. Happy Mother's Day!
totally agree. Best part if the episode was her
i freaking love you. :)
House-Obsessed Homeowners Get Inspired by Social Media
Woo! I live for happy hour! Lol
CLEVELAND MELVIN, JOSH SELBY, AND WILL BARTON.....WATCH OUT 4 THEM
unsubscribing from a bunch of tweeters. Feeling good about it. Keeping you though
Now Following good look on the follow and make sure you check out www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87 thanks a lot
So you send me a text that says so I have a question and I replied this morning and I'm really nervous about it and you still havent replied
No amount of good innings in a single game can make up for 6 + baserunners in a single inning.
Did North Carolina also vote to deny equal rights to those who like shellfish and mixed fabrics?
Smh yeah right. copped. anything Knicks color on a decent model is copped
Cruise-In is in full swing -- fresh tamales & lots more -- awesome free raffle prizes including a racing jacket -- 79th & Foster
RT Free show today in Chicago @ Millennium Park, 4pm-5pm (WTMX Party in the Park)
You can never go wrong at the Palm Restaurant
Library was glad to be a part of the scavenger hunt-really got people in the door!
Uh, that was supposed to be an exclamation point.
Cherry Limeade from sonic tho >>>>>
can U help here? RT : how do you get a code for Choco Gets A Check Up,? would love one.
Let's go #DUKE, Let's go # DUKE, Let's go
I really hate when pple say they gonna do some and dont do it or cancel or change things at last minute
Crucial turnover by Avery Bradley. Feeding the post is a loss art! All players need to be able to feed the ball with both hands!
Spend two on her give her a rack
Atllanta..summer school and hopefully a job
Pitchfork... No longer #relevant. ": pitchfork listed superbass in the top 10 songs of the year. dead."
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear "STOP,POLICE!!"
Oh definitely !
damn you on your 4k
not only heard about it... witnessed it (sorta...)
Wow that sucks. What a great dog. RT Bummed to hear that Brewzer , the #RedSox spring training clubhouse dog, died
Morning Report: Local papers - Radio New Zealand
Back From Orlando:) HAPPY TO BE BACK
I love that cute thing you do were you don't text me back for hours. Adorable.
Lets go #hoosiernation! I want to toke with Christian Watford, I feel like he'd say something wise
Our Parent New Resources Consulting is seeking a .NET Dev for a short-term contract to start within the next week. DM for details.
Joe Johnson is like breakfast at the airport..."Not bad, wait I paid how much?" No filler, no crunch, all empty calories.
Can ya please stop running pick and rolls with Joel.
Thank you so much! Have a great night !
call back
#ItGetsMeMadWhen I try to show you I care but you just shun me off lol OK
At Ed's waterfront run: Embarcadero edition. Running then beers!
No one should ever talk shit about long distance relationships. If two people really love each other, distance shouldn't keep them apart.
At the Shout House celebrating birthday
Good tip for #jobseekers: RT : "Either you run the day or the day runs you." ~ Jim Rohn
see you tonight!
Nice lip synching, #Madonna. #EltonJohn was right.
We are overwhelmed by all the support we are getting!
Are there nationwide #internet and #phone problems?
It was great that Northwestern played Illinois at Wrigley Field & Notre Dame played Army at (new) Yankee Stadium. Hope it happens again.
Just ate tomato soup with a fork!
thanks! I'm still thinkin about bacon.
I just don't think it's a popular route. 3 years ago multiple airlines offered nonstop routes between PHL & CMH
no you didn't
The claustrophobic fear of an MRI this a.m.,was only heightened by the nurse saying"how about some Aerosmith while you're in there?"
I'll be there
this chick in my profile page is standing on her toes- makes me look 5"10 - wait I am 5"10 ... Lol
so i should stop
Quiet ones give me a peace of mind, call em' smart mouths.
Just ate for the first time since yesterday morning.. and I wasn't even hungry..
I can tell todays gonna be one of those shut the fuck up, i hate you,go die, days.
YOU'RE GETTING OLD ON ME! :( Hahahahaha just kidding!
Be back in LA soon.
Legs feelin like spaghetti...
I'm single. You're single. I like you. You like me. Am I missing something here;)?
embarrassment when u walk out house and have to go back in to change, cuz you realise that ur just too sexy for ur shirt :/
Great piece of writing capturing the magic and importance of Do Lectures! Well done!
if this dumb hoe get in my camera one more time, IMA BREAK HER GODDAMN NECK, cause thats how im feelin' right now.
*ABRACADABRA* nope, you're still a bitch.
nah saints just lost it, next year it's the cards big homie, btw you shoulda been pro bowler for sure
RT : SANTA arrives in #Littleton in 6 hours! Reindeer, candles, 1,000s of lights, free hot cider. Does it get any...
Dude. First off we're a company, not a person & second we don't think you're very fancy.
People who stare should be punched in the face!!
Best idea I have ever had someone rip off. Stand Up To Cancer. This one I don't mind as much about because it's for a good cause....
follow back?:)
Wow keeping in the game! On fire!
Thanks so much for #FF...Have a magical weekend:)
!!!!! RT : HIRING bartenders, servers, hosts, security, managers! Email !
Yes there was a Sir Mix-a-lot reference at the American Association of Museums conference.
If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
thank you! Built it on weebly, lots of tweaking along the way
Agreed!! We're excited to be in #UnionStation. Stay tuned.
Wow, iOS 5 has literally eliminated almost every reason I ever jailbroke. Can't wait to see how the community improves it!
Awesome!!!! Thanks for the info :-)
I just read the chat. 12:20 EST was a tough time for your predictions. Duke and Coleman?
euphoria by Calvin Klein. It smells amazing!
- Welcome Conrad! Thanks for following! Let's work together in 2012! Robin Lynch Aerialist
lmao RT #schoolmemories Cheating in heads down thumbs up by looking at the people's shoes
On February 28th Epicom will be hosting the first of a 3 part series on email campaigns. Register now to get free #SugarCRM training!...
freezing my butt off. why am I so cold?!
McDonald's should start gearing ads toward their target audience: husky toddlers and seagulls.
Hot tea w honey, no lemon. And uh...no talking. LOL
Friggin allergist didnt call me like she said she would before her vacation. Good thing i stocked up on epi pens for the weekend.
You are not a beautiful or unique snowflake
#solidarity In action: MoveOn.org members have sent 260,000+ statements of support to
Stop tweeting about IndyCar and start getting ready for bball. said you're going. Outlaws 4v5 nightmares.
make that money dont let it make you.
hahaha i have no idea! i haven't talked to any canadians in forever actually...that's kind of sad...
YOUR BLOWING ME UP! IS THIS YOUR WAY OF PAYBACK!?
u go hard with the beatz my dude
jack off jill
oh yeah??
Hell it ain't even the first time this month. Complete strangers treat me better than so called friends.
lets go kevin and the 29 teams lets get the car in victory lane or take a top 5 i want jeff burton and paul menard to have good run too!
why u been a stranger ? Wtf
I love you zack morris RT : It's alright because I'm saved by the bell.
any captions yet?
Planning fitness activities for a different kind of Mommy and Me program.
I feel like going to school makes me more dumb because of the people I have to interact with.
hello my beautiful sis!!!!
Happy Thanksgiving, over the hills and thru the woods to grandmothers house we go.. May you and your family drive safe and have fun.
Anybody going to Miami or Vegas for memorial day?
Stoked for our show in NOLA tonight with ! Planning on making some trouble around town afterwards
After hours of tweaking, I think we're almost done with the SOL trailer. Perhaps we'll have something to post tomorrow.
He prolly faked the knee cuz he swallowed some of his chaw
Good follow
We keep getting air conditioner advertising flyers at our front door. Do they know something? Our ancient unit really must last this summer.
commence baking day two.
Did you visit the Space Needle that day?
Amazing to see the economic optimism in Germany....and the growth.
I love #boyfriend it waz AMAZING <3
There are only 3 $12 Tuesdays left. We will be changing it it for the new year.
futile? Yes: taking credit.
No need to let your past determine your future (:
Somebody make me laugh...
Imma take Martin to the Puppy Park!
My former colleague Tim Roberts and I wrote the grant that brought that to Western Illinois Univ!
It's looking like 's show at is going to sell out today. Go grab your tix while they are still available!
Selena Gomez and Taylor Swift were the big winners at the 2011 Teen Choice awards, taking home five and six wins, respectively.
Just saw
When are you going to make it happen?
seriously???? iam being serious....
Man I cant figure out to to eat:-( Thanks to my sister for piss poor shopping. Dont worry,, at work im eat everything up
I just did like 20 assignments for english ugh
Can't connect to the ttu web. You only connect once.
happy bday Andy!! ❤
Long story!
i think i watch jackass once a week haha
Just had dinner and a movie with my brother. I love family time.
Like im a DOMINO!!!! Hahahah
Hey. Do U know how a person would go about designating proceeds from a specific song sales from iTunes to a charity? Who might?
whether or not Don Lily approves is kinda my new favorite hashtag. Second to
Happy birthday Kurasawa!
RT : Bodies hot and horny
GM Tweeps, have a lovely day!
thanks dawg - spread the word over on the other side of the pond!
Just finished blog on how the simple use of mirrors can be an effective tool to help ADHD children to focus on and complete their schoolwork
Get High & Listen to some Sade 
I can totally understand that
FINAL SEASON!? A fifth and final season of Big Love arrives January 16.
Once I get to three sets of twelve at 225 I will be happy but first I have to be able to do just one set of 12 lol. I got a lot of work 2 do
oh! he's even a better one!! i would NEVER mess with AJ! :)
three day weekend just turned into working 2 of the 3 days
thats freaking crazy!!
Who gets hurt playing kickball???????? My brother that's who... I couldn't help it, I fell down laughing
I support everything in this tweet
Nope. Got a much, much, much better offer from Georgia Tech.
o ok
well so are you, miss :)
Your parents gift is the gift that keeps on giving :) I think ate 5 Tangelos in one day!
Go & Broncos! Great game!
Need another older women to talk too
Scott County girls' basketball wins on Senior Night, topping Pendleton Co. 93-52.
ooc; How long?
Missouri, my dear state, you disappoint me. Goodnight.
It's a kind of morning
hey wats up
This is so not going to work. He's adamant that it would be impossible to be in a relationship.
metaphysical tasks take the most energy: staying present, thinking creatively, rejecting all 'acceptable' options, courage to be yourself.
I think they secretly like it :)
I really don't want to see another live action show on Cartoon Network at any time of day.
“ Basketball is instinct .I learned how to play from drug dealers” who cares, its your job. be mature and control yourself.
ironic that I played the flute in band until sophomore year of high school? I think not...
LAST DAY OF MIDTERMS TOMORROW
Watching movies just know
thanks for following me :) #MUCHLOVE <3
I just retweeted ....
You there?
My Fair Wedding with David Tutera is amazing.
Remember when I lost six pounds after I peed at Mackenna's house?
Justin aprahamian just blew my mind. Only 3rd coursr
Wait. Nope I can't get comfy.
App update submitted to App Store. Time to relax.
There have been requests for a beer booze camp. I'm gonna need to talk to the fine folks
They will make a movie about this season and Man City winning the title. Unbelievable end to the season.
What are you offering?
Stop tripping bout that pussy cuz it ain't yours
Anyone who I've ever made fun of for a soar throat in my life, I'm sorry. Bad karma is living in my throat right now.
Not sure wat that IOS update did
Creating Community does not mean always talking about yourself.
I'm about to get mad 😠
I am in a shockingly good mood today!
that's so good we only have one mom
excellent i.s.s. pass tonight, passing near venus and crossing the moon.. you should have seen it..
High as a motherfucker :-) yeahh buddy!
Hey michele what's up ? Had fun yesterday with you guys and I had fun talking to you :)
I'm so sick of the fucking dial tone. Fucking pick up the phone when I call. It's not that fucking complicated. I'm so angry.
RT! ": I love NICKI new song"
2 ANY PERSON FRIEND FOE OR INDIFFERENT WHOS EVER HATED ON ME OR TALKED SHIT ABOUT ME 4 SIMPLY TRYIN 2 SQUARE MY LIFE AWAY KISS MY ENTIRE ASS
good look bro.
Why did I wake up and think it was a summer day..?
So true! On another note, we need to grab coffee or a drink ASAP!
When life keeps slapping you in the face harder and harder, but friends are there to heal the wounds
Washington Redskins 17 St. Louis Rams 0 End Of 3rd #redskins #rams #nfl (Via )
Crazy Friday getting to you later than normal ;D have a great #FF C U later XO
#DidYouKnow: 21% of the #MarilynMonroe estate was unnecessarily lost due to settlement costs and death taxes!
posted at tha pad playing black ops... you play college basketball ?
ok...5 days in I'll let you know cause #chocolate is my vice :)
Sprint trippin my calls keepin droppin so I'm just gone txt until they fix the problem
Too many people are acting too stupid for the country's good. You know there is going to be a big wake-up call one of these days.
real talk. It sucks bro!
Just ran into Daniel Craig outside Laduree. Quel chance!
Settling into fish & chips at Biergarten on N. Western.
Now...i am ready to party.
RT : Watch #acquia twitter stream @ 11AM ET to vote for Launch Pad Final Four + donate to a good cause!
me and haley just walked to nates house with our hoods up and saggin .. he locked the door and ran away ..
AJ on KQ10 two hearts vs KQ and Jh9h all in on flop.... I hold (no idea how).. 25k going into dinner
can you clic my follow button to see if it works?
Way to tweet from the wrong account, self.
What was your 1st digital camera?
roxanne* you* chinese*
Orange juice and a blunt for breakfast, while i read the paper..finna hit the block, bout to see some paper..
nah I left before it came down
How about them #Gators, another #elite8, I hope this year they can keep it going!
He was good. Good genes.
We have a new promoter! Say hello to Josh. I've been lacking internet at my house which explains my absence so he's taking over for me!
um family plane?!?! are you secretly a millionaire and didn't tell me??
I just bought over 200 dollars worth of stuff in Express..Next stop:) Then a break for some breakfast!!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 25
you don't copyright names Sags.
just vaccation =) I'm good to =) excited for tomorrow =) x
Yea warm weather.. !
Fact Check: Nathan Fletcher has always been ProChoice and for strong Women's Rights. To make this a issue now is just politics as usual....
WWW clippers...fighting hard in the dogfight
Not my fault xD
don't stress! I'm sure you'll do great!
Thought I was done with Ikea but IT IS NOT DONE WITH ME.
Oh my god! My post about the tan lady got 752 hits!
New business cards, new site, new job! Come Friday, I'm a free woman!
I bet the T-Rex used to get joked about all the time in high school wit them bony little arms, but guess who got the last laugh!!
Sometimes being confused is just denial of the obvious
Thanks ! No worries--if it were up to me, I would most likely choose #SXSW :)
yesterday we turned in more than a 1000 voter Registration forms at the deadline for Registration for our primary
Even with Dirk's German roots, you don't think he could latch on to some German companies looking to make an impact here? VW?
"i live on snow mountain... in colorado, you know?"
Monday's are so busy!!!
Storm Team 8's Steve Jerve about to break in to local programming to update status of #tornadowarning in Manatee County.
Words cannot explain right now. Definitely gonna be one of those sleepless nighta
single pointed focus
You can't find the right answer if you ask the wrong questions.
perhaps something with you?
but you have good form.
#nationalbeerday so come spend it with us today and tonight! m Oatmeal Porter!! Still have all of our #Bourbnbeers !!
Oh, yes. Haven't you heard?!
Happy ! Does this mean I can just read all day instead of work? ;-)
A long, hot & sticky day remedied by a refreshing Über Pils!
The only good thing about the race is the night before if we could just have that and not have the race I'd be happy because all this tr ...
Glad I came to my intern..my goal is to have a total of 5 news pkges..more standup and a GREAT INTERN NEWSCAST TO PUT ON MY REEL!!
We’re giving away the new iPad, Fire SWAG, and tix during the game tonight, stop in to win!
You have to call them usually, but Delta, Lufthansa, Aer Lingus, LOT Polish. Air France that I remember.
RT Why is Facebook telling my friends that I am in Biggin Hill? Where the hell is that?! It sounds made up. <> lmao
"i never give a damn about a hater: got money on my radar"
Rethink - Re-engineer -Redeploy all the things going on in your life and take control and become the master of it.
got what I wanted..for the games to begin. Got to see the D-League play Thanksgiving, but ready for my Mavericks...
i tweet everything i feel and yet everything remains the same...=(
Just blaze man
If you like to travel often - We like to hear from you!
Busy day! Nashville, then to Bowling Green now at Munfordville. Long day but much accomplished
Thanks for noticing and mentioning the award. We are so excited to have gotten here!
Track and Field Season -
it is in greenwood smith valley and averitt rd right by greenwood high. Now but ud be okay to send ur resume in.
Got Plans Tonight? Omega Psi Phi is holding a Happy Hour for CASA from 6-10 PM at Evilla- 917 Cathedral St., No Cover, Gift Cards Requested.
someone's a loser... guess who... YOU. :)
Come to the Home and Garden Market in Dallas and Houston in Sept. “from ceilings to floors... and more!” www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
If an actor "hates" auditioning, he's not going to get many auditions. No matter how many times he submits. You gotta love the process.
Is it bad that I've never eaten at Whataburger?
thanks babe x
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.
Any startups out there that make the process of keeping up with car maintenance history/records easier?
Josh Ham with a slam! Now just 3 outs for the win!
well today wasn't as bad. we need to have a popsicle party!
Thanks. It totally sounded like something I could hear him saying.
#TheGhostofHarrenhal haunts those that do not fear the return of the Khalessi and her dragons.
Health care continued to add jobs in December +23,000/employment in hospitals increased +10,000. Health care employment has risen by 315,000
"death is so boring"
There are more women in the porn business than in congress and the health care field together. No wonder we aren't making any progress.
Looking for a #career? Check out the world of #logistics! Follow
Please Melissa Leo, drop the F Bomb again. That bit always kills.
Getting ready to go sit for the #cprp certification exam.
Thanks for following ... I'm a big fan.
have u tried their chai tea latte? It's so good! It has a really strong cloves flavor
Happy Mothers Day
my Ss were blown away by the video. , my fiancée the comic aficionado told me about it.
Congratulations Chelsea!
lol never again would I let them choose the
Spoke too soon, apparently. My train to Shady Grove holding at Gallery Place for unknown reason.
After looking at the pictures of Coachella I think everyone saw Molly !
Thx , O Schmid of , P Woit of , G Drakes of , A Adler of for great event ystrday!
golf wise? Have u seen kaenon? “: what sunglasses should we be rockin this summer ?”
Joe took a verse. Now Al's up.
Congratulations on being an ALA superstar, lady!
Congrats to I love your heart man.
can a navy sailor ask you all for a favor? Can you please retweet #gonavybeatarmy it would mean the world to us sailors
Exactly, just how many times have the police shown up at their place that they can recognize them by their knock, lol.
Just saw a Perry The Platypus RV omg badasss
lol! Maybe I shouldn't have used my twitter handle : )
Hope it helped! RT : I am in a hotel room and sick, with a business dinner in 2.5 hours. Thank God for Stash mint tea.
blake got lucky lol
My dad just handed out $100 to all of us (meaning 9 people)..for what? I don't know but hey I'll take it! Lol
I'll make sure I'm there with Sneakers!
Las Vegas locals, follow for the best massage rates in town!
Happy Wednesday! Half way through the week! :)
Lets me get you coffee this week and give you some copies of stuff. Thanks!
Glad you won! You're kind of a big deal in my book - leather bound, of course. Great to see you today.
Time to set up WI solar booth at #WREF2012! Beautiful am in Denver
Imy too my love
you gotta let me know how that concert went brah.
go get a good run or 2 this weekend and do ALOT of Abbs !!
what's going on sum random chic lol
Patience can be painful at times.
thanks can't wait be nice if u would Post the count down everyday !:)
concert was awesome la la loved it<3
jake, drake. hey. it rhymes.
#Oomf is just salt cause i cant fit them in my schedule.
Apparently #SportingKC GK Nielsen didn't get enough stretching before the game?
New season. Same formula: 1. Packers score. 2. Celebrate by throwing candy. 3. Repeat. Share, retweet, scrawl above the urinals at Lambeau!
Living in the South it's hard to hear good music from home....so I will definitly be on the look out...
This thunder sounds like we're getting bombed!
Omg so many pages in this contract to read! :-/ looking forward to lunch with a bowl of #Pho!
You can do it!
RT Excited about #LUCIANO confirmed!! Sun May 20 #reggae < we'll be filming and live streaming
ues it bothers me to I just feel for the girls they shouldn't see their mom get beat!
The best way to make people remember you? Borrow money from them. :-P
bought to grub out on some pozole right noww
Check out the tripled kids chapter and series sections. More Junie B Jones and Magic Tree House and Roald Dahl and Beverly Cleary and ...
Finally back on track with #insanity. Feels soo good
#313DLove Can't leave out the Rivera murals at the DIA...
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you understand what anuptaphobia is and will help me fix it.
Munching some orange for late night snack. It's a great source of fiber and vitamin C (116%!!). Medium orange has only 68 calories
from a party store...it's plastic ;)
thanks for sharing! are you planning on coming to the screening?
THIS FRIDAY we are direct support for RVA locals and Nat. Recording Artist live at Breakers Southside!
heard that!!!
rough day?
Happy birthday from all of us at Simon Jones!
Headed to Atlanta for a screening of our film
I'm jealous of the people going to the midnight premiere of the avengers!
RT : If God leads you to it, he will lead you through it
you guys are the best!!!! Thank you for my flowers Awesome surprise!
counting down the months until its my bday sep 5!
Same! RT : Getting ready for the #styleliner reception in DC!
We are packed with TOPTIONAL ppl today! Love this place!
Emergency personnel continually monitoring the situation. We will keep everyone informed if any schools will be delayed or closed
Ted Nugent Furious Army Nixed Gig Over Obama Comments, Does He Have A Point? - Cinema Blend
Rockin #aero that's that shit I don't like
Hi ! Happy Holidays! You can try calling them first on weekdays.
Needed: Raps Songs ala Jay-Z/Kanye West for an upcoming '2012 Film Project'. email:
I truly am The King of Things! What, don't get the reference? Go read some religion.
FOUR FOR YOU GLEN COCO. YOU GO GLEN COCO.
Where's the love world?
you're very welcome!
Your not sorry you did it your sorry I found out ..
Your Are Following Offical Site For www.wetechblog.wordpress.com for Updates
4 MORE DAYS OF KYLE PIERCING! Don't miss out! Come on down and get pierced say whats up to Kyle and get 20% off your jewelry.
Bulls season isn't done, even if D rose is. We beat the heat by like 20 w/o him. Fuck it. Let's go Bulls!
D3 offering sincere congrats to candidates: K.H., R.P. & N.H.! Also, well wishes going out today to M.G. from D3!
": I didn't reheat pizza leftovers... I ate em cold. #GutsyCall"
Sweet! Can't wait to hear all about it!
i gotta have that show me that cat put you on yo stomach get to hittin you from the back have heart attack she really really strapped
Yeah, it hasn't been too slammed (hence being able to tweet).. I think it's hunger-enduced crankiness!
BUT CLEARLY MORGAN WAS OUT
If you walk away, everyday
This month, come check out our genealogy display and learn about how to use the sources @ your library!
Jake Arrieta has gotten the big ground out when he needs it. Has a man on first right now with Mauer at the plate. Mauer GDP first inn.
that's LOVE
#Soldiers GOD LOVES YOU. Woodsboro Baptist Church, GOD DOESN"T LOVE YOU
I can forgive you, but I will never trust you again.</3>.<
You're very welcome!
Ray stanz....the heart of the Ghostbusters
Did manage to find time to adhere to original plan, though. Laid 3 instruments and 5 vocals on a demo this afternoon in about an hour.
MT honored 2 B speaking w/ Time 2 show the city what our youth is made of!
We are new @ twitter :)
Friendship is like a staircase, when you make your way to the top. Someone is waiting to push you down
27NB 11 min early or 20 late. 27SB due at 1 at least 15 min late. I've given up waiting.
RT: hope to see you tomorrow at LIVE recording will be I'm just saying we miss u ««YES
oh snap chicken parm? I just might have to finagle my way into the DeSalvatore resort tonight for that one! :)
woot! Great company :)
Fly safe, and enjoy our city!
#computerFroze ... Now I gotta wait for it boot up ....
. Scott Wittman is in the audience watching as Marc Shaiman plays piano. Love it!
Might make a new Twitter. Not sure yet. :/
haha. nope. She's going out of town & doesn't want to leave her car at work. I hate driving at night. Haha.
Shit is crazy gotta take the insanely retarded as it comes I guess lmao
I do my research....know that
I always hold off on tweets because I want to have something to actually say, but then I see the rambling stream of consciousness on my feed
My trusty #foodallergy travel snacks: dark chocolate, trail mix, peanut butter Larabars!
Guy I passed around midnight last night in Los Feliz, to his two friends: "It's like a potpourri night. Everything's on the table."
thought so.
Join my team! www.tinyurl.com/2011WisconsinChallengeWalk
I'm limiting myself to 30 tweets per day, which will start today. 29 more to go.
An IT manager asked if we should have shorter timeouts for our "mobile apps". My question is what's a mobile device? Any thoughts?
Everybody is voicing their opinions out loud like its important they entitle 2 their opinions its like the flu we're all caught it once
Bank of Albuquerque has numerous Asst. Branch Manager (Traditional and In Store) openings available. 505.855.0845
follow back I have followed you
President Calvin Coolidge reportedly said, If you don't say anything, you won't be called upon to repeat it
Down at the finish line watching the steady stream of walkers getting their finisher medals! You guys rock.
#Summer2012 is getting closer and closer :))
If I grew a stache like that, could I get some run support?
un huh
Outdoor fire warning issued for wide region
Exactly, it's a habit. If I won't get my apple, I don't feel satisfied, haha!
Let's Go Red Wings!
Awesome! It's so great! I was impressed with the locations that were on there that I thought were hidden gems!
could we still get autographs or pictures even if we didnt get vip tickets?? Because I made braclets for all of u
I might throw a party when he finally retires. Seriously can't stand that guy.
two weeks left in melbourne.... </3
Invisible Dangers of Cell Phone Radiation BloGadgeTech.flv
Get to see my best friend later ;)
Peter Jurkin finally got some penetration.
what's done is done.
Man I finally finished watching. Jordan N Rachel were crying! LOL! Jeff was going to be the target next week anyway. Whatudoing?
See Argentina for lessons in economic recovery. "Defaulting on debt, devaluing currency => freedom to radically change policies: Weisbrot
When I was buying condoms, the check out girl asked me "Would you like a bag sir?" I replied No thanks, she's not that ugly.
help someone 'have a cow' today, follow the good works of
Blows my mind that medical professionals and the NFL are only recently tying head trauma and football.
Just now seeing these #FF 's !! Thanks for the shout we really appreciate it.
our city is amazing in the fall.
Happy mothers day mommy! Love you. 💓👩
I gave +K about Unicorns on - I guess they really are experts on Unicorns!
If you are implying something just say it...
we followed them (:
#TrueConfessions I'm scared to think of what will happen when my future boyfriend sees my scars...
yah. I wonder who these visitors are. What works for one museum may not work for all
hot boy at dyouville?! WHERE!
you did AMAZING tonight. You are so talented!! Great tribute to a great Man. Lionel Ritchie
"All trauma Stories"...my Google news feed...hm....click or not to click?
did she give your name personally?
Goodnight amazing peeps
Shout out to for coming thru to Detroit and killin the show like he was right at home! #DETxCHI Midwest Connect!
When you have no words, why not stop and be silent? There's beauty in the quiet. God often speaks in a whisper.
"Neal came highly recommended from a family member for the purchase of my new (used) vehicle. I let him know what my specifications were...
lol, it's better to be honest
WE LOVE YOU <3
Ok lol #FridayNightHeat RT : My TL is full of people who want some sexual healing o.O * throws holy water *
lol no I don't want to watch it I see it enough on my TL .
RT : So I'm super excited about meeting some of the team at this summer!
:: WI Appeals Court rules voter ID law will not be used for 6/5 recall election. Details on
Looking forward to doing Jessica's O's Christmas Party this weekend.This party will be a blast!
What did you do over the weekend? Best story gets my love and admiration!!
So many new tunes...they're coming in like a flood. Riding the wave. Looking forward to being in Sarasota August 26th.
Lmaoo I can't eve see ten screen ont phone. I'm gone son.
Bust a nut.
Summer is literally screaming my name.
Himym on netflix. Watching the amazing Pretty sure this makes my night amazing!
Still sorta sound like a frog? Unfortunately. Fuck. ><
I wish I was feeling better . 😣
Back off. !!! I ain't afraid to use this!!! (takes out inhaler) lmao idiot. (:
Welcome back to #Milwaukee, Hank Aaron. commencement speaker was a great ballplayer, but is an even greater man.
YEAH do u play any sport??? i do volleyball and gymnistics
RT : Q3) How does LoD differ in corporations vs academia?
Yep, didn't sleep last night. Again. Super awesome. Happy Mother's Day to the BEST mom and friend in the world - mine!
it's a good club to be in!
lol that's pretty cool! Ok kiddo- safe travels & keep in touch!
LMAO u retard! I just saw this. HAHA!
thank you !
Honey cocaine
Us too! Batten down the hatches and then, down the hatch! RT : major freaked. and now drinking....
The Live song, or what's actually happening in Melbourne ATM?
The name Gabriella doesn't fit me. -.-'
Looking forward to this evening's #wvgov Q&A at #WVU at 7:30pm, Business & Econ Bldg, room 230. Hope you can join us!
The problem with the #Cardinals is that with matheny as manager they are going to do better than expected
nice yoga pants where you get those? #yaman?
can not be verified as the originator of posted content. User is under investigation for possible violations of copyright law.
lol ima get me a gas card or something tomorrow morning
Why is Danny granger so bad right now
Thanksgiving around the corner! Want to take a sec to say I am thankful for Life's Journey, incl the chance to meet each of You!
Politicians considering increasing FHA down payment to 5% from today's 3.5% and dis-allowing financed closing costs by lenders.
MUCH better than the first one. Up top! LOL
There is nothing more beautiful than a day like this in New York City.
hahah him believing us <<<<
Without discontent and desperate times there would be no opportunity to test your resolve - which ultimately shapes who you are.
Just gave a demo at pycon 2012.
Maybe a chapter from What is History by Edward Carr? Useful though old. I just read it for a historiography course.
If it were not for the last minute nothing would get done!
God, if I can’t have what I want, let me want what I have.
What's good on tv tonight? I need more shows to record.
interactive game design doubles as ethnography of student understanding of college and careers #
Y am I hungry!?
I really dont care about anything anymore .
That hand will be punching me.
officially 28 years old...this should be a good year!
I just listened to that video and loved it!
haha--he is your kind of guy! Can't wait to see you soon!
Pelosi et al calling for one of the few dems with any balls to step down because he showed 'em off? Fuck that, cowards. Whip it out Anthony.
Im Sick And Tired To Hide To Mess That I Am .
Help me, stop my tears, and I will sing your goodness. Lord, give me words and I will shout your praise
Good morning world. Time to get working on some music. Coffee and a guitar.
No Cesc, Pique or Sanchez in the starting lineup.
Interesting article and sobering information as costs keep increasing across highered. Unrestricted donor dollars are critical.
Preach it!
Sometimes you just gotta have a little bit of......
The way one single person was so powerful in the way to manipulate people, amazing.
Today our education folks will host more than 100 students from MacArthur HS at Mission Reach Phase I for a REWIND program.
To Catch A Predator is trending.....
Someone nice please come rub my back and then maybe spoon with me.
thank you :D
Thank you everyone who is following me
Wow, our prayers are with you Japan...
I have urged coverage. I think we're working on it? Missed the start.
So ready to have the next couple months over with so I can just move away but at the same time I wanna stay
V glad to hear USF is implementing a smoking policy. I have not so fond memories of having to walk thru clouds of smoke to get to class.
are you home??
I thought I read Odd Future is going on juice cleanse, "fast food is no joke." I was like no way! Then saw its Brite Future.
Averted by some happy stroke of fortune
#ff <-- *beep, beep, beep* who is in her home away from home
Opinions on 'salary history' for job apps? Show you can follow instructions by obeying or does inclusion hurt more than help?
HAHAHAHHA this will be great:))
When did asking someone to the prom become such a public display?
If you actually watched the black frame, you would see some 'maya frame' stuff, which clearly means that this isn't finished
Penguins (I know)!
Nicki isn't fat, ugly or fake. YOU HATERS ARE JUST FULL OF SHIT.
I hate texting as much as I hate phone calls. Leave me alone, world.
few are better to watch than #CaptainCally - great first period
armies of RAs. UCSB did a TV content analysis in the early 90s and had RAs swapping VCR tapes constantly.
Spent 30 minutes pedaling and I was able to burn off a honey bun. YAY!
A1 type of guy
OMG- did u just walk past me in the line for the monster man wrap party?
On the road again !
harder the challenge, the sweeter the victory :)
Just finished Prince of Persia. Nice action flick.
Good night everybody!! Time to get all the energy back. Tomorrow is a new day! Xoxo
Watching music movies for inspiration while recording: lonely island, Dresden dolls live, music and lyrics.
it's the time difference and te world trying to keep us apart ;P I might open a fb for just my two lovelies though b/c
I can talk to a girl and ask them out but they either say no or like me but want to just be in that 'bro and sis' stage. So complicated.....
#Adele was so amazing at the vmas
Dear Netflix, dubbed movies are criminal. Please stop purchasing them. Thanks, Zak
Hay fever is actually not an accurate name, as hay is just one of a myriad of allergens which can cause seasonal allergy symptoms, and...
S/O to Jerome Hicks, Patrick Turner, Chris Brooks for providing fantastic music this weekend!
MY TEETH ARE FUCKING KILLING ME
I was at the game today. Very, very special puck drop. Glad I was there.
Team Chicago has been in that little room for a long time.
SOMEBODDY LEFT THE GATE UP!
Great! We'll have live music from the Benderz!
Clinton Cards have gone into administration… Another High Street name potentially gone.
I need some motivation to write this 4 page paper 😉
i already followed lol can i get a follow back please :)
you are mister rogers.
i wish today was a day me , kaitlyn & could have our girls day :/
Kids thought it was funny that librarians across globe were freaking out that #noodletools was down today, but they looked concerned too!
what's a fan base
not many things make me happier than cheetah print
Yeah Yeah..
c u tweetin think u pretty hot!!!
#libraryschool quotes "the fate of the entire world depends on you!" possibly my favorite lol
RT : "If you think your Easter competition is the church across town, you don’t have a clue."
Bouncing down the sidewalk listening to Happiness by
thanks for the follow!!! We won't dissapoint!!
I guess having an elderly man hit on you isn’t too hot. AND Yup, saw em. Don't really like them, but they are so fun live.
dude, I'm heading to 'lola's' to eat too. Lola is my grandmother x]
welcome to the hood! You're gonna love it. Headin to a party across town. You?
Have you said #yes today?
Giving new meaning to Going Green! Personally I can't deal with reusable bags- I'm just too freaked out by the germs.
Current topic at #pubcampwest - Why aren't our orgs more OF the community, instead of having to "visit" them as outsiders? esp. in
If you want me to follow you tweet me your username. I connected it to my other Twitter so it doesn't find y'all as friends ;)
My mom would never let me get it haha. But I know whatcha mean. Like looks so cute!
Thanks, Karen. It's a LONG haul . . .
awesome, I love that shade, pics soon please! ;)
who is watching right now I am
Nice to meet Mike of Mike Wells Mastering last night over a beer, looking forward to mastering this record soon!
So, Lone Star, now you see that evil will always triumph because good is dumb.
it is never ok to not wear a bra in public, bye
Sure. Read Steve Scafidi's poem "Latitudes of Desire" and have students compose their own poem following Blacksburg VA's lat. line.
RT“: don't let the high go to waste.”
hi little one
you know I gets it in
Yeah, of the 95% of the people there I knew, 40% still owed me money Laugh Factory Christmas Party was mad fun! Peace'
THINK I MIGHT CRASH EARLY!
cause that truth hurts and those lies heal ♥
how in the world did get cool smiley faces with sun glasses?? 😡
I see we hav some og's n common wreckx work & some nu too much luv Fam M
your account is sending spam
What kind of kid doesn't watch cartoons and hates chocolate?
It's not enough to convince those in your organization of your value. You need to go beyond the walls of the organization. Kane
Truism: "Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel." - Jimi Hendrix
#CRAP D-Rose.
3-2 pens lmao "smiling like a butchers dog"
CONGRATS to the Alabama #CrimsonTide for winning the #BCS National Championship!
We are the No. 1 #JoelLanders! :)
So much snow!
Only has dreams about people texting her pictures of food
I LOVE that place! So jealous!!
. - so thrilled to be in this first scholarship group, can't wait to meet everyone, winners and ONA folks, in the fall!
nothing cats do is ever peaceful. That is what you call "laying in wait, preparing to attack"
Creativity is the residue of wasted time
At CSU San Marcos hearing about curbing teen pregnancy amongst Latinas. More than half of US Latinas have a baby before turning 20.
We run LA
Sending you a #ff shout out and thanks for the RT earlier this week!
RT : "Achieving starts with believing." ~Unknown #quote RT
My nose seems determined to go all ' code milky green' on me.
Reached out 2 you on FreedomRiders. Not sure if you are a member of cultureID (it's free!). If not, pls join & write abt
amanda show!
It looks like rain
if i worked for Target i'd be at a meeting today with shakira, faith hill, renee zellweger and black eyed peas to boot
but yours goes to 11 doesnt it?
2 1/2 hours until my day is over and I can't wait!!!!
#Health #Tip: Pack more veggies into ur grocery #budget by going frozen. Often cheaper, frozen produce retains more nutrients than fresh!
If you are not paying attention to the news right now, get on it.
Zayn is hot, Nialler is hot, Hazza is hot, Lou is hot, Liam is hot, WHATS UP WITH THAT
Breakfast at the Warricks'!
Watching the celebration, I don't think it was Mr. Weaver's 1st refreshment of the night.
Book you party in our Private Dining Room on a Monday for a reduced minimum food & beverage expenditure! Call for details.
Happy and Successful New Year !
I was in the business for ten years. I also was privy when I was with the team. I could tell you stories.
USA Musicians Network Keeping American Music Alive! Our Objective is to foster and encourage creative partnerships with musicians and venues
Stressed spelled backwards is desserts <3
er, by all means say that about me if you wish but don't use an RT and make it look like said it!
Don't let the game extort ya...
Let me see how good these new headphones are
#GCB is hilarious!
It's going to be 50 degrees tomorrow! Make sure to stop by for $1 oysters and $5 martinis!
#SandraBullock speaks German...HOT!
Buttercup just had #9 WHOA !! more than I predicted for her .
Some amazing staff are headed to some amazing camps this summer! what are you most excited for this summer?
☆ "Life isn't hard at all, it depends on how you apply LOVE in doing things." ☆
Thanks for the mention! We DO have some great stories!
Invest in yourself, Workout with me. #HollywoodPersonalTrainingwithAJ RT
Jesus Christ kid. Slow down RT : I need a pipe. Fuck
does that mean their grades can also be 'in beta'? ;)
Alanna and Madison(:
There are freeze watches and warnings out for north/central NJ tonight and (gasp!) a shot at some snow tomorrow night in northern counties.
Ppl always gotta hate what they don't understand
wow! has their account on lockdown & will confirm you as a friend. I'm from Wisconsin! WTF doesn't Pickles have an account! L_S_D!
Becoming a pro at pro!
What she orda?
RT : Someone got to The Good Phight by Googling "bryce harper virginity"
kettle corn & smart water
Well it IS bday next week
"mom, I have a sore throat" "ok I'm taking you to the doctor tomorrow" "to who?" "______" "ne'mind, it doesn't hurt anymore.
no, swear u was prolly on that stuff lol
Motor racing-Out of the Blue, Sauber F1 do Chelsea deal
RT : Congratulations to all the Huskies who are graduating today and tomorrow! Welcome to the alumni family!
Enough ESPN. Can we get back to covering sports please!
True wisdom is to ... change with good grace in changing circumstances. - Robert Louis Stevenson.
i think, and then i think about what i'm thinking...just gets into this crazy russian doll situation
We all need to be thankful for what we have, and what we are. Some people don't get the chance to be what they want to be.
If Arsenal, Barca, & Timbers win, this could be a perfect day...
then they see that last tweet and realize it was about them. lol idgaf
I'm hoping to find ______________ at the Flea! (Fill in the blank)
Just got a text from , all the way from Guinea!!!
:-) Sleep well!! And you're right. Just send it off to friends.
My local radio station said they might interview One Direction sometime in the future!!
she was....logical.
RT : Happy New Years to & all my fam. Yall are my team till the death of me
Getting the showers water temp right is one of the hardest things to do but When it happens it's one of the best
Exciting time to be Things looking up after months of grinding.
puppy can sniff it from ovah there?!
Rodney O and Joe Cooley - But You Don't Hear Me Tho RT favorite old school west coast songs?
Hey what's up ? You and your friends coming to the karaoke/spoken word show tonight at iLounge? 8pm. 1287 D Glenwood Ave, ATL
I think I'm going Saturday with my brother & dad & Eric. :) Belated birthday PARTAY.
Cloverdale's Citrus Fair is in full swing. Time to party and watch the parade!
You're website is terrific!
I hate that feeling when you close your eyes to apply shampoo, and get paranoid that someone will kill you in the shower. :P
That roast beef sandwich… I think the phrase is 'nom, nom, nom'. /cc
I'll be in and out of #flipclass chat tonight.
#FF RT : Who wants to donate to my Kickstarter coffee table book of gruesome crime scene photos INSTAGRAM'd?
Should the trade for ?
It was called "From Jesus to Christ" and it was fascinating. Really well done.
Community service today in south Dallas.
Interesting research in MW today identifying 18-24yr olds groups: Go Getters, Passive Massive, Cotton Wool Kids, Shundergrads & Minimum Rage
I'm at Wix Lounge for #pubslush event.
am correcting my prior tweet to say AND you have impressive intelligence. Truth.
“: Call MN before May 3and request he stop the #wolf hunt. " please rt & help
My cat just darted out of the room when the front door opened. Cracking up lol
you too? Hahaha I used to think he was hot
Well yeah. These people know what they're in for when they sign up then act like idiots
Council of Baptist Pastors gave their support for Council and Mayor Bing to sign the consent agreement as it retains local elected powers.
: is that your wife or g.f ? She's very pretty
Getting Hannah ready for her television debut on The Morning Blend! (MKE NBC...we're on at 9:48am)
I never let a wookie come between us 😉. Seriously though...the films are worth watching for the John Williams score alone
If I worked in the Fantasy Factory everything would be alright
When did being quiet get dropped from etiquette at the public library? I think it would be easier to read/work inside a jet engine.
I thought it was comical
scrappin' the jaw, scrappin' the jaw!
thanks for your perspective - we are fans
#sorry for not telling you how much you ment to me
Way to young to be stressing over stupid shit
Skipping my two classes today and going shopping with my cuz :)
Have a great time!
Lies spread like your legs did.
Listening to all day 'errryday
Workaholics would have got the votes of all the pot heads.. They couldn't take that risk..
am I gonna see you today too?!!
RT : A life without dreaming is a life without meaning. Dream on and dream BIG!
A great locale, agree? :)
sorry it took so long to respond, i stay busy lately
traveling the road less known is where i want to be
Thank you for checking in with us at Kittichai - did you enjoy your evening?
- I'm glad that you put yourself on Willow's men list. :)
I just figured you were drunk and forgave it :)
Still soaking in the sounds of last nights tUne-YaRdS show.
Spindles didn't meet the code?
gym-> brunch -> cocktails -> thrifting -> beers -> BBQ -> bed
if you'd like some help helping him, let us know! We're here to help.
missed you xo
84 degree in Newburgh and 83 in Evansville . Dew points in the mid to upper 60's. Not hot outside, just tad a bit humid.
Especially when McLouth strikes out RT These are the saddest of possible words, "Now batting for Casey McGehee...Nate McLouth."
how tough was that class this morning ? I could only watch...had 2 hours in already and that class looked difficult!!!!
Support T - w - i - tt - i - tt only takes 3 keys google takes 4 keys
We are not meaningless.
Looks like Jef Fisher will be rams next coach
Peace to Acquire your ultimate goals may work best because violence will begat more death! The establishment wants you mad as hell 4 its NWO
it goes well...
Yeah, it's gotten to the point of "X is the new normal" and I couldn't let that slide. I think I'm done now too
Order sent to Ryan in Australia!
7-0! Ronnie and Messi all tied up at 43 once again. Order has been restored. Messi now within 2 of Müller's 67!
Brontë goes Broadway: Jane Eyre, the musical, in New Paltz - Almanac Weekly
Watching him twist himself into pretzels to defend bounties is funny. He could have kept that foolishness to himself
"True" by Spandau Ballet is now the new anthem for this tournament....that ad keeps running and running all day long
Still rockin Louis Vuitton condoms cause I'm still fuckin in style...WOW
I've been good :) you?
Played too much Mario Kart. Luckily, I have just enough time to get 10 hours of sleep, then a few hours on Org Change.
And your picks for best director/picture?
To those who think they already know the answers, bless your hearts.
more suggestions for : more areas of town; next year needs more Shorewood, North Shore (Anchorage?)
Good morning conference goers! The Jossey-Bass booth (#1112) is now open-- come find us!
Way to go on the pilot!
It appears re-registrated right about the time yo mama moved into CV.
cheaters and whiners.
Why is there such a disparity in cost among different colors of granite counter tops? Simply supply and demand... Some colors are more rare
Did some errands and now just cleaning my place up a bit. I'm looking forward to tonight
Thx for the #FF Keeping me on my toes
The artist alone sees spirits. But after he has told of their appearing to him, everybody sees them.
more importantly, why are you drinking coffee at 10pm?!
Great article. Thanks!
is moving to New York City in exactly one week! ONE WEEK!!! (Oh, and she's graduating from college tomorrow too. About fricken time.)
thank you for all your support
You are remembered for the rules you break. Douglas MacArthur
Omg what type of crap is going over here omg no sleep and a toothache this sucks
what's that like? Have you started watching Murder She Wrote and clipping coupons?
Blended Learning Designs is my fav session of #eli2011 so far.
being Blk mean. U Against all odds. But i still wont trade it 4 nothin n da world. :)
It pisses me off so much how my friends act like I'm so stupid...
M. Tasty. R u in the mood to make blueberry pancakes or Southern style biscuits now?
If I had a dick would you suck it?
Hey Investors! Buy Real Estate GOLD reduced 100k 10 units with 9 2's over 9% cap rate at current expenses includes property management.
it depends on what kind of device ecosystem you want. Not that I'm biased or anything, but the iPhone is the way to go!
Trying to get to that money!!!!
Like a bull in a china shop with a superior attitude. That about sums it up.
One thing I have learned and that is keepin it 2 real can b a "EPIC FAIL"
love you too(:
Sorry! No exceptions or extensions. Individual grade change forms will need to be submitted via faculty center, if grades aren't in
Uh Oh. just put #UNLVMBB on upset alert against Nervous yet
KU-27 UK-41 This has gone worse than I thought it would. KU awful at both ends. No answer for Kentucky. Safe to say this one is over.
its all good tam glad you back on :)
great to see you yesterday, funny how things circle around!
Best of luck! I know u'll hit the ground running like last time! Memorable games! From L.A.
damn son! u are #international for real!
Love that vid! Saw some peeps saying how they are *too* close, lol
Packing for an impromptu vacation
everyone reacts differently to the meal plan, it's a lot of food to eat for sure.
Starting God of War 2.
LOVE all of the photos! Thanks for sharing. Did you have a good time?
LMAO:)k then enjoy the pics:)and be thnkful to megan fr postin it:)
Baylor would have won today if it weren't for Kentucky. Otherwise I was right.
The Theon betrayal is basically the worst thing in modern literature/media.
If Happy Ever Afters did exsist i wish to be holding you like this,All those fairy tales are full of it,one more stupid love song I'llbesick
a gift haah what u doing
Congrats to WKU for punching their ticket. That makes 4 teams from the state of Kentucky in the tournament.
:-) okay ima do it nd ill post a pic
It's probably not a good idea to lay out by the pool all day when you just ran out of sunscreen
Just dropped some knowledge (in Bahasa) on a student who thinks she learnt a lot about Indonesia from reading Wikipedia's Krakatoa article.
That awkward moment when a dumb studio engineer uses logic.
How strangely silent Hollywood is on the situation in the Gulf! I'm not suprised sellouts are usually afraid to bite the hand the feeds the
So happy!
“The secret of getting ahead is getting started”–Mark Twain
wen we drinking u be playing slut
Settle down beneath the ocean stare upwards raise your arms and say goodnight tomorrow the sun dawns on settled scores
Pulling into Disney. : "Guys, remind me to get some forks, I'm out." HAHAHA.
really enjoyed "Meet Generation C: The Connected Customer." It was great to meet you at SXSW. Look forward to your next article.
Ah the VMAs. This is one night i'm extreme glad I don't have a television.
GMO allergies are my new biggest fright-fest. See australians proof an protect your kids!! www.allergyfree4u.com/GMO-allergies
Thank U 4 the prayers-we r constantly praying @ this end & those prayers include u & all the friends I have made on Twitter. :-)
Trunks opened.
I am do in love with Thank ful I get to work with them!!!
Thanks - next they need to do the charity-focused startups :)
#Burn. RT : I suspect I'll do more blocking today than the Broncos' offensive line.
Happy Anniversary!!
Between The Sheets #85 - Sex Tawk -- Me Love You Long Time
Taking advantage of the after Christmas sales on 5th today with the PC. Not that I need to!
RT : One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.~ Arnold H. Glasow
you guys are crazy :) xoxo
why? does Red Gragon give you the toots?
#edusocmedia Let's not bash IT-ers too much. Some IT departments have full fledged Media Departments.
I want to take off all of your clothes with my mouth, and kiss every single freckle on your body.
Hi Kelley! What's a good email address for you? I have some marketing questions. Thanks!
I hit my dog in the head with my iPod lol nigga thought he was go bite me ! With his pink ass
since coach cal has been here the recruiting has been exciting can't hardly wait to see who we get I know another title is near
I think so too.. Gonna have a talk wit my professors about that tomoro lol
...I actually knew all this would happen, when that Case song came on Pandora as I stepped out of the shower last night ....
Happy birthday! Enjoy SPRING!
I will miss you SO SO much but I'll be just a text / DM / phone call away ;)
Step 2 :-D RT : And also interact“: A good customer centric company uses #sm to listen #smmanners”
Don't know. I go both ways and I mean that in the best way.
out here they lock gas station bathrooms to prevent crimes like robberies and rape. Also it keeps junkies and crackheads out.
RT : So according to some "log your sex" app, the Cool Springs area gets dirty the most!
It's more important to find out how our users work than to ask them what they need.
please check out homelessdogmusic.com all money will go to death row dogs
. Dont think that his assoc w/ guy convicted of defrauding nfl wasnt taken into account
Happy hour!!!
I got homework too! Sigh....
I Aint Gonna Lie I Wanna Smoke Some Weed And Be High Like Mofucker Even Though Im 15 Still idgaf.
if we call it has to be like now! cause me goinnnn outt for a lil bitt tonighhhhhttttt to see some of meh peeepppsss
Yizzo! I been chilly my nigg...gotta link up wit yall soon!
duh! Too much bourbon. You really got to break things down to me 2day
Jeff Van Gundy is dead on. Acting is not part of the game. Playing the game is part of the game. Don't defend glorified cheating.
More Than 1200 Clinicians Attend First-Ever Live Online Psychiatry Congress
Thx. We plan on it!!
Yes I did catch #EvaLongoria on that loser makes me sick.Sorry 4 lateness
Please do NOT lump all homeschooling families with Republican party. Do your due diligence not all are Republicans or radicals.
on this day in Wildcat History Patrick Patterson chose Kentucky over Florida and Lemond chose Shoneys over Cracker Barrel
If you ever think your life is insignificant, take a minute and check out your "friends" status on
#heart failure!!!! White folk get on the plane and eat hamburgers with everything on them at 8am smh...
Wait, someone really suggested that you're a reincarnation of Nujabes? That's kinda bananas
my wrap dress for work and play :) I love it!
I wish! It's my parents yard.
HEY FOLLOW MY NEW PAGE
You, too! Friends again. Honestly, I try to steer clear of crap and be interesting and informative.
Excited about the weekend!
same. i should go back to bed and cry mysellf to sleep
still looking... hoping to land something now that a date is set
- Great food & lots of awesome tips!
Weekly we receive letters from our patients letting us know how much the care packages and weekly cards mean to them.
My lifetime battle with Holy Name Cathedral continues. Mean priest gives me the evil eye. I get it, already!!
This stevie tv show is hilarious. Its like madtv but 100x funnier
Going to jam up the jams at nelson's house, and Jack3d is gonna help me learn a new trick.
shorts and I'm not sure about the shirt yet. Lol
part 55 the anticipation is killing me.
APUSH-ers did a 20th Century America project...selected most imp events, person of the decade, music, movies, slang, etc. Fun.
YES, the PITTSBURGH PIRATES have a better record than the PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
been busy af:/ my bad G!
All that we deeply love becomes a part of us. Helen Keller
Judging feels good to us. We temporarily forget our own failings as we focus on the faults of others: James Bryan Smith
I don't like the 2-3-2 NBA format either. The team with home court advantage for the series doesn't have it thru 5 games
honestly, this is the first time in a while, that a Tim Burton film just doesn't interest me...
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1732 composer Franz Joseph Haydn was born. He is known for helping to develop the Classical style.
I hate when people try to feel bad for me.
Making me wish we could've found a dog sitter 4 dear, spoiled Elvis so we could have gone to Hawaii next week for 15th anniversary.
I am... and I've never felt better! Haha
I need me one of them hats!
my first action as an official new yorker will be to get a Yankees jersey with TEBOW on the back
shoe shoppin:) Chorus concerts give me a reason to make my mom take me shoppin lol
almost done with season 2
But true love is a durable fire, in the mind ever burning. Never sick, never old, never dead. From itself never turning.
Wait Grey's Anatomy is so sad right now
RT : breakfast burrito....come hither
u damn right!! Told them folks they can sweep dat shit under the rug lol RT": But I know you saw them Knicks though!"
Just got the news...... R.I.P Sarah Towler. Best wishes to you and your family. You will be missed and always loved.
Yeah I know! How are ya?
That is the sense of entitlement I was deriding. You don't have a right to their content.
Ron N Bobby Are my heros.
Swear they r the next hip hop or a bball star
Yeah big shocker here ": Well, I thought they should have charged him w/1st deg murder & let a jury decide.
Welcome to my colleague Melanie Booth who has just joined Twitter! Melanie is incredibly thoughtful about social media and higher ed!
Thanks to our new followers! , , and
I am so sorry dude! Put my foot in my mouth again trying to be funny :-(
Move your brightest/most energetic stds around the classroom to provide a catalytic effect for their classmates - a bit of rubbing off.
I guess I should still display proper "Twitter Etiquette" and thank you for the mention ;)
gimmyyy!!! And come visit too :)
Helped teach my advisor the definition of "pregame" this afternoon.
It's a beautiful day to start tweeting...
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. ~John...
Yes, yes I do! (lol)
Fine designer jewelry specials. Just in time for the holidays 15% off January and February Birthstones!
Eating pizza and chips, chillin over my grandma!
Mistakes Were Made will be playing in Clarksville this coming Friday, July 15th @ The Coup!
First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings
Hi Amy! Doing better, thx! Meds helping. Lifestyle changes. Getting back to normal...hopefully. Feeling pretty good.
ya remind me tommrow i'll tweet ya video of me from it
Surprisingly amazing penmanship.
skill has nothing to do with him looking like a goblin tho.
On this day in 1972, President Richard Nixon announced the creation of the space shuttle program.
Sleep Tight Twitter!
The Civil Heretic came from moi. Since I read his writing on the origin of life, he has been my favorite living scientist.
Sack numbers down overall? Any comment on # of holding calls?
But see man. I don't know. I shouldn't even be tripping about it. I mean I asked him to never talk to me again lmao
msnbc late-night programming normally does the trick
I'm not sure if I fully understand your question.
I get why youtube makes me watch commercials, but when I'm waiting to see a trailer, I'm watching a commercial to see a commercial.
It's 44 BC, you're a powerful man, and your mentor is "Dictator for Life" until you stick a knife in his back. Are you a Hero or Villain?
With at #WaPoAU journalism event!
good one
Thanks Kira! #Austin is beautiful yr round (except in the summr ;-) come #slack with us anytm
I'm so MAD AT YOU PEOPLE!!!! YOU DIDN'T TELL ME!!! And you're lying to everyone else.
RT This, But Answer too! Commish asks-"What sports team would u buy if u had a $1 Billion Dollar Bill?" We want to hear your acquisition...
Good morning Long Beach!! Long Beach Hydrobike rentals is now accepting reservations! Contact us at 562) 546-2493
I want to I miss living in SA!!</3 ": i miss you more :( I want you back ally!!! Please !! *gets on my knees*"
You become a ass hole when you break a woman's heart... You become a man when your mature enough to repair another woman's heart...
RT : Continued awareness so important to support and accept all in the community
When women are depressed, they eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. It's a whole different way of thinking. ~ Elayne Boosler
It could be overflowing with love
tapdancing. on the. keyboard. :||:
RT Once an #Aquarius decides what they want, they’ll do everything in their power to achieve it
winter is here; only cold clothing; vegan eating and more at www.susanefine.com
f4f? #teamfollowback Have a GREAT weekend!
Awhh thank u
cut up!
In a perfect world for both Red Sox fans and himself... Josh Beckett would have 365 days off a year.
What are u doing?
digging that Avi Donna!!
Looking for #Sexy #Men to #FollowMe and #Sexy #Ladies too . . . love #Music #Sex and #Men, how 'bout u?
lol you both said that! You're right, that's where the weirdest freaks are too!
Checking the gate/chip, speed, reset, hot tips...etc. :)
says you. Leading the witness?
WTF!!! 4 pc mcnugget is NOT on the dollar menu anymore! Now they are $1.89.
ah! she's so gross!
- Emily, get a loud megaphone and shuuuussssh them if they start again :-) - we librarians can do that to anyone!!!
yes it does. I told my mom to go this past weekend since we were close but we didn't really have time for anything.
kick save and aboot
Welcome to a fun new world!
Someone Is Twatching Me
attending crystal moll art opening in silo point.
Wouldn't call that a fault.
im gonna go home, & #chill(:
We are so excited about tomorrow. You guys will be amazed!!!!!
I feel like I should be watching the grammys, but how much trouble could a group of old ladies get into?
wah wah I understand. Such is life
thanks for following me! I look forward to learning more about your ventures.
yajaira I love you! Please tell me! At least the first letter of his name!
Soo over it :)
Great dinner at Scotty's tonight! Great way to end the week.
ok. wheeeeewwww. agreed, john noble deserves All of the Awards.
ya john cena great win the champ is always here your the man cena no one can see u!
Even if you weren't there we want you to feel a part of it. What city are you in?
haha I dont really know why but i am really sweating me some Real Housewives of NJ. Its total drama and way funny!
IM SO HAPPY FOR YOU :') you happy,im happy <21
guy in the lab next to me on the phone: "is this the girl i ordered?"
Much better advice than mine
Turned to 810 during the #Royals commercial and heard Jack Harry.
He's going to have to get some of those super tacky gloves and look the ball in for that to happen
ya i've tried messaging u like twice?!!?!?
Take money TME the takeover illegal life style dropping on datpiff soon DM me for features
I got a,few feat check them put also,leave comments on YouTube please. Appreciate it. Means,a lot to me.
so it's official then... Chuck Colson has gone to be with the Lord... RIP. May the Lord raise up many more like him in this generation!
Hey Robinson! We love you here in Jerusalem!
Ok, who wants to put together a dramatic reading night? I will host at
That sucks. How's it looking after the ice down?
I actually follow like 1300
Hello weekend only off today and tmw then long weekend next weekend booooooyaaaaaaaaa
im unfollowing you because all you talk about is how bacon is good and how you are a drunk #wheresthejokes?
I'm not an expert but they seemed pretty good. :)
dude that class.. #sigh it wil never be the same, she said Denise and I are her only hope this year
I'm not falling for dat
Oh did I mention "The New York City Zombie Prom featuring GWAR" happens June 9 2012. I'll let you know when tickets go on sale!
i agree - it'd be cool as well to see Terrico back on the court
I agree RT : Music mags make me feel misanthropic. Gets worse when I finally hear what the hype is about. 80% chance of letdown
Bloody knuckles - off to buy a canvas stretcher.........
2) Harry taught me to do whatever makes me happy… no matter what people think.
Health inspection today in DC for our truck. Wish luck!
enjoy it while you can, our rain in Columbus is coming your way
It's a lot harder to find my cat in this bigger house :/
Miss Lotus we'd love to have you visit the store next time you visit NYC ;-) we can compare collections! (from )
Why do I think learning about NoSQL is going to be more complicated than just unlearning SQL?
Gotta get out of this sorority house can't stand being one man in a room with 4 women
Still looking for 3-4 students for speed interviewing next Thursday 4/19 5-6:30. Practice interviewing & meet alums! Tweet if interested.
At DHS Community Engagement Meeting improvement #childwelfare in
seriously why are brands separated, sales people slow, & prices non-transparent? It's officially time to change the game!
Will be out filming our promo tomorrow...you may see us on the streets asking people to say, "Tell my story!..." Could it be you?
All menswear is now 50% off! Orgasmically low prices on men's jackets and coats, jackets and shirts, hats, belts, wallets, and jeans.
At PPS waiting 4 budget vote, point of no return for Tubman Parents fighting closure. u can see me on tv in front row #tvreporter now
I NEED A NEW LABTOP. THIS ONE IS CRAP >.<
This game going be interesting!!
rock on! U can watch the first 20 min of The Secret on YouTube. The secret is crazy but I fully 100% believe it
They do pretty mellow shit. GLAY has some good ballads.
how plz explain
Our thoughts are with our friends We hope you're all safe after the storm.
lmao I hope they don't see your tweets. Omg we'll hit up all the gay clubs in Boystown haha
Rob Ryan should be the head coach
have fun! Be sure to tweet for the ppl stuck at home!
guess wat!!! 4 my 17th birthday in less hen 3 months im getting a half sleeve of the lyrics to savior :) <3 ur amazing andy :) haha
Fuck financial aid! You still gone owe Sally Mae dumb money after that peice of paper ...#venting lol
And more cynically, schools wanting to have some jurisdiction over their dirty laundry.
Nothing like wine night on a Monday with the roomie! #not sorry
ii was gonna take a pic of it but the lady said no.:(
Today is my daughter's birthday, Yazmin. Is easy to see how time fly. Just 16th, she was just a baby yesterday. Happy Birthday my Princess.
<<---Deleting for scrolling my screen. Not cool.
Get off the couch and go vote!
Now starting quick re-read of THE HEART IS A LONELY HUNTER.
Tastes like chicken.
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. - Steve Jobs
Totally agree. You can tell the guys got a real fire inside him. Can't wait to see him ravage QB's. #VonWolfe'nDoom
thanks. I was a former counsel member a few years back (w/ ShopLocal) & had a great experience with my counsel (forget the #)
Gotta drive out to the #brandery in #Cincy. #Leap - engaging pitch
Vent: isn't it easier for YOU if I register online as opposed to through snail-mail? Then why charge me a $5 transaction fee? DUMB!
nothing happens with I click posts tweets to Facebook in my profile
0500 waking up to go swim run pull up sit up and push up test
Under certain circumstances, the federal government will cancel all or part of an educational loan. This practice is called Loan Forgiveness
Corel User to User Web Board • View topic - Win DVD 11 Pro Freezes
y'all are going this weekend? If you feel like getting a little deeper into LA, we'll be hanging out in the French Quarter.
Yes and so appreciated Leslie! RT : Hi Wayne, VERTICAL has promoted #TheChihulyCollection 4 ages.
Love that score and the movie. Both are in my top 10 of last year.
yea that's true after that pick he hasn't really been the same
ypu are welcome! happy to help!
Thanks ! I'll take a look. And thanks for the connection!
I had these installed all over the US a few years ago just in case. Glad you found it!
Super Mystery Jackpot Song Clue: It's a country song. The pot is up to $105. Next show you can win is Tue at Vintage ( on Prospect) 10pm
Bleh. Almost got hit by cars...Oh well.
Looking for something to bake for a friend's birthday this weekend, so obviously I go over to 's Boozy Cupcakes pinterest board.
...hands up and touch the sky... <cos I just got the LAST good parking spot...yes I did...oh snap>
#armoryweek #artist Shack is a graduate of the Ontario College of Art in Toronto w/ courses in painting and printmaking.
Of course, it was beautiful! Eggstraordinary.
I havent gotten a metion or RT in like two weeks
School is the last fucking place I wanna be. I wanna go home and cry and sleep forever.
One thing I learned from Aikido, everyone falls down but it's about learning how to fall to get up fast.
so happy....you made my day!
;; hard to explain
Everyone, have a Happy New Year! Be safe, be healthy, be happy, and be yourself. Rock on my friends ... V
While comics are stumbling from one overhyped event to another, the animated shows take a more classic storytelling approach.
Yes, grape jolly ranchers are very very good for you (:
I have No Friends ill admit that .
and could you please send me a link from your show tomorrow and i sent you precise single "it's on me"
Wondering how John Cusack can be so good in The Raven and Hot Tub Time Machine
#iFOLLOWyou #TeamFollowBack #Blessings -- Thanks for the follow. ALL MY LOVE!
he was true but you still hattin
lOOKING FOR A TENOR SAX PLAYER.......HAVE SEVERAL DATES CONFIRMED FOR MARCH..TXT OR CALL..623.204.4999
thanks for the invite!
You're doing great! Keep it up. Good luck.
Bording on the plane to Vegas now. Can't wait to see Momma! :)
TONIGHT!!! The Lodge COME SEE US!!!!
is it weird when you have to #unfollow athletes from your favorite team because their tweets make you like them less
Was that a tweet or not a tweet?
name it "The Kettering"
Want to dress up your floors for the soon to come Holidays!!!! Stop by or call for some great ideas!!!
Ahoy! Thank you for sharing and YOU'RE awesome!
Saw Barbara Clark & Roylene Walker perform "East Meets West" @ The Institute of Musical Arts yesterday. Great Stories!
*grin* Not that far back. I stayed in the last 100 years. :)
Chris you've done it again". The cg4 Illusione maduro is the best cigar ever with coffee IMHO. # thesmokeringisking
Yeah it probably is b/c i never heard of it
The hardware & software to create the "Less Paper Office" is very basic: Scanner, Hard drive, Capture software and Doc Management Software
and even happier you mentioned "Brave".
Serendipity means reading about Durer's "Adam and Eve" yesterday and seeing it in the Block Museum print show today.
I'm the grinch who stole Christmas
#TweadingTuesday in walked bud
Every time I re-watch it, the more I am convinced that The Third Man is a perfect film.
Houston here I come very soon!
What is the trending news crap in my Facebook feed? Is Facebook worried I am too wrapped up in Facebook to read the news?
hey hun, how was your birthday?
« Wish there was a Terence Trent D'Arby's where I could eat a roast beef sandwich while listenin' to Wishing Well. #potthoughts»
it is
collisions at the fairview inn.
BBM faster than lighting !
yes ! Mario Gomez did :)
“: Backroads... take the backroads!” Would have been a smart move!
what's Gila mean!?!?
- I have a niece named Brooklyn as well :) random.
Business before pleasure
Thanks for the follow, Pastor Brian! I hope to inspire you with my tweets.
Government SHOULD BE created and managed by the people with no power of its own except those voluntarily grated to it by the people
Neither is a joke! RT Exit question: What's the bigger joke: Obama as President or us if we can't beat him?
Looking for my Next adventure, perhaps Ice Road Trucking.You In??? Let me know if I could be of help to you. Good Luck!
Happy February!
The Silk Tie likes Bill! thesilktie.com
I stink so.
Let's purpose it to Pete and Talia! Jk, too scared
kathleen parker says people want polarization not #civility -- people want biting heads off chickens maybe -- marketplace
ain't that the sad truth j/k cuz. You know I love you(r) momma lmao
I couldn't agree with you more. I'm tired of people, sply close frnds, txtg instead of picking up the phone.
monkeys!! o(e,e)o <<< does that look like a monkey?
Alayna Jo-anne .. My heart & soul I miss you so ..
"We may just run clips of the Republican debates verbatim." - #Obama2012 campaign strategy
#Its2012WhyYouStill planking? its old now.
Well that 17 pages came as easily as childbirth.
RT : Not to beat a dead horse but if Adele was a black girl named Aisha, none of y'all would give a fuck
Trickle-down economics works, but in economics gravity is reversed.
chances are nick will end up being the choice for the republicans because he is wining left and right.
that's what I look like on a Monday morning after a Football Sunday at the Old State
fine. About to see some friends. And u?
I am also taking a try at candle making, its not hard at all! Who doesnt love a candle?!
That would b a hip hop classic remix
I LOVE U GUYS 2
A former punter will kick off the opening of the new in CMR @ Duchenne SD’s charity event this afternoon! Guess who?
Faces in the crowd keep showing..Matthew Broderick. Keith Olberman in the house, more expected for 2night, Sunday's finale at 3!
Has a need! And $$ cant fill!
They should also put a high tax on alchol like they did with cigarettes in some way that is worse on your body than cigs
Standardized Tests--Our way of saying, we love corporate profits as much as the next student.
We're thrilled about an event of this magnitude focusing on adolescent males in teen pregnancy prevention
Hardest thing I did all day at work: pistachio eating competition with
Its so crazy how i cant even say your nameor looking at your pic
meeting and in 32 days on Valentine's Day <3
Ahh, a face only a mother could love.
Club Sirius tonight! No cover downtown SA! Amazin drink specials! Dont miss out!
ok! Thanks babe! :) Now everytime someone asks me if I know portugese I'll throw out this line ;)
Tickets are still available for Hellogoodbye! Get yours today at the Brooks Lounge!
welcome to summer.
Need to be perfect
I am thinking having a telepractice component, for international people who want services via Skype.
Get ready for a Friday Fun Fest its THE BACK IN THE DAY CAFE with AT NOON EDT. We're tweeting it old school via
I guess the nonalcoholic/nondrugaddict life has left me with another boring weekend staying in house
outlaw everyday on the front page
love you guys too!
Hand to God at Ensemble Studio Theater. A must see.
For "importance" I think you have to list the first movie in a series, because without it, none of the others would exist.
I mean I try and try and try but dnt shit change
By doing this we will learn more about our brethren and the beliefs while sharing ours as we seek a common ground on a very touchy subject.
When I was in grad school, I lived in Pakistan doing research (mid 90s). I wanted to complain today, then recalled how cushy my reality is.
Thanks KeepitQUERQUE! - AIBA for sharing about my bears.
So much anger on my timeline.
Any jewels bro?
I want to start a podcast where I just get wasted the entire show and bitch about sports.
is it me, or is Smith looking like Tebow?
RT : iQ releases frictionless sharing: Instantly notifies user network about actions (reading, watching, listening, etc.)
Drynk is actually pretty awesome! Best night!!
LeBlanc family reunion in Fresno California comming up, hope to see you there.....
Bad thing? Could things get worse for Knicks? : Would return of Lin be good or bad thing?
Happy birthday to tahtherreah & vernon, I love u; happy b-day to all the leo's on twitter...........
PRAYING with you sweet friend!
Other surprise appearances in Egan's talk : Dark Shadows, Elvis Costello, David Bowie, and the value of art.
99% on my project!!!!!!!so happy!I worked on it for a while!so happy!
The 5 Types of Prospects You Meet Online, and How to Sell to Each of Them
UH I hate myself for not being able to do anything right now.
will he be eligible second semester next year?
tell yo followers
Auto Glass Experts offers mobile glass services for convenient auto glass repair. We will come to your home or office . 414-409-7263
apparently hacked. EMP loves you!
please check out my site. I would love to consider a collaboration. W.theadvocator.org
he is a great kid. Our good luck charm!
He showed up once, but was dissatisfied that there was no actual SHIT at the party, just bad movies!
Thank you to everyone who attended to our 1 year anniversary event and celebrated with us this small but significant milestone! Cheers!
#teamfollowback show me love & help me get more followers :o) i follow back !
Don't u wish yo wish yo boyfriend was a G like me?
you can give money anytime!! they should be in by friday!
aww I love it :) union worker where at? When u turn 21?
hahaha you make the best sandwiches
no problem hun an yu to dont be a stranger(:
Believe it or not, I can't wait to go back to work tomorrow.. (:
sounds great! Keep spreading the news!
ok 4 sure
honestly we were so ridiculous i really dont know i have like 6 more and theyre all hideous and picniked i h8 us
Seriously, police motorcycle escort from the airport is cool. If the other drivers only knew we are nobodies. I know I'd be pissed.
Vote graham . #votegrahamgbt the power of directioners yes
Made sushi rolls w/ the girls. Our rolling technique needs work, my rice was too vinegary, but a solid first effort.
Bye ! See you soon
Gloomy day in the QC...
Those smoker commercials??! Yeeesh!
The doorman here looks like the Undertaker
Just signed up
Yes ! how many ?
just need to win. even if lou williams lost his scoring touch.
Plan: Wake up, Dunkin Donuts, Get Pumped, Not Sweat, Rock the Interview!
Yeah, I'm thinking I might want another opinion once the choices are narrowed, but might be easier to get to that point on my own.
I'm kinda thinking the guy in the glasses is pretty hot..won't know for sure until he takes his shirt off
Just trust yourself. You did your job, you're talented, and you can do it. :)
I actually made it to first period today. Its been months.c,:
Next season should be the last. Nowhere else to go,
This is a first ---> dress shirt tucked into track pants and gaudy Nike Shox. Hmm, did I miss this trend?
Ha found twenty dollars in ground
I have elephants in my pants!
Hope he bring a blak home !
Indonesian ginger chicken and sesame sugar snap peas. Although prob should be eating leftover soup...
My mom just said bananas are one of the most unhealthy things you could ever eat. wtf, no.
#bengals are on fire! Pretty happy with what's going on. Can't wait for the draft!
Excellent work by the Future Trend group at Eefke and other on the group! Lot's of good data
does that count as pranking the prankster!?
YES they they are finally back in the US of A!!!
Lardner: culture of impunity persists in Nigeria because rule of law is not enforced. The state is the regime
Trynna kick it
Let's hope I pass this driving test tomorrow so I can quit taking the bus to school and work..... the bus sucks.
PLEASE Mommy?:) i love you
We're all stars in the eyes of our children and mothers, so tell me why we all strive for the praise of another.
wonder how conceptual framework reconciles with/can resolve to approaches like curation microservices
Just downloaded the #Zimbra Collaboration Server Appliance and am importing into vCenter.
Thanks! Queen Anne is one of my favorite places in Seattle.
Score: kids - 10; single mother - 0.
: bring the beat in give me the go go beat
I know! My veins are magic. Doctors cleared me as of yesterday.
Look for some exciting announcements next week!
I'm going to community college for my general Ed(it's way cheaper) and idk where from there. I have to figure out what I wanna do
its dark over here but I'm sure well figure it out
Where is the sun today!!! Come back
I definitely need to start looking sexier at the gym ..
it's okay lol
gotta go bye :)
are we going to have pay attention in class next year?? 😢
OMG. i didn't know. i feel so bad for them both! ): when did all this happend?
No he gives you lessons to learn from and you have to tackle them the best you can...
“: you guys rocked saturday night hope to catch you out there again soon!”. Agreed! Glad to be a part!
yeah she's holding.on but its getting bad
Can't wait to see get my pics back from my shoot today. I know one thing I'm hungry as hella Bella!!!!
can't wait for you to do my anatomy packet!! :)
Nutcracker in Denver CO - excellent performance. Highly recommend taking the time to take in the show this Holiday Season!!
Pioneers get the ball refs fix the split decision. What do you do now?
If you don't like your job hoe, QUIT!!!!!
watching the baskeball wives then bad girls club!
for example, your brother <3
Come in today at get a quick lunch and great value! We now offer five lunches including a drink for under $8.99.
Chilling with my old Nigerian friend Haven't seen him in forever!
Just curious, what would you put in a toolkit for an active citizenry?
late to the convo it drives me nuts that the gov has a say in what people are. Between this & NC new law I am so frust.
She posted the announcement herself, so I have to assume so. You could also comment on it on our site if email fails!
I'm DANCING w/ The STARS.. You CAN'T SEE ME..
I'm bored uh
No!!!! Dammit better luck next year red wings...smh
RT "3rd Ward" BX on a serious mission #TO WIN Salute to SEE ME WORK
Merry Christmas!!!! Hope everybody got what they wanted!!! unless your a sex offender or something like that!
I want everyday and everytime with you.. xx
Im so drunk rite now
Colorado=1 of 4 states w/ complete prosecutorial discretion to file case in adult court w/o judicial review for remand to juv court
"I'm blowin purp.. that's a loud word" Yeeezzzziiiiirrrrr
cause the suns gonna rise gonna rise
Did nicolette and vinny reall kiss? Or is tht a rumor, I dont really care but I still wanna know:/
8 more days.
Listening to Bruce Springsteen at The Apollo on Sirius 20 E Street Radio.
thanks you T
where is that?
Mark, welcome to #CreativeGood. If you have any questions, let us know. cc
My RA tells me that BADGES are the new DIPLOMAS! This reminds me of Boy Scouts!
feeling the call of ski season. It's just around the corner...
“The differences existing between nations and peoples will soon be annulled, and the fundamentals…” ‘Abdu’l-Bahá #239DaysLive [1/2]
They'll come when I have a decent hair day and my allergies are killing me so much that I can actually wear makeup.
hey thanks for the daily paper shout-out!
She looks like ninja princess - so cute and so self-confident
Ah....good plan!
Needs a fucking cookie
or maybe a wild card...
My cheeks are really hot right now
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 13
I am thinking about getting a Mercedes-Benz CLK 63 AMG Cabriolet for a new car!
We do indeed have #PersonalLibrarians for all students & faculty. Admin departments someday, too.
Any Budget Printing reopens at 8:30am tomorrow after the great #sdblackout of 2011.
ATTENTION: If your Twitter is protected/private I am having a hard time following you guys back. I'm not sure why. If anyone knows.. help!
And I give thanks for an amazing guy like . <3
Have you, like Toodles, lost your marbles? Come write with me on my photo writing prompt blog :) www.writeawayeveryday.blogspot.com
cool. I might swing by for a few minutes.
Good Morning, make it a great day! RT : Good morning world. ✌
you'll make new bunny friends quickly, I promise! Find me and say hi!
Be Successful In Your Business
story of my life
Lee Co. now responsible for abandoned water plant
Enjoyed the Philly dining scene with friends
planning some new features for the site...finished programmin synching with twitter...next up full gallery option feature for members....
You've piqued my curiosity.
Public Historian #ncph2012 should be open access.
“: mine is the 21st. Happy early Birthday”~ lovely! Thank you so much and you also...:) xo
try and find the playoff 12s anywhere and let me know
Great briefing with Cynthia Clark, 1to1 Magazine, on LiveWebAssist deployment at The Four Seasons Hotel
I'm tired time for bed.
Kudos New York!
Hi, Kristen. Thank you for the laugh on Facebook. :-)
"Nine" opening night. Woohoo!
np, congrats again.
Why's there a video on my computer of Biden, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, Sec'y Duncan, & Geithner singing "Call Me Maybe"?
yup!(: then go nighty night(: haha
Cabana night
If You Can't Handle My Worst , You Ain't Gettin' My Best !
#ItsWhatYouDo haha they fucked up my hand with the splint, moved around bones
I love shopping at Such a good store :3
Watching the #hockey playoffs works up such an appetite!
Must follow Amazing n funny
The Clippers give off that douchbag aura
Grammy awards tonite= BULLSHIT like wtf all the ppl sang like shit accept for eminem,rihanna,katy perry,lady gaga,and drake! lik ...
I don't get the oxy comment but u are def a talented counselor
We will see everyone in #Pittsburgh tomorrow. Look for us for a special opportunity for your staff.
Home Alone is on. Happy Easter to me.
chillin on the good friday =)
RT : Never argue with a foolish person when u do it doesn't look like one foolish person arguing it looks like two!
so much love! Love it!
you get that vote on boy.
Def. of blasphemy: showing contempt or lack of reverence for God. Just saw Nicki Minaj...how incredibly awful that was. I'm so sorry God.
I mean... imagine if someone live streamed his 8-tabling all day (obv not a reality in poker) and very publicly did that.
Everyone should take 2 seconds out of their day and vote for my friend Ali Provot 's daughter for the 2012 Cutest Baby Contest .
Our names unconsciously influence our behavior
try cathryn farnsworth. She is fantastic.
You did, I'm glad you made it out to see it! It was far from perfect, but I learned a lot and set a baseline to grow from
so, like, hey, guys, is so amazing. and he sings so beautifully.c:
our inlays are different :)
you as well
"Cheers to a New Year and Another Chance for Us to Get it Right." & Y'all No who i am Talking Two LOL
Today is going to be a good day.
Teacher: why are you late? Student: because class started before I got here.
Yes, I AM lurking on your ish. Yes, I AM tripping on some ole funky ish. What?! I told you I was f$% &Ing nuts!
I've know a lot of sociopaths and one full-blown psychopath that actually killed people. But to get that story you have to buy me a drink.
RT : RT : May 8 #Sentiment Symposium sponsors: RAGE Frameworks
So, of all the receipts Mayor Davis turned in to the MS Auditor's Office $18,000 was for alcohol.
I've done plenty of "field work" at Whole Foods over the years myself
Hey, congrats! Go #altac! Go DH strategy!
To the bitch behind me, shut the fuck up. Your voice is annoying as hell.
One month Pittsburgh!!!
sleep time I have a date with A 6am run
i want these next 2 weeks to be done, im so ready for summer
Stuck in traffic again. I love LA!
#RiseandWine !! Fabulous Friday has finally arrived. Cheers
aha its a date, next Saturday! anyone fancy joining us?
Just had a very strange dream about the Presidential race.
Oh Your tweets make my day!
ThermoEnergy Issues Clean Coal Technology Reminder for Earth Day - MarketWatch (press release)
When your crush doesn't post that many pictures of himself on Facebook
Here to change the game!
So many swamp donkeys at this school it's
The black guy always dies first, the red shirts always die first. The exception to these rules......Fat Albert.
... don't be bugging me during my show!
Lead Maiden
9000 people are having sex right now, 2000 are kissing, 100 are getting head & you.... are reading this.
Super Jealous.
Reggie White. Did they make one for Nick Collins? Wearing his jersey seems fitting, consdering his departure.
that formula one is back on the TV .. Sunday's are for formula one
Beautiful! What'd you have?
This has turned into a full blown weekend of rehearsing. Damn!
Checking out
thank you all for this new found knowledge that avocado is a fruit...i didn't know either.. hahaha
Retweeting for days.
" PIMP STANCE "
Cash money brother's
That he is. I wish all dogs had the like you and Brink lead.
you mad ?
oh. Waterfront. I see.
I hate that white ppl circus, clown music. They love it!
I come home for like 3 weeks then have to go back for work outs. Are you gonna be at Western or home?
i fell in love with Ben at the signing ystrday </3 plz help me do the 1 thing i wnna do b4 i die. go on a date with ben<3
Can someone plz tell us about a Great April Fools Day prank they either played on someone, got done to them or heard about?
ok and i hope your son feels better soon
hey! Thanks for the follow! I can't wait to connect!
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?! Bay Hill
Who went to see The Vow over the weekend? Did you shed a few tears?
Big time rush?? Really..pretty gay there dallas..
"Pretzels r beer's favorite person."
Dear god im gross
We're on the scene and will bring you the latest in about 10 minutes...
Imagine twitter during the kayfabe area
Looking forward to LOLC Fashion Show with on October 2nd!!
Hey - cngrts!!! Way 2 go! U cn do it - that's how I got started on my own. Kept the bills paid while developing new stuff.
Good Morning, twitter. Happy Wednesday!
It's getting harder and harder to wake up each day.
Wow awarded & n their emerging years? 2nites is 1of 2012s winners
Video for my single -"Who do you think you're foolin" coming soon
i'm home thank the lord
Yeah, we should! LOL!!! But which dress will you wear?? I got dibs on the Red one! LOL!!
I just texted you homie! I get it?
THIS-> MT The stock market, like the corporation, is merely a front business that attempts to hide the brutality of the 1%
oh yeah this is jason 
love what has done with #vegan testimonials. Please share you testimonial
You can only say "Kobe looks really sick" so many ways. This broadcast team has covered all of them. Twice.
you asking me out on a date or is this another dig on the HGB? ;)
My family came over for dinner(:
I love going to mommy atm
you know you've got it bad when your trying to sing "Call me maybe" but it comes out "Call me crazy" haha #210Takeover :D
BYU will come back and win this game, dont doubt Jimmer!
RT It's still legal to fire someone for being Gay in 29 states in U.S. But not in Mass.There, Romney will just make you quit.
Hey you! Was great seeing you as well. Always awesome (though it's too infrequent) hanging with you my friend!
I've been good. Going hard in G+ I got almost 8k follower. And GSK... wow. outdid himself on it. 10/10.
the Memphis is good
good what about youu?
you're writing for people? :D omg ok un momento x
#donnasummer. Carry on! RIP and we miss you happy home going!
So it just took me 20 minutes to get from one train stop to the next. It's going to be a long day...
John McGraw and Connie Mack
This is starting out good
you got a dog! yay!
lol I/eye!!
Just found out that a coworker I barely know is in love with me from afar. Not sure what to do with that, for a lot of reasons.
The time is now! Get your BOGO #PXYSJ tix until 1pm at the Continental School of Beauty on Jefferson Rd in Henrietta! Go go go!
OF COURSE...!
Oh man. Clark on in the 72nd minute for his first minutes at BBVA. Someone say something funny...
August 11 in west palm beach there are a bunch of country concerts this summer
" Hi I am Rafael and this is my llama" hahaha I think it can fly southwest!!
16mm projector on stand next to desk w/ computer + swivel chair + pile o' flix == ergonomic genius. Now: midnight steak dinner. Why not?
#IamAStanBecause Biteriphobia is amazing (I don't have a clue how to spell that)
not after I opened my mouth and gave them a history lesson!!!! Lmao
On plane for Portland! woo ;)
#Crime #Justice is Profitable.Create more of it, call it "#economicrecovery". #Jobs More like
Thanks for mentions/favored/retweets
dude, the trend isn't girls who eat out too much. Hahahaha
Here you go universe: I'll work damn hard to book #Southland, #Homeland, and a multi-lettered 1hr cop drama this year! BAM!
hahah he's a maltese! How do I upload a twit pic of him?
TSOI-NY is at Totonno's Pizza in Coney Island.
Good luck with finals everybody! #homestretch /yd
Ha ha no, with an f! It wasn't horrible, though he did read the nutritional value for everything in my fridge.
SUPER BOWL SUNDAY! GO GIANTS
Wow! We have reached 100 followers! Thank you for the support :)
Tossing eggs down a hill - cause that's how I roll....
Happy Mother's Day to every mom! Whether you're expecting, have kids, or are just a mommy to pets, the world couldn't do it without you! (:
Kidd-Gilchrist is ridiculous. If he makes it out of the top 3 picks in June, there will be two teams regretting having passed on him.
need to get a new hat soon !
Please be careful! You are making me nervous! Going to see The Vow tomorrow. LOL wish u were here!
~ of course who can top that!
because they didn't know what they had. Now, he'll be front and center.
it would be awesome to be friends with they are so hilarious i love you guys
First Beezle show in 3 years. Done.
Taft looks like Mr. Quibbly in the #sketchers #commercial when he runs. Only he's not as fast.
I wanna take a hot one now =P
Wasn't that fan interference even worth an argument from Showalter?? Seemed pretty obvious to me.
Love is always subversive!
Also, stay tuned for pictures and a review from our last show with Elephant Doorstep, The Roxy Gunn Project, and AEthereal!! <3 <3 <3
I lovee it when white people try to speak Spanish
#RIP #JuniorSeau... #Football says thank you.
Early 90's club music. oh, I wish I was a teen at that time.....
Congrats to Andrew F Griffin for lighting design for King Lear at Synetic Theatre.
Very important question....to get the shirt or the shirt? Decisions. Decisions.
Wishing wasn't Always at her boyfriends all weekend
Creamy tomato ad garlic soup!
Overslept today but made it before math was over lol
I got my balls stuck in the tip jar.
Rage win by forfeit on Friday and now have a 7-2 record on the season.
Your inner critic has done enough today. Give her the afternoon off.
they need to hear me and you sing journey, we would deff win American idol.
hahaha that's how I am! lol My baby brother came into my room saying "bieber" and "baby" lol
N da street it ain't no help
i will <3 ya
Looked to me like after Ramos dropped it, Hairston tried (unsuccessfully) to swat it so Ramos couldn't retrieve it.
Just curious if anyone has any positive, or negative feedback on the Clearomizer? I've used it for about 3 wks now, I'm still on the fence..
Thanks for the MT!
Niggas talk dis sweet elegant shit to females on twitter, but dont do none of that to dey Real Woman.
Who wants a #FREE night at our amazing downtown property? Be our 700th follower!
Dodged me ...
good night:)
And volunteers needed for setting up and executing the Mustache Bash on the 20th of Movember! DM if interested!
Neither can we, cause our #lovebread is aewsomeee
lmfao, I don't think I do
You're so smart! :)
just here chilling!(:
students on stage singing at
Need Sr Backend Programmers, Technical Artists, QA Engineers & Technical Art Director, for
Derek Bailey's bk (quite old now) has chpt on Baroque/classical improv. He also did a TV series, interview R. Levin.
thank you
yes its my own recipe ! i got a bunch :)
Contemplating whether to sleep or not... Maybe I'll watch a couple old episodes of The Office and head to bed...
Happy!!! So nice outside.
I'M FEELING SKINNY TONY !
commonwealth's team, race, and coach!
Thrifty charged $9/gal "courtesy charge" for refilling half tank I used. Go f yourself thrifty.
maybe its the cheeba chews but she just doesn't seem to sing gnr too well
Well that sucks..
Life is AWESOME when your building your dream AND helping people!
2 of our books are photos + personal narratives from women and kids in prison. Great to see others using the medium this way!
why did you have to get sick
thanks for joining me on twitter
yes babe
Looking forward to cultivating the Wharton startup community
Thunder news release: James Harden is day-to-day. Still must take additional steps per league-mandated concussion policy before returning.
i was looking forward to breathing the same air as her once again.
I want to meet the manager who chose the playlist in the women's bathroom at the crown plaza hotel: "She's a brick, house"
nah, that one was for me.
Hope to see you all at the #unity rally ready to create a unity mural!
mayb if it was it would be awsome
Today's rain entirely filled our big outdoor trash can (accidentally left open). Much more flooding around here today than after Irene!
I'm flattered ;D
By end of 2011 over half of Americans will have a smart phone
If Rick Santorum wins I'm moving out of this fucked up country!!! What's wrong with people?!?!
phone is out of commission you can reach me on here or fb until further notice hoping that apple can fix it tomorrow
's United Center show - check, #ESMToledo - check...next up Puerto Rico! What a great week!
Its sad shes getting old :(
wonders if anyone else has ever noticed that the word bed actually looks like..a bed..(do you see it or is it just me?)
I'm up dis early
Yikes! RT : Perhaps the most interesting of the political posters created by Coronado students and displayed at the
Kobe's always gonna be #1 so what's ur pt? And why R U so hostile all of a sudden? LOL
Isn't it wonderful? RT : Another blue sky day in #pdx!
you should check us out too! We hail from Nashville too!
That wasn't even an NBA continuation in the MSU-Lehigh game. Absolutely brutal call.....
My love and thoughts go out to the people of Congo today. May this be a day toward peace.
Looking the for hottest stylist and barbers in the A, dm me if you got the skills.....
Its alright, your ready for the night of your life stars will shine so bright
Not looking good for LA.
New record... STOP TARGETING ME STOP TARGETING ME STOP TARGETING ME! stop targeting me stop George Zimmerman sounded drunk or high
Fast Forward is killing "maneater" right now. Amazing.
Sad day. Steve Jobs passes away at 56. Great man. Will be missed.
Country music as this crowd rocking can't wait for the line dancing
Can't trust none of this niggas... Can't trust none of these hoes. #SmokeOut Conversations
Thank you kindly for the RTs and mentions...
Having a great time pickin' and singin' at the
I want them for me. picks the 11 best illustrated children's books of 2011. brainpickings.org/index.php/2011
Zombie junk heads in
Thanks for being so nice to me, and for spreading the word!
How do you feel about the #Facebook brand #Timelines?
When it comes to Newt Gingrich, my 1st question is: "Women willingly fucked that guy!?" 2nd question: "Were they concious and/or sober?".
Roll up its
what normal person has to get up this early? oh yeah, no one cause all the other counties start school a hour later then us.
Cuz wen the lights go off, that's wen ppl like me stand up, and make ppl like yu break.
If world refuses to help you. Just Remember the words of Einstein "I am thankful to all those who said no, Its bcoz of them i did it myself"
i wanna go to Atlanta or Florida! Either way, Im starting to save up already! Lol
oh no (hope you're ok) but cant help but laugh too! Yes, oh the
Great finish 4 #Badgers' Kyle Jefferson. RT : Waking up this morning knowing u gave it your all and came out on top is
I love my osa
do you work or go to school, wat you do ma
Is that Schwimer's fastball or impression of Joe Borowski's slider? I seriously can't tell. Not a good thing.
why is everyone so SHORT?! I'm not even in HEELS!
Agreed. RT : Rangers-Devils tonight: surprised to say it but that was more fun than just about all this weekend's NCAA games.
When you meet that cute person just for 30 minutes and you see them the next day but dont say hi cuz you dont wanna look like a stoker...
Great ima hear it from my boss -___-
I want to go out to eat who down
The Euro Crisis Has Entered A Dangerous New Phase via
I LOVE MONDAYS.
She stabbed me.... With a pen
i luv this saying... it makes me feel really smart
#NW Off their Rockers
damn depressing.
Testing Text to twitter
Just finished a GREAT photoshoot!!! Can't wait for the finished products!!!
Great stuff, Frank, can't wait!
That is the beauty of Twitter...
Gerbil Garbage 2012. This ain't your momma's grungecore psychedelic jazz infusion bluegrass band!
Of course not! I love the scope of the book & the way it moves between personal & global—it helped me finish my book.
Interview.. Got the call saying I got the job before I pulled into my garage. Masters, opening day, rangers line-up
you were awesome last night- look forward to next!
Fan fest just ended tickets still available at the door. The excitement is
What ya getting into today? Playing any ball? Coaching? Lifting?
#Houston bound to present a former teacher/mentor, now colleague and great friend with an award for alumni weekend.
On my way to Louisville
Community = Tribal heritage
Zing, Boom, Tararrel! The Brewers are on their way!
Studying: 1% I study. 99% Telling people I'm going to study.
I'd like to kick you in the teeth,You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse. Bitch!!!!
be safe and watch out for the pigs
hashtag you never want to have to use. RT
On my way to cover an event in Balboa Park for Latinos who are making a difference in their communities.
Summer: be here now, plz.
.. You guys are amazing <3 GOD BLESS YOU.
I didn't feel too bad. Mainly tired.
Korean Girls Are Really Cool...
Just rewatched The Kids Are All Right and liked it way way better w/o the audience at Riv oaks cnstntly laughing to prove how hip they are.
is very pleased by the turnout for the VA Festival of the Book Events. We are at SRO on the first two events. If you love oceans--get here!
lol I wasn't planning on it but the I couldn't stand to look at my notes anymore without some beer in me.
It's the 100K-foot view summarized for higher ed admin. Hopefully not news to academic librarians.
Why are you so fucking annoying? You have to know that you act like a little mother fucker don't you? Oh well... fuck it.
Again w/ AC/DC in what should be a serene woman's locker room. U.S. - your music sucks. The girls locker room hates you.
I wish I still had a camera that required me to develop the film... I miss my 110... (advancing film noise)
Ha at least you dont get mad :p
Woo! 4 hours of sleep
bad news for the people of San Diego and the future of the park.
#Rangers on the board 1:32 into the first, Brad Richards beat Holtby through traffic, Carlson was right in front screening
Thank you OverDrive for changing the wording on Penguin eBooks to "Kindle devices via USB only".
I love cupcakes!! :D
Loaded pictures from SLA Ldrshp Smmt to facebook. Great meeting; great memories.
: I know. I Miss it a lot! I want to go back to the way we used to be. Us being together every single day!!
Geez, I'm here. No need to yell. RT : PCC Cascade campus at noon!! Be there!!
Nice! 48F and sunny in twin cities; little early for #AAM2012--maybe explore?
People looking at me cause Im tweeting and laughing!
#NowPlaying Every Little Thing by ♥
another Monday another school day -.-
TKS AGAIN BOO SMILES ,,,
totes envy your job homegirl.
Eating some chili..I'm cold and lazy.
The on-going mystery can finally come to a stop. For it is I who took the cookies from the cookie jar.
multimedia authoring practice: authoring, layers, compression, editing, audience
hello! Thanks for following. I visiting Quezon years ago. It was a great experience.
Sure. FDH sent me two more DL LPs and a Glow Kit one to give away on Get Bent as well.
Who is Stephen Neal?
duke vs. FSU prediction?
Today's the day! Dine early, dine often to benefit - we love #DiningOutForLife!
because is acting like a child. He's trying to get his way, not do what's best for this country.
RT : Here we go! Q1: Who has a social media fundraising success story? cc
Haha! That'd be amazing!!!
#saysomething that doesnt remind me of my cruise this year :(
kris jenner makes me laugh :')
RT Gallant Knight is back! Here I come, baby.
Everyone was created unique and different, except Japanese people. They were created with copy and paste.
i am seriously in love with francisco lachowski
WATCH MISFITS! omg best show ever
Joining us at 6 2nite for Narrator book launch?
Ansira is looking for an Insight Director 2 manage the analysis of our digital campaigns, let me know if you're interested
put your mind to it and you'll accomplish anything
bahahahah we need a reunion.
DE fans think Julie ships SE, and SE fans think she ships DE. Lmao
Cats Shouldn't Even Eat Cheeseburgers - Rage Comics
Truly stunned at the picture quality on ROH. 720p? It's like they realized it's 2012.
Online college education is gaining bulk popularity. Become a part of the student fraternity enrolled here and check out the benefits
thanks a lot:) our first EP will be coming out really son!
Kobe looks gassed... from all the toilet time today...
"When Jesus said this, one of the officials nearby slapped him in the face." (John 18:22 NIV)
Follow me so I can message you back :)
Thoughts on the State of the Union?
_: Teacher: "WATCH YOUR LANGUAGE!" .. Me: "OH SHIT, sorry" This reminded me of you in school:p
MPTV 36 has been taken over by TV & Video students! They’re at the controls so tune in all day for student-produced programs.
I last saw you 2 play in 82. My 2 fav bands together again! I can't wait!!
#thatawkwardmoment When you're waiting for you family after church and all you have to do is tweet.
So jealous! Enjoy your trip.
I wonder if Doc Emerick screams like that when he ejaculates. #aSHHHHOTTTT!
Advice taken. :)
What do YOU put on burger? RT dude, ketchup on a burger?
Thank you for snacks at ! With obv. :)
How you been doin lil momma??
i am on the way home. come over.
The tongue is the only tool that gets sharper with use.- Washington Irving
I heard them on some mix tape in '09 and its OK.. I fell a bit behind now..
Ah. Hes even cuter on the beach!
Have fun drowning your sorrows
can i get info on when my pants are gunna cum its been a month already. my invoice # is 000004211
Merry Christmas to all!!!!!
Do you have what it takes to be a Pittsburgh Bullets! Tryouts June 2nd. Register by emailing .
"Argonne scientists design self-assembling, half-millimeter wide "microbots" that can swim and transport objects." we're all going to die
Very welcome. Contact us @ & become part of our soon to release mobile guide app
Awesome! Bring on the race photos! Can't wait to see them :)
I'm way too quick so I get the glory :P
at mercy collage booth:) r u coming?
thanx for the follow :)
love that song!
no i thought i saw in your followers and is my cousin
Here we go...
Listing the Facebook stock as FB seems pretty weak to me. I can't believe people are reading all 202 pgs of their S-1 either.
I want to give you a big Happy Birthday and many more. And I have to say you look fabulous .
Ouch. Excel breezed through my hefty lookup formula, which typically locks up Numbers.
Writing poetry is something I cherish doing, because not only it expresses my feelings, but people can hear me out for a change#poet fanatic
Hahahaha... Man that's messed up! (Durant voice) ": Doodle jump 2 - Tacos - 0"
last year I did the exact same thing when people brought up negativity on Father's Day
hi. love you
see you at #bunnarchy Saturday!
It feels like I don't tweet like I use to but Life is SO busy, Lol. Had a beautiful and amazing week with my woman!! #LGBT ♥
Saturday! Work continues as usual...
We are all biebtastic
Luv you dahling! Hope you're having a fun Sat night. I'm off to drink wine and make my husband cook me dinner.
Come out salsa with LATIN WAVE at from 8:30-12:30 Tonight! Salsa lessons at 9:30pm!!
smh you stay in court lol
lol. Try asking it anything from one of the commercials.
Happy birthday!
Oh, whatever. You know all that shit is either made up or the people are lying! I'm sure I have way more notches, too.. oops
I did but no response 😔
- the conservative position would be to privatize or at least localize education and get the Govt out of the way
WHAT IN THE HELL WOULD R.MAJERUS KNOW ABOUT UPSETTING UK.....
that's a jam right there
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear get on the baseline
I'm guessing you don't watch the show lol
is that a goat??
on now. What for some hilarious excuses for being late? My cat had the hiccups...
Criticism, like rain, should be gentle enough to nourish a man’s growth without destroying his roots. --Frank A. Clark
Houston, TX to rename itself officially to Whitney Houston, TX
old bestfriends, new strangers...
: want 2 free tickets to my concert on the 21st including free transportation and accommodatiI, go follow , done
DO WE CALL YOUR CELL OR SKYPE #? :) RT : If you wanna skype then call me! I'm on my phone and my camera doesn't work though:(
I need to stop retweeting things. xD
Falling to my knees cause I've been chasing a lie. I wanna break your heart too, lead you on enough to drop you. Heartaches and mistakes...
Watch out for that mixtape "Soul Candy"
Have #Florida #Kentucky #NCState & #UNC in my
Even though I saw it coming, it still hurts.
#bizforum A4: Unstructured data is noise. Properly interpreted data is signal. The signal or noise is not the data's fault.
love you two!!!
Got into a fight lol
Our aspirations are our possibilities. - Robert Browning
Have fun today! RT State Finals! Come and see us!
Tonight is the night is the night we're losing control. Tonight is the night is the night we set it off. Everybody go.
you and I might be featured for tweeting back and forth while I was in a plane ,000 feet in a quote!
Hi, I feel ya. AppSumo is pretty awesome for tech self improvement!
id even take regular cake
trying to figure out what #spotify did to my browser (#firefox) but still loving #spotify. just hope it doesn't make me really unhappy.
Best of luck to PRODIJIG on Got to Dance UK tonight. Tear it up and let's push things forward!
no way, n I was looking to grab some late night snack... This message 3 hours later :( lol.
So who wants to c me on my web cam i an take my shirt and pants off but cant do anythin else for a bit lol hit me up for yahoo
If this is ur April Fools joke then well played Media Monitors, well played...
Julie Bronson faces up to 10 years in prison, or probation, for running over 18-month-old Ava Lopez, her mother and her sister in April '09.
he said i should respect your ear!! Glad u liked it... And hope all is well......Millz Album is Crazy!!! Truss
Hooligan Don't let people makeU doubt how great Ureally R &U can't let what people say 2make themselves feel superior hurt you.
Envisioning Creative Collaboration Between Faculty and Technologists! by Gail Rathbun, Sally Kuhlenschmidt and David Sacks
since you don't fuck wit your Boi no more I might come fuck with you tonight how bout that???lol
Firing up Check Your Head right now.
Second trimester key for pregnancy weight gain
#TextMessagesFromAStalker Your uncle Charles said hello...
Lmao my bad, that's what I mean't though...
Thanks #KW peeps for the RT! Got a response via twitter from support at #chase so hopefully they can help move things along!
All my stuff that I ordered last week finally came in today. 7 wrestling dvds and Jeff Gordons 2012 Dupont hat and the 2012 Nascar Day P ...
PickUpLine: Um...I need a little help with my Calculus, can you integrate my natural log?
Amazing stuff. How many of us have ever thought about truly shifting the emotional paradigm with our work/branding?
Oh no!
well like I said not yet
more devastated than losing the league to your city rivals on goal difference in stoppage time?
Hooray! Love you too!!!
New in cans, Longboard, full-bodied golden lager perfect for sunbathing on our Mellow roof. Now all we need is sun.
yes sir I know that!!
My toes look kinda like little sausages. Yum(:
What I wouldn't do for a chocolate cupcake right now
RT : Happy St. Patrick’s Day to all of our members and business partners! Enjoy; we are right here if you need assistance!
"Prediction is hard to do - especially if it is about the future!" - listening to Michio Kaku at
when I tweeted that I wanted cookies last week, that didn't happen to me. cc
When I see Mitt all I see is a man in the pitch black of night on a train track, with a light (Obama) bearing down on him.
#3WordsForYou It's My Life
Crazy day! Emergency shoot for Harvard Law Review in Malibu and then to Newport Beach!
Is This Week in VC ever coming back? I miss your show!
Finally remembered to add "!*.jar" to my global File search in Eclipse to exclude jars. Man that speeds things up.
if you want a real answer email me .net
What's the haul? Good pack job, too.
O don't need new follower.
It was very quiet Thanksgiving. We grilled steaks because no one likes turkey. :-) How was yours?
Sure do! How have you been?
Looking for someone in Madison who can create some simple body illustrations for a medical app - stylized outlines important, not realism
shares her journey rebranding at Intersections and Shared Ideals Across Design Disciplines
adjusting my #quantifiedself experiments to further datify my life.
thank you for the retweet
Looks like met about everyone in #BBN. I didn't even have a sighting :( He's going to be a fan favorite for a long time!
Hey , I'm excited to perform on the Claremont stage tonight!
The problem with the Chevy end of the world commercial is that there will only be MEN left at the end of the world.
^o^ if someone promoted me I'd love you forever.
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.”
This bitch gets on my nerves , she's always writing something irrevelant , like foh . fake bitch !
that was so fun omg.
that's funny !
Faculty: What's on your to-do list this summer? Re-organize your classes? Redo your syllabus? Share your goals with us.
Cold outside bur
On the train to DC! I love and miss everyone, huge thanks for an amazing summer!
Bacteria growing on ground beef is 100% all-natural, but I still don't want it.
hi joe.
I love church and all my beautiful friends that attend! #HappyEaster ⛪ ❤
My favorite library would have to be 's , because of all the great resources for students & faculty!
solid job, extra CHEEZY
being punched in the nuts > Econ
Dear Marketers and Advertisers, please stop putting QR Codes on cars (esp small codes).
BREAKING NEWS: I finally took my first solid shit in 5 days. No more diarrhea!
The first 10 ppl to DM there Full Name, Phone Number and Email get a free photo shoot courtesy of YKMD RT
Thanks, but I'll pass. Snoozefest. RT I will be appearing on tonight at 9pm eastern! Tune in!
THANKS TO ALL THE SERVICE #VETERANS AROUND THE WORLD...YOU ARE THE REAL HEROES!!!
You never know what u got until it's gone.
#Allin win for the gmen last night. Part 2 has the Badgers smelling like roses.
Contagion = mass bird+pig superflu outbreak.
Joan's hair is now even redder than it used to be. I don't know how people can possible think she's a natural!
thanks for the retweet
Oh no! Let me know what you think when you see it!
I absolutely hate this face ~~~~> 😡 him looks so mean
Thanks for the RTs!
Follow me on Instagram : marc.morris
ok good (:
Figuring out how to fit my skateboard into my suitcase and not get charged for it. First world problems...
Oklahoma City Thunder guard Nate Robinson underwent arthroscopic surgery on his right knee Friday and will be sidelined 4-6 weeks. Coach
hey! march 31 and registration closes on the 27th
west loop. I will direct message you the address and my number
does Courtney get naked in front of her parents?
Suns down 109-95 with 2:44 left. PHX just has no answers for Lawson.
lol any questions check previous twitter posts
Thank you for the #FF shoutout! Have a great (busy) weekend!
It's one of those nights where if I go out to the garage, I'm feel like I'm going to find Robert De Niro under my car.
who finna hit u up
Sorry but just cause Damon ended up meeting her first doesn't mean he should be with her... There's more to it.
Being the most indecisive person in the world is getting me nowhere and making me crazy. Might be time to change that.
Clearly I have defeated you earthworm with my words -- imagine what I would have done with my fire breathing fists
I'm willing to fight for it though :-)
Bill O'Riley & Dennis Miller had fun ripping apart the no bake sale bill on The Factor last night. It was priceless.
sigh...time to work outside.
true true. And as a super user of , I'd love to design the interface.
Absolutely, contact me to set it up.
If you dont be up when i be up u just dnt plan on workin at all do you? These business hours
He's 18
thanks for the follow!!!!
I'm not a Christian you simple bastard. I'm just tired of you cry-baby Atheist pissing and moaning about their sad lot in life.
oopsie moment in keynote: Hilton talks about Nines, uses screen shot from Alison Booth's Women's Bios project.
Thank you for the RT!
Lol so this lady took like 15 minutes putting gas, and then she gets in her car, and gets back out to smoke a cig. Lmao people these days!
thank you for this awesome review! And really thank you for acknowledging my message.
Love talking to my family<3
Portland beat San Antonio by 40? Sheesh
thanks Wayne!!
I didn't make any reference to the stress of your sexuality dude
where you work?
AWP is almost here. It always seems to sneak up on me. This conference is ninja-like.
World Cup Wednesday: (7am - Spain/Switzerland) (11:30am - South Africa/Uruguay) (6:30pm - Honduras/Chile)
How did you like Espana Tapas? I've been wanting to try it out. So far, I've heard good things!
To quote #mrtony, "Good night, Canada."
Go vote for !! Austin , i know you're gonna win this one!
Reviewing student GIS Analysts' applications for our #SummerofCode. Some really good stuff. Tough competition. Tough decision!
Goalie match-ups remain the same - Scrivens to start for the #Marlies, Leggio for the
Drinking Indra Kunindra at Toronado. I assume it was named after a Potterverse spell.
Big 12 Women's Soccer Tournament to be held at LIVESTRONG Sporting Park in 2013 and 2014
On the way to eat, with my mom & my daughter!
I was so sleepy earlier and now I can't go to sleep :/ Guess this is a good time to check where all my classes are for #SpringSemester Haha
can i be in that video as an extra that song is motovation to my career
Hmm should I sleep?
year = semester :p RT : This has been such a stressful year.
I understand the metro problem was huge, but there is no reason for #wmata employees & Cops to tell people to F**k off
Here for my callback, send good vibes my way!
Sup ivy?
Addicted to him.smh
well me sara josh and candice are going to see harry potter and the half prince (candice is a harry potter freak)
Being ignored <
Off to Will probably observe radio silence until Sunday.
yay! Thank you guys :] Y'all are so sweet! :]
your lucky that you dont start until sept 12 ...i start august 23
im tired aF n you?/:
they look bad, dude.
YEA ME TO! IF THEY CANT BE NICE & RESPECTFUL THEN BE QUIET! I DEAL WITH KIDS AT SCHOOL LIKE THAT TO. 1 BROKE MY GLASSES THIS WEEK!
Was just reminded of Car Wars on the TI-99. My dad hid it from us so we wouldn't learn to drive a car with a joystick. :)
We all know we have weaknesses, but focus on strengths and how far they can take you
#Gyrotonic equipment offers complete freedom of movement. It's fully adjustable to meet the needs of every body type and level of strength.
Having fun with twitter. Milwaukee folks... hit me up so we can mutually follow. thx! (this offer not limited to brew town folks.. ;)
"Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing." Benjamin Franklin
pick your horse. Win=1st, Place=2nd, Show=3rd.
Long! : ( Just worked and studied, finals coming up and most my teachers are starting early with the work.
TONIGHT ELEGANCE WEAR PAJAMA/LINGERIE & RECEIVE FREE ENTRY!!!!! $5 ADMISSION!!!! $5 ADMISSION!!!!! $5 ADMISSION!!!!!
Ok thanks.
Perfect day for a gallery opening & a stroll along the Hudson with two of my favorite ladies.
Oh, you boys are DREAMY!
Give him some of your awesomeness ! He just won't even try
Hi everyone i am in austin pants follow bck please xx
is there any other body part of Austin that hasn't been taken up!?(:
U don't need that belly of yours to be showing in pics to get likes ur beautiful with it out or with it covered
I thought April showers brought May flowers, not more rain. What happened to spring??
Should have stayed home, fml
Just a reminder from now til 2am at the Mondrian Scottsdale in the Red Room we have special guest DeeJay NOBuDDY entertaining the crowd
Last minute recruiting for next weeks camp? I think so yes!
#WeAreMarquette almost game time!
Make everyday a Small Business Saturday!!!! Support
The #Orioles go into the 2nd half of the season w/ an average attendance of 21,542 @ Camden Yards. Can the fans pick it up?
you deserve to be on there, those people have one thing in common #motivation if you are in richmond pop in to my gym and say hi
Ah I crack myself up sometimes. aha
I love to just zone out of the world and just be by myself with my music.
Hot redhead, wearing an Avs shirt, serving bacon at a beer event. I must marry her.
Mess up & lose your spot! I Dare You!!!
Are you ready to make the change? Now is the time to do it you douche
And now trying to write checks to pay the bills, after alcohol & already being way too tired, maybe not the ~brightest~ idea :)
lol oh well do that thenn I'm gonna just finish the project tomorrowww -.-?
just did
½ price martinis every Tuesday. Now there’s no excuse. Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar, 1120 N. High St., Columbus
Feel bad 4 #NHRA, b-cast bumped since softball on #ESPN went into extra's and BB2Nite is now on the ESPN2. Ruff start for
good question you asked in the new episode of :] I never really thought how Trina got in Hollywood arts. :D
well thank you! what a compliment :-)
haha I was just trying to make a funny is all
Sounds frustrating!
bro i missed it on the radio :(
Vacation time starts in 10 hrs. A week of relaxation and fun with my family! Going to the Grand Canyon... Can't wait I've never been!
Happy Hump Day to all the sports fans out there...Go SoX, Go Hawks, Go Packers ( Sept 9th ) Bears & cubs can go to Hell : )
#jealoushands has become my default morning album. I just wonder: will come to TX?
Almost got in trouble with the law ;) yolo
Love it. RT : I would rather set fire to my own face. RT : Help us grow our base. Encourage others to join us.
Incahoots tonight or stay in and play Diablo 3, decisions decisions
It's not the 'principled obstructionism' as much as the total recalcitrance and lack of accommodation/compromise.
Some people have strong feelings about direct copying. I say if it is fun do it, just make sure you have some orig stuff
RT : "You don't want to be on [Murdoch's] wrong side, because he'll kill ya with headlines."
Um. is kinda killing it in Austin.
To the hoop , strong everytime. Take it to the basket men.....good things happen
Man finds dinosaur bone in garden - Sky News Australia
I just can't think or function that early. I think if I slept better at night, maybe.
Definitely into 's performance at the right now.
I don't know...I'm kind of remembering the crumbly desserts fondly
new motto. lol
Wishing you all a wonderful new year. Tanti auguri!
Oh ok I get it now! Thanks for explaining
Just saw the following: "Now available for bookings -- Back Door Movements." Uh...yeah. Where's when you need him? LOL
dope! I'll start spreading the word. It's time to drop this
what's up
Welcome to Denver! You gotta get to lower downtown and check a Rockies game out.
i just woke up from that nap.. i tried to wake up 3 times but i could not open my eyes
Gabe Carimi is your starting right tackle. Even Lance Louis proved to be a capable right tackle.
not very hard, but yea! :L
#camnewton is doing a GREAT job!
I want something real
Thanks guys :)
Bork's tattoo is hard to draw but Punk's are harder :/
ha RT mznellynelle_ after watching worldstar hip hop...i also need a fitness ball *walks away and w1k4pS
S/O 2 my boi lol I needed that laugh yall make sure y'all follow him
Tonight will be the night that I will fall for you over again<3
Pittsburgh auditions for Monongahela scheduled for Oct 21& 28 - email for details
Overheard at Conner Prairie today: “You know, I had so much fun here today, I almost forgot it was a museum!”
Had to work tonight. I was lucky enough to catch some of the game. But just now read the twitter feed. God I want to unfollow some of you.
nice headphones!
who creep creeped on your evening?
#DamnStraight! FOO!!!!! RT On in the background. is just waiting for
Wish I was motivated enough to walk to wawa
I would love to drive a celebrity tour bus & get that $$$ cuz I be handling them big trucks.. #DrivingOnEm`
Inception still showing a great presents. Great movie!
RT : Wyatt: our catalog records should be *brimming over* with our RA expertise - awards, links to readalike lists.
Congrats on the engagement!!
on a webinar re social media strategy. Presenter just realized this year that he couldn't ignore it anymore. Boy, gonna learn a lot here.
Ah, well hopefully you get it back soon!
yeah. :O & I'm gonna have to wake up at 6:30
will do. See you at Roses this weekend?
one for the ages!
I miss you </3
umm I'll have you know that and I are only ever extremely classy...and lazy.
When I leave Miami, I'm leaving everything behind.
when will you realize,baby im not like the rest
I miss you too, I'd stop by but I don't have a car.
RT : Will say this: the #Jaguars aren't begging to be on Hard Knocks, but they'll happily do it if asked.
Best overheard conversation of the day: Four men at Indy breakfast restaurant planning group home for homeless veterans.
I should probably get dressed since the day is half way over. lol
Ultrasonic will be available for your viewing pleasure after our premiere. March 5 2011 - hooray for self distribution!
Happy one-year GSA anniversary to ! Expecting even greater things in 2012! (no pressure tho...)
Cliff Lee is pretty naughty
Your not your a angel.
great presentation. Cute kids!
you can get a good blu ray for $50 or $60 that will stream Netflix too
Yeah, I've been told I misread an article as an update from NBC. If it turns out to be true, though, I'm oddly OK with it.
Our webinars are recorded, we'll post the link to the archive a couple days after. Thanks for your interest!
Wow no show lmao I hate u
Good bike ride. I can officially start my diet now. :D
Pollen'Cast! EEk.. today hitting high around 10.2 ..but are you ready? A huge decline by tomorrow at only 6.8 ..some major relief!
You got it you funny, crazy group of geniuses
RIP Steve Jobs.
What is YOUR favorite New Mexican dish? Do you like burritos? Rellenos? Let us know! We'd love to hear from you La Salita Nation!
until that number gets you thrown in jai :)
Thanks for the follow! Love the collegiate natural hair group movement on your website.
What...I need to back up my fb..have to find out how.
no problem!
seems like only yesterday...I think you should finish ALL of your books (and articles and blog posts) in Aspen! I'll help.
To all my ladies and some gentlemen Spa week is on it's way, October 10th through the 14th take full advantage!!! I will be can't wait!
Nero coming through my speakers, my fast car, n driving on the highway on a beautiful day is a speeding ticket waiting to happen
can't believe you had to miss half the movie :( I'll watch it again!
-Pens D need to at Least show up for 1/2 the game-And if Sid and Geno r 2 gether on a line 2 nite, Geno will score- thoughts?
We're good just need to step our defense and we'll fine. Not a fan of trading baskets back n forth
Rain on my commute ... What's up with that???
RT : following now!! RT : I am working to follow all of you lovely ladies! :) TREH
Every day there are more than 110,000 patients waiting for a lifesaving organ donation. Have you signed up to be a donor yet?
There are far too many Condescending Wonka twitter accounts.
RT : A HUGE Praiiiii Pi Chi to my prophyte for winning Greek Woman of the Year! #THETA runs this show!!
What's worse than being #hungover in class?! NOTHING. RT for a free sample of Closing Time Hangover Supplement!
Congrats SEGD on a fascinating Design of Location Conference yesterday. Happy to have been part of it
Opportunities can be "manufactured." You don't have to wait for fate
Heartbreaking that #Fringe is getting worse and worse til the end. Sigh.
see what i said
Word play
i wish! it sounds amazing!
wins ACM FEMALE VOCALIST OF THE YEAR.
Dreaming Happy
Most days I think my supervisor is working with a third of a brain. That or she is retarded.
I'm wondering why "Hollywood" week on American Idol looks so much like Pasadena?
I love cold calling...seriously...enjoy your weekend everyone!!!
fuck, i'm seriously about to smack you.
You're too sweet! I wouldve freakin LOVED to have had the opportunity to take Digital Studies! I did ol fashion mrkting instead ;)
My head is freaking pounding!
Good Morning! Today is Tuesday and the rain is gone! Smile, have a productive day!
Luck baby!!
So if by the time the bar closes, & you feel like falling down...I'll carry you home, tonight 😌💗
HA ! Male if you don't sit your ass down somewhere. Your an ex learn your place your not caling no damn shots. Kiss my ass bitch.
Thanks guys, I remembered Google Cache just after I posted that tweet and got the screenshot of Kirmse's message for the blog post.
No, I am not, Kyle. My trigger finger's just slow. Also, the day-laborers weren't here yesterday. Oh, you mean "libido", no?
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great - Zig Ziglar. Keep smiling.
Pork rinds, Bottom Dollar and crates full of liquor.
Continuing the search for work in San Diego. Please retweet. Thanks.
Yes, let's!
Riding solo to River Riot. Stoked to see Incubus. Hit me up if your there!
": Go to where you got your badge holder and ask for a sticker. Took me forever, too!" To get tweet badge
ha! Lol I was just about to.. Gotta get up at 6 .. Night!
someone explain to me how the #25 scoring offense has 20 points on the #1 defense?? :::sigh:::
We aren't? What are we then?
"Survive for your life!"
Yes indeed the Coyotes move on.
#MyWorldTourMemory Lol, none, I couldn't go to the concert //:
Way to go Fowler. Not only did your lazy attempt at a one-handed catch on routine fly cost the #Rockies two runs, but it got Moyer yanked.
WHOA. #Badgers RT : I have been told former Maryland QB Danny O'Brien is poised to come to UW for 2012.
you brought that top spin 4??
sounds good. You move to NYC? Running it in SF?
Thanks for mention --- Love ur new pic. She is a cutie!
hacks back on... energy drinks entering blood stream
We have a User's Group schedule! Mark your calendars for August 10-12 and watch for the schedule to be posted tomorrow!
Yay! It was fun to have big prizes this year!
Girls trying to be yours. Can have you.
Sadly you might be right. It sounds like a sad social commentary.
im s daughter! She reccomended u watching with her
Everyone is a genius at least once a year. A real genius has his original ideas closer together. Georg Lichtenberg
Wow You Should Remember
Today looks like a great day to go to thee beach.(:
Why ? Cause she cause she got that BOOMERANG pussy !
The #FAU commit, Esteban Puerta draws a walk to load the bases for American Heritage in the bottom of the fifth. Pompano Beach leads 3-1
Thanks, ! We hope that you can join us for the action
could be time for peace too. Word
he tweeted he landed in new york
#HAF know what it is
we often don't recommend gmail to customers bc it requires text or call verification when signing up & they often don't have a cell
Thank You Jacksonville and Surrounding Cities, We Thank You for Once Again enjoying The Jacksonville ATL, This Weekend!
When I hit reset on my phone everything is a mess.
nothing online yet, but most of my songs are in the key of G or E if that helps!
Did you get it fixed?
See, I tweeted you.
had a great time at #neaspring10 !
Next goal. A new 15 minute set for next Friday.
when bones started kissing booth at the crime scene ;)
Off with Their Heads! Does that sound like I could be at a metal show?
20% off all surley bikes! Come and get 'em!
it's part of apple's plot to make everyone learn english.
#WhiskeyHangOver by #Godsmack for all those who may still have a #HangOver!
RIT students can now enhance their experience on MyCourses. Stop by the SAU today to learn how the new plug-in, BookBag, can help!
Thank you for following us, look forward to hearing more from you
True that.
Having a hard time figuring out a name for my column for #ThePaisano! Arg.
Go completely digital on those flashcards and forget the printing and cutting for good.
What? Messi capita? Why am I missing this?!
Thanks!!! I miss FARKtv. Short lived but Oh so fun. Need to do it again one day :)
10 day weather forecast = me ordering electric heated mattress pad 5 days ago = me very happy tonight!
People who have tried HCG, 75 to 90% have had hardly any or no difficulty maintaining their new, ideal weight. YES!! www.lasvegashcg.com
That was fast. Hope it's good news.
It's nice to see that real musicians still exist. Thanks
I absolutely hate Captcha. It makes me feel like I am taking a test. And I always fail, at least three times.
that's is so true
ooooouhhhhhhh :) thanks boo!
OH: It sounds just legit enough to quit.
sounds fun
I knew when I started my #gratefulness year, I might hit a day when I needed to dig deep for my daily tweet. Today is that first hard day.
Done with 2 now 4 to go.
Blog found many times this week by searching "iris holy fire." I'm going to presume this is a springtime plant search.
#36 If you would miss church before you would work because of the way you feel you need to check your priorities Bro.
If you could set me up to do some snow #sculpting? I am there! We could be a team :)
kirken is actually trending wow
aw thank you so much (':
next weekend ;)
That ice cream was amazing!
Yes, now enjoy your Facebook wall.
AH! Feeling like new!
Congrats #Cardinals. Y'all played better and deserved to win.
I love that. It's so true too.
So tired
why are continuing ed classes so much
Spring Fling dress, Eyelet Dream dress, Lacey Lullaby dress, Pretty for the Picnic dress.
Thank you! Have a great weekend!
Never read her... Where do u recommend me starting? LOVE reading recommendations, so keep them coming! Safe travels!!
Thunder is a rich source of loudness. (I SO love this one!).
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
congrats girlie! Better be seeing you out soon! We missed ya at feens bday bash
In pain ..the knee is killing
Chimera graduated from spearing Marchand to headhunting Chara pretty quickly, no?
It's days like this that make me glad I work from home most of the time.
Thanks to and for helping me to 100 followers. Love my new PLN. Learning much
Also, this study doesn't take into account the many hours teachers work outside their classrooms w/out OT compensation.
Do the stinky leg lmao. The things that's used to be popular
fuck being sick
The developing world spends $13 on DEBT REPAYMENT for every $1 it receives in grants -End of Poverty? Documenaty on hulu
Good Morning! Made it home safe and sound! Now dreaming of a White Christmas, but we're getting rain! Come on Snow.....
I like it... good job by you. I'm already in Steeler mode. Sending season ticket $ this week. ;)
Do you ever wish you lived on a nude beach?
O.o wow, I wish I had that problem -_- how do u have all this blood? It should be inside of you, you need it
Watching old Eyedea battle vids.... Wads a supremely talented kid. RIP
How was your day??(: #6MOREDAYS :) Can't wait!!! #YEE <33
yeah! I saw some comments from the backchannel, would love to see the prezi
oh cool. im color yellow. kk bye.!
I just want it to be summer already.
If I post a controversial tweet, I try to post a source. There is so much false info and so many blind alleys on Twitter.
that's what I thought!
Well I feel better, a CNBC host just actually said looks like there might be a lower opening with Dow Futures off over 150 points. Really?
Was trayvon standing his ground?
Integrate EE & overall environmental/social progress w sourcing & product design Eocke #MnBES go deep
“: I can still barely see where she bit me...” I'm sorry 😘😉
Fuck me hard, go Thomas...
*virtual laughter*
J.J. Hickson come on aboard please!!! Danny should be calling him right now!!! before MIA gets in the way.
Yes I am a Mayweather hater.
“: Disney World goes through 194,874 miles of toilet paper every year.” 1/3 of that is from the family of
Lunch date w/ la tia 💋
Kyle knows you're ditching him next week!
just saw that beckett's whole golf thing was before he was scratched. i thought it was on the day he was scratched. typical non-story story
A big-ass Oakland welcome to Malik Abdul Siegel, brand new firstborn of !
I love it when a plan comes 2gether.
Hard at work prepping for the LA Times Festival of Books (), or LATFOB, as we like to call it. Sounds like an expletive.
The WH created a convenient tool to petition government. Instead of complaining, why not encourage people to use it?
:( Stupid laptop. I hope it perks up soon!
Gallery Hop "officially" runs 4pm-10pm TODAY! Barrel 44 is open 'til 2:30am so you can grab drinks before, during, and after!
dance Of the week "pou gasol" my own creation!
it was great meeting you and hearing about your research (which is not as dated as you might think!) ...nice job on the Q&A. :-)
know what lady justice is, and how/why court system has grown. Multiple choice, you're screwed.
MUCH. The meds have been amazing!
Wow have fun! (: One of these years I'll go 😓
much appreciated sir
Came home to hubby cooking bacon
The pink slime controversy has definitely affected my food choices
Testing for my red belt today! Then off to work at Hibbetts. Maybe tomorrow I'll have time to make boomerangs =)
The Natalie version?
#ocwcglobal Question at MIT 10 yrs ago: how would people use classroom time when/if all content was put up on the web?
bob dylan songs - "saw a shooting star tonight"...& it reminded me of you..."when traveling i hum this song & think of my granddaughter.
Kind of amusing to be remoting into work through my TV.
Captivate session went well. Participants loved it and asked for more sessions like this :)
C.R.E.A.M. - Wu Tang Clan
I'm about to go in the living room and unplug the tv. She wouldn't know what to do then. 👿 😂
Girls with long NATURAL hair >>>>>
Really wish Baylor would stop rocking those highlighter jerseys!!! It&#39;s driving me mad!
Winning by field goals, is hardly worth bragging about. #really!
But, what about the insurance corp itself? Seems like I could join State Farm through an independent agent. What's the diff?
U do got me there. +1 for Paul A. RT I know, those 140 characters makes it a bitch to use an "i" rather than a "y".
And by do stuff I mean cook and clean while Eric writes his thesis.
I just texted you did you....Did you get it Jenny?
I got so much to say, Don't even know how to say it.
We should refer to him as "Luc Baguette" in honor of Nic.
Least Surprising Headline Award goes to NYT for "Troubled History Emerges for Suspect in Oakland Shooting"
planning some awesome surprises :)
in this case they most certainly do!
I loved that rant on O&A about the hometown thing. Hilarious.
dude I heard about the show on Groupon, that was tonight?
Unconditional love is more of a spiritual thing. It’s not bound by physical things, like blood relations and the desire to procreate.
i was enchanted to meet youu. <3
carpe the diem ...seize the carp!!!
Cameron, NC <<<<<< Everywhere else in the US
Best part of the day: brownie sundae w/ bacon caramel. Close second: saw a real live mini pony on my run w/
Too close to get 666 followers. All hail Satan.
of course! See you at booth 340 for my free app? :-)
thanks for the info about kits. Great to have #nffc safe finally.
This guy ALMOST won a million dollars on who wants be a millionaire! BUT HE DIDNT
The strength of the heart comes from the soundness of the faith. Saudi Arabian Proverb
Happy friday the 13
Thanks for your support. We appreciate it!
is that true?
Thanks! RT : RE: recommendations for good gastropubs in
Kicked off by pay-as-you-go mobile phone teens who found their money went further with texting - the first tech freemium model?
Normal people: every day I'm shufflin... Simpsonizers: every day I'm simpsonizin.... ;D
Fixed middleware linking WorldCat to records in Mason's catalog. Suspect it's been broken since PHP 4.2!
There is still hope for the crown of England. The close race on the table continues with great anxiety & joy.
; #3WordsForYou - move on already.
you guys are in #BeastMode! Good Luck!
4 fingers, neat. Keep them coming.
RT RT : #HealthyMasculinities via ANON: No promiscuity double standards!
they have nothing else to do
Hey #NTTFaculty tweeters? Finals week, so limited time on Twitter. What am I missing?
ugh bored today is boring haha ima call angel back to see wat she's up to!?!?!?! :/
Cole never finishes!
Favorite part about Sundays? Is it a good thannng or bad thanng? :x
Bah, not well. Something came up so I had to stop for a bit. Should be good to start again. Will post when I do
First day of Autumn! What fall activities is everyone excited for?
Unlimited texts necessary for teen parents! RT : Teens send 60 texts a day (up from 50 in 2009), according to a new Pew study.
I miss talking to you guys too! I never use my Twitter anymore =,= I'm gonna start again though!!!
Just finished a 5 hour stint on a painting.
I know. Bo
that's awesome to hear! I'm sure it had something to do with their educator in addition to the art and subject, right? ;)
.. Didn't work! So I have no twitter mobile at the mobile:(..
A strong positive mental attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug.
New definition for Werid= GRAND
I had so much fun last night watching you perform at Six Flags. You really rocked Texas last night haha. =)
Last rehersal is tomorrow #eek!
6 tests on Saturday and a bike ride on Sunday. Or shooting range. Depends on how Saturday goes lol
Hey #Seattle friends, I don't think you've posted enough pictures of your cats looking at #snow yet
use this time to convince Ted to start tweeting ^_^
I sent him an email... Let's meet up...
Yes Katy Perrys song Part of me
I owe all my last tweets to sorry...but I mean if you still wanna hit me up that's cool too...😉 hahaha
And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom. ~Anais Nin
Doc Rivers: "I've never seen Ray Allen miss so many free throws in my life."
..Fine. I dont have like any mouse left though.. So it won't look that great. (; IF I'm even at school..
You have to imagine it possible before you can see something
Omg gorgeous out today!
You ROCK!!
#replacebandnameswithbacon ... wouldn't that mean all band names would be "Bacon"?
I thought the same thing. Twin sons of different mothers.... Hm... name that album.
I know right.. it's a blessing and an extra problem lol
C-A-T-S Cats Cats Cats!! Come and be a part of The Big Blue Nation..
been so busy working we hardly tweet !! big thank you to all the supporter's thats been sticking by our side !!! dv 2012 revamps (-:
WOMEN THINK THEY GOT ALL THE SENCE BUT LITTLE DO YALL NOW WE ARE 10 STEPS AHEAD EVERY TIME
Sneezed and fart at the same time.. :3
"The world’s most glamorous lecturer on art and high culture" (The New Yorker) graces the Menil this evening. Meet Rosamond Bernier at 7pm.
you just tried to play me on Twitter..smh...yes I can cook as much as I eat I live in the kitchen
G.O.O.D. Friday today?
Surely they're not writing about you Jeff.
Lexington plays South Aiken there on Saturday in game 1 of march to Lower State Championship. #goWildcats!
wow- that new rush song is really good!
And, FWIW, I trust Google MUCH more relative to FB
scuba t is enroute
RT : One of our lucky Green Mill followers will win a $10 Gift Card TODAY! Just RT this message to enter. Ready. Set. Go.
....if I pick it up, I'll be there right on time.
yea, the BRONX
I'm still embarrassed isabel told Trent
well I will be breathing with you tonight!
We have a winner! Good job Joe!
Coachella With Anyone else coming?
sorry, I stopped reading after I saw "geraldo".
happy birthday Nicolette!!!! Hope your day is amazing beautiful! <3 you deserve it #YOLO #yiiiiiii :D
Logging off for good.....</3
welcome back to Twitter!
consider that image copied to my library!
june is going to be a busy month.
will be spending all of Nuit Blanche at the Distillery - the entire place will be licensed and there are a $*!^ load of food trucks!
are you yes
RT : #Follow & RT for your chance to #win one of FIVE $15 discounts toward tickets! #TicketTuesday ends 11pm tonight!
Hooray! I wish I were at a pool!
What if she opts to go for a McCafe drink? Thats up to four dollars and worth much more in dollar menu. Do you shoot it down?
what game do you think would be the most likely upset in the NFL this weekend?
good morning colleen
yeah, i like to see what kind of bullshit he posts. it's pretty freaking sad.
Not such a bad Monday :)
They cheating
haha you right
When does that come out? I've been hearing lots of good things about. Need something good to play on my Vita!
I accidentally gave a convicted murderer, Walter Casper, my cell phone # once. Also stood in his house and talked to him. Ek!
No games on. Bored wit nutin to watch
your dad is doing a show at my church on August 5th and sonny is speaking! So stoked for that! It'd be cool if you came as well
I assume u can't read when u say ur just not book smart......
Always love reading your #golf tweets! Thank you for all your contributions to the game!
No #supermoon for Milwaukee, I guess. Stupid clouds.
I'll be rooting for the one and only on #Chopped ... He's the one!
It went great!
#FF stands for fondle Friday. Thanks TSA for starting my day off right. Still not as awkward a feeling as being a Knicks fan.
Celebrating the Award of Excellence Winners tonight! Congrats all!
duhh i already told you to come here!!
Matthew Rubery, U. of London, "Canned Literature: The Book after Edison's Phonograph," Mon. 2/27, 5 pm, Van Pelt Library, U Pennsylvania
wow what an error
Free Medicine Discounts - Savings up to 35% - CVS - LIPITOR -
I am also a junior curling champion in Alberta, Canada!
Such a great feeling when I finally finish a project
Any photos from this weekend? Share your flamenco pics!
great to see you, too! Have safe travels home!
they sure do the work! I always say - if you succeed it's yours and if you fall flat on your ass, it's yours too!!
Hopefully man im about to like do some work outs so ima hit you up lates man
Dont worry about how u look worry about how you feel inside. If you need it. You need it #YPsupport :)
Listening to you/McCabe I am at work. Wish I was at the studio. Back on course next Saturday. I heard today is your 39th B/DAY!
Ask questions! U prolly will get the real truth...
LMFAO HIS FACE IN YOUR PICTURE OMG. I CANT ITS TOO CUTE ITS LIKE A CABAGE PATCH LOLL
when was it announced?
waiting for you to come to Anacostia!
if to borrow is to take and not return, i have borrowed all my lonesome life
Did I eat today ? I'm starving right now, Damnn
panjot! I did
BUZZ, a young adult novel available in English but also in Chinese and in paperback or in any e-book format. SEE WHAT THE BIG DEAL IS.
An OZONE ACTION ALERT had been issued and is in effect until 4 p.m. tomorrow.
This AP class brings my confidence down -.-
This this class be over already...
It's Been A Long Time Since I Heard "Airplanes (feat. Hayley Williams) - B.o.B" It's A Great Song, I Love <3
I think its safe to say I have a crazy ex .
I'll equate it to politics. Obama doesn't deserve all the blame, but he also doesn't deserve all the credit.
Perfect award for twitter! The only science writing award that celebrates writing short!
Is mentally preparing for open water swimming by watching a marathon of River Monsters #Animal Planet.
Your other bro Kidd is on line 1 RT : Just talked to my big bro praying that he makes a full and speedy recovery!
thanks for stealing my thunder on the mountain passes! Just kidding!
Thx for the RT! We're now at 157 followers and counting! =)
Everytime I have a cherry, I feel the need to tie the stem into a knot in my mouth ;-)
Now Following Back
Join our Twitter Competition..The person who has most Retweets of will will win a signed ball from one of our legends
#marcfail is broader than issues that are MARC's fault in popular usage
Love it and only reasonable explanation
lol gotta see him with the silk shirt, sandals and plaid shorts on !!! That'll be funny
I'm watching hockey :P and aww!! Feel better!!
slidin to Tracy for a sec Wats poppin later ?
Looking forward to hearing about the result. Will be a #GreaterThanMoment!
lol look at your old school house phone...
Couldn't have said it better myself RT Great show last night and !
seen it
When U Catch Yourself Singing A Song That You're Suppose To Hate
9 field goals in 7 quarters between LSU and Alabama
The Pink Granny Panties of Courage
Woke up with a headache
I've been listening to #SAYSOMETHIN for 2 hours. Thanks for making such amazing music!!!! :)
ohh i havent either but 2 years later i met him and he lived with us so can we be tomboy sisters on twitter? :)
discussing eportfolio thinking with the ELAC New Faculty Institute
I'm trying to change the world, one life at a time...
Grand Opening 7997 W. Sahara Ave., #103 TODAY 10a-4p Show up and get 40% off HCG, Out of town 30% coupon code "grand" www.lasvegashcg.com
thanks Jeff!! My birthday was awesome. Always great when spending it with the family
It's so hot today! BUT idc! ^_^
The latest in a long line of Lockhart track stars is coming to ATX for the State Meet. We'll hear from UT signee Nate Jones on #Fox7 @ 5
Im crying
6 Weeks Until School Ends!! :)
SD! wins Best Screenplay at the Oaxaca Film Festival & Best Cinematography at Newport Int'l Film Festival!! Congratulations everyone!!
Resident Evil 5 should never have existed and instead we'd get Resident Evil 4 HD.
What does it mean when you dream your in an obstacle course?
We let our in house sketch up guru know and he'll tweet you back tonight
I wonder what bat Maysonet used for the grand slam. Didn't he break his bat on one of the pitches before he hit it?
Keep hacking away, my friend. There's not a good poet who hasn't gone through these spells a dozen times.
You like me out of all these people? And you're actually kind of cute? There must be something wrong with you...
timber wolves!
He argues that counterinsurgency tactics have created irredeemable cultural rifts between US and Afghan people. Only solution is to leave.
Sometimes as great as sleep sounds it just doesnt happen
Tnx 4 follow - meanwhile, & - may be an oped on Tebow in Sunday's paper; tnx for work & connections.
I love writing for ! Time to research my next article!
is shrimp in this car
so august? Okay.
had lunch plans. Bummed i missed it!
every girl ! I have to play 17s this weekend. I don't wanna and if I tell my dad that hes gonna get mad :(
maybe Larry David is taking in another Dodger game with Curb
Just saw ur tweet. Will be writing most of the day today -- after taking my morning walk, either in the rain or on treadmill
Happy New Year everyone!
This looks like it's going to be interesting. Glad to have jumped in the mix
"FREEZE FRAME" - Nick
and what's "facetime"? As u can see-i'm not up on things-LOL
I want a tattoo
attended many interesting sessions plus a great keynote speech on his first day at the Conference on World Affairs at CU, Boulder.
don't you go teasing us with a good time ...
Every Tues is #Acoustic #OpenMic Night @ Flora & Muse
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Lentil and Tortilla . Sugar-free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
You girls are hilarious. I want IN. Can I be a West Coast competitor in the challenge?!
I just got my new Zune HD today (switching from the iPod after many years) and love, love, love it!
ashley quit instigating👎
Come on Tribe! Never say die.
Good - obviously I'm watching it tonight: ": Avengers was great."
and I'm boarding! See you on the flip side!!
Peace to all my followers, don't follow me follow your heart follow God.
WATCH OUT I WILL SWAG ON YOU DUKS
i already follow you
Thanks for The Follow! (:
please if you ever notice me please follow
Damn. Irrelevant now. Haha.
(ITEM 334 tomorrow City Council 2pm) Attend if you support Earth Day ever being permitted again in this town.
Guilt tripping me won't make me forgive you.
rt: hey do not worry. You will be grand.
me too yay
I bet most don't break the rule. Second half of the rule explains how it can be a diphthong, but that gets forgotten.
that's actually one of he things my BC discussed. She wasn't as well developed as she should have been for 3 very long books.
I love reading comments on sites like Last.fm. There are people just now finding out about The White Stripes.
are you trying to steal my woman...? She'll do anything for frozen dessert...
Sometimes I want 2 go 2 corner and stab myself in my heart! Well in my mind I do! Though I just sing #skyscraper in my head, and im good!
yes pls do.
lol that's what I thought some squirrels were doing outside the school . Lol they weren't " fighting " ;)
Hm....thinking about throwing in these 0's...
I imagine monkey-wrangling is hard, but what about the dancers, as well as the landscape?
RE: Tchr partnerships w families and comm- Shouldn't it be the other way around? It was so in my daughter's school. Called: PTA
Cash flow! RT to - Remember the eternal words of : "You can't eat a $%^&ing hug."
I aint Jealous I Just Know When Shit Aint Right
Stuck in traffic on the LIE ..... It's 9:36pm!! I need my daily dose of Starbucks tea now!
Lol, that is true.. you'll now be watching my tweets to very closely won't you. Graduation ceremony is bout to be epic
Hey tell your mom to have a fabulous 18th birthday from
Baklava gives me chills
Where there is a will there is a way.
Oh man, I just looked that up and now I gotta try that.
#FF follow my evil sidekick
AWW Mr. Quigley! Too bad he didn't have nicer shoes...
Go Red Sox
Still time left! Donate in #GiveBIG via and sleep well. Just gave to (cc )
we should chat about it sometime. I searched for bing and results were useless b/c it was just people all issuing the same link.
[susan sontag] unsure if C were cancer or vitamin
Not playing da race card if troy Davis was white he still b alive
always a good time for Tribe
At Politic365 reception in DC listening to parents of #TrayvonMartin speak about justice for their son.
Happy 1st Day of Spring!!
Passed by a Harley dealership on the road from NY to DC. Thinking of you. Could have used Stacy in NYC this week ;)
the headline writers are paid in DickerBucks, redeemable throughout NY
Well, I guess I wanna work where my 289 followers work. Only 1 #reteeet on my punching someone at work tweet.
#idontlike when ppl wanna be other ppl getnya own shyt
Now watching Friday no Senses for me tonight just finna eat and pour up #peachcirco my favorite
CHEA's 2011 Annual Conference and International Seminar will be held January 24-27, 2011 at the Marriott Hotel Washington in Washington DC.
Lunch Break today Crab Cake Sub with fried onions, lettuces, tomato's, hot peppers, and old bay, french fries and side of cole slaw,
Really enjoyed the film. Congrats to everyone involved in the production.
for the follow
You may be correct on that. You're a mutualist?
Tweeted this earlier, but I'd say: Frazier, D.Thomas, Zeller, Burke & Paul. #Badgers Berggren/Evans & Mbakwe just miss
thanks for the RT AFF. Happy Mothers Day out to you!
remember when you first made your YouTube video with Robert? Well I do 💚 I will alway support you Alex (:
To hear somebody say it stops hurting or to hear somebody say she ain't worth it
So really...??? Mfs arguing over childish ass bullshit ehh, eeyyy okay thats fine,Imma put a end to it all
I preached this sermon to da world. over 5yrs ago. I have always addressed em as Summer Teams.
thanksgiving+free food= free loaders lol
nah she was a cunt-bitch cumdumpster
your from brazil right????
i think some certain youtubers need to grow up and stop talking shit about me on facebook. :)
Jay Maisel is a god.
So I guess I joined Twitter...
mondays are the worst.
Why Jon Huntsman is leaving the GOP (not because they’re Communists)
I have sent it already search my tweets
happy bday bro
Call me a dork but i'm fucking beastin at math right now . Hell yeah suckas. these people are idiots
1. A trend I've noticed recently in job app process: more requests for letters of reference and fewer phone calls.
hopefully we'll see your cool threads at on July 23rd.
Would you rather receive a romantic gift or a useful gift?
Gettin psyched for tonight!!!
": Me: "Is that necessary?" My Dude:"...Well, for me to reach my goal, yeah..." " (that's dirty) shhhhh!
Trying to find the better me
Its amazing how the loss of one young life touches the hearts of so many people
i really suck at reading aloud- apologies in advance to those attending the virtual book party ;)
#OOMF is CRAZY!!!
Tyra's the only one out of everyone I know, that's read it, that likes Will
brother, i hope all is well with you. Miss ya homie. Have a great last month of school & if u ever need anything, just hit me up
Is everyone ready for the weekend? What are your plans?
I had goat cheese, almonds and dates in my salad tonight and thought of you :-)
RT Well, I am partial to Red Fin's happy hours 4-6p & 10p - close <--:: laugh:: Okay, not Belltown, but I'll give you that 1. ;-)
We appreciate you! RT : I got 10 on it... --->RT : Looking at some of the footage from So excited!
Suiting up for this Saturdays Pewaukee River Run!
You rock. So happy for your success in business and life. Don't you dare pass through Oregon without looking me up!
I think that means you have a problem..might wanna get that checked out
How are you? Did you find anyone to shoot your product?
This inch of rain we're getting today would have made for a nice snow storm.
hella dumb didn't say my name right xD
Safely in Washington D.C. for Gov 2.0 Summit Wednesday and Thursday.
hey love! I thought it was good ... Not overwhelmingly great.
Thanks for the RT!
This week will forever be known as the one with all the unexpected meetings. Whether I'll accomplish anything I planned is yet to be seen.
Bearish here on Visa and Mastercard (MA) stocks. New limits on fees will hurt the companies near-term.
Whew! All this dust has me sneezing
Hope you all have a Happy New Year!
It's great! MT : Have I mentioned how much I love the online #Autism/ #Aspergers community? B/c I do. Thank you for existing.
Good morning ! Wishing a beauitful day! We hope to see you over the holiday weekend!
COI Kelly: Interpreting with audiences is engaging visitors throughout the entire interpretive process- planning, presenting +eval
Does a bear poop in the woods? Bring it. RT : Are you ready for saturday?
heart of a lion
Creating a cartoon crab for a beer label. What a fun gig!
#Warhammer40k Feast of Blades Practice event goin' on! Come down and see the CHAOS!
Nothin quite like after bar in the bar.
SPOTTED: Clay Matthews and Aaron Rodgers at Hilton Bayfront in San Diego. Clay is smokin! But go Chargers!
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they always worked for me. - The 5 Point
nope, but I don't like suspecting everything
so why are you tweeting???
"Enjoy 4 rich, melt-in-your-mouth pieces for a modest POINTS value of 2." Lisa Thomas, Senior Copywriter
Congrats! I just had one today to!!!!! :D
There's nothing like the sound of new strings!
RELATIONSHIPS DONT LAST BECAUSE KIDS ACT LIKE THERE GROWN UM BITCH WE SUPPOSE TO ARGUE
Celebrating Joy's BDay tonight! 29 years young  and still queen of the house
Really? RT In Mercer Co high schools foreign exchange students aren't allowed to graduate so they wont outshine local students
Happy Friday everyone!!!
Thanks for the follow Emily:)
Thanks for the shout out!
are you being punished?! ~PK
I only twitter for the cussing.
Watching shrek with kids
My mother listens almost as well as my kid does. I swear, man.
Shit could get weird, unless they all down.
Oh hell and yes, Joe Purdy is playing the Grog Shop. Day is officially made.
Don’t think too much. You’ll create a problem that wasn’t even there in the first place.
You really do say anything to tick people off...don't you!
This head ache <<<< OMG!
China factories to produce Nissan Infiniti models Japanese car giant Nissan Motors has announced it will be manufacturing two of its Infi
- solid producr, women love the chard and men love the reds They have wide consumer appeal.
Wine Fact of The Day(grape your brain) Barrels of wine per acre—13.5 Nicholas-
I'm on it!
Wind chills near zero...school delays too...kids may get an extended holiday...and how much snow could we get? Join us beginning at 5am!!
- all in timee... Thankss for the support J!
Matthew 5:9 Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called children of God.
My mom trying to get me to eat something I don't wanna eat. Foul! I just got into the h. Lolol
Could be super dope
fuck no I was like they need to speed up this process shit.
Lakers got this one in the bag
Just downloaded PPT and DOC for #au2011 class:Real Projects,Real Math by Hoping for a screencast. Awesome.
RT : Welcome to #s4pm tweetchat on what characteristics make an empowered patient? || #hcsm #epatients please join us
Peanut and tree nut allergies are our family's biggest challenges
I think it's a nice hash to pin on those psycho GOPig sociopaths
PRACTICE being a leader over your life & start with believing that you are valuable & have something of value to offer yourself and others.
I don't think there is enough "whitewash" in the country to hide all those War Crimes! We MUST Re-elect PBO
mother nature has cruel april fools jokes...snow...in spring?!?!
phew, thanks. I kind of felt lame.
I know :). Thanks for all the excellent thoughts. Really appreciate them.
U and I know I'm talking about you... The BOSS DIVA don't advertise names bitch! Lol.
Reason I miss the MW: When I look at the stars, I C possibility. Living in NYC, cant C stars so much... harder 2 reach 4 them!
So good!! I just finished #Mockingjay. Please tell me when you finish so we can discuss. Ha I will hold my tongue until then..
"God, help me to comfort others more than I am comforted, to understand more than I am understood, to love others more than I am loved."
Who the hell are you? Did I address you? No! Crawl back into the hole you came from!
Really REALLY can't wait for Sunday to get here so I can sleep!!!
uh we haven't decided yet lol kinda waiting to decide until Friday just in case lol
I'm ready to go back to sleep
Crazy man..that guy will never see the field
yeah for sure, oriakhi +bennett/jefferson+ that juco guard haha
I get a kick out of how pathetic people are.
Day 2 of the Baltimore Comicon come check out a life of science!!!! Feelin much better today I guess if u drink alot of nyquil it works
You can't imagine the immensely fuck I'm not giving
Can't sleep fml!!
Happy Bout Day!!!
Follow me on instagram
Any of my fashion-friendly journalist friends want to come to a men's fashion event in Chelsea Tuesday or Wednesday - just drop a note: cmu…
20% off grooming in May, includes facials, pawdicures, creative grooms, stencil designs & much more!
Foreigners too!
Isn't it great when you start to forget you actually work for a living? :)
#ABQ #Events: Apr 13 Fundraiser Shaken, Not Stirred Martini glass auction & party benefiting Lead w/ the Arts,...
You can only be attractive for so long you'll need intelligence to hold you over sweet heart
and again...wow.
Rams vs. Bengals at 1pm here in C-town. What a matchup!
Trust me, I know what I'm talking about :) Good luck!
woohoo! Glad the shoot was a success!
2012 Resolution...... Become fluent in gibberish ......nobody's called that one!
the Cubs have the largest following in MLB. Their fans are everywhere.
Diamonds are just chunks of coal that stuck to their jobs.
I miss you!
I think the #GrammyAwards should be postponed!!! This is just a situation in which the show just cant go on!!
Egoist is like a long time sitting in the well.
I'm not sure she even knows that's a thing it's possible to do.
Ok i will be fine (:
Work Hard, Play Hard! Culture of a company is key to success and a creative staff. Margo has it going on, fly high! (CC )
what u doing tomorrow bruh
Need a Mother's Day gift idea? How about tickets to Live at the Hollywood on May 12th?
wow RT A recent WSJ article declared that sales at Amazon increase 1% 4 every 100 milliseconds it shaves off download times
RT if the mentally disabled are some of the kindest, purest people you've ever met!
STOP SPAMMING. WE'RE GOING TO UNFOLLOW YOU IF YOU KEEP SPAMMING. -___-
good job. How did he react?
no matter how good a friend is they're going to hurt you every once in awhile and you must forgive them for that
Who's not hungover? This girl!
wants you to try their famous pastrami sandwich! We love ours with spicy mustard….Yum
Would UWWhitewater beat UWMadison? Guess I'll have to watch them tonight.
Does anyone actually call Boston Beantown anymore?
So funny to think that though we may never meet, we'll have this connection our whole lives.
WHAT. THE. HELL? I missed your chat yesterday; friend forwarded to me this AM.
The would-be #firstgen kids I see are told they must go to college - but given next-to-no info on how to make it happen. So. Frustrating.
happy bday Te'ON i love u son :)
RT : *For Adults Only* got your tickets to the "Exxotica Expo" at Miami Beach Convention Center May 18-20th
I speak to God directly, I know my God respects me, cause he let me breathe his air and he really blessed me.
How do you like me now? #whitesox are on a roll. Beating teams on the road. Dunn and Peavy doing what they do.
I still cant believe this
-smiles back at you-
Lmfao all bad, theres still a chance
Let the process begin! Typing up notes from the thus-far-untitled ensemble theater project. Then on to rough drafting and outlining.
that was me!!!! Lol
Loves when Mr. Anthony won't round my %89.62.
Finally home after long week filming 'For All That We Are'. Great crew and cast. Lots of laughs on set.
Hey, I've been meaning to ask, did I tell you about my novel?
my 2 year old nephew just rang bell 33 times. He must of sensed Hamilton crushing ball for number 18.
safe travels! :0)
GIRLS:Be honest with him something wrong? let him know
That teacher is ms Amy trenkle, and a very satisfied parent told me about her supper club program. so awesome. Experiencing teacher jealousy
Virtusa is hiring BPM experts. Opportunities across the nation from Hawaii to NJ for LSAs and SSAs. Please RT .
Justice for Trayvon Martin
How many grandmothers does Mitt Dinner have? Hint, 5.
Cute picture :)
Will you follow back please? :)
- most are purely for hygienic purposes. If I counted vanity products I'd be up around 30 ;)
>>>you were great as usual... and I were way n the back #crowded!
haven't heard yet. Let us know how it goes. Live tweet it! :) If you do a write-up we'll repost! RT : I'm going. Who else?
#TheAvengers was really good! I'm buying it when it comes out.
I stand with Walker....like reading u Tom!
im chilling i just want to know
first girl I've ever known to admit that
advice from my cousin dawn, one of the wisest people i know: "just be there".
also getting 5-8 pairs of cavs on saturday
So close on the first single being finished! Anyone want to hear it early? Check yes if you think it's so damn good - check no if yes.
Watching The 10 Commandments from start to finish.
Someone just asked me "Whats going on?".. I said "HAIL if i know"
what fan fiction
RT : 4th and forever is my show
Uhh your like 17 I'm good ?
Now I'm torn between pretending to like him so he doesn't burn my apartment down and telling him he's a grade A Jerkypants. Crazy racists.
I'm not sure though if that's just for the race or for the FC history. cc:
We offer in-home tutoring throughout the Atlanta area. We have found that individual, in-home tutoring maximizes both the convenience...
was looking sexy as always that's what!!!
YES. We will sign Walter. /cc:
Im great Happy New Year.... Do you have any resolutions?
This being the cowboys you never now when to cheer. I've been a fan for years and when they have the groove they all have it
Star wars day lolpawl < avengers
Will do Spence.
You're welcome! Happy Friday!
Dang, she told me she really wanted to see you, maybe y'all can catch each other tomorrow.
My flipmode squad is dangerous
get cho corny ass wish my Shit was fake
hanging with my friend Anna shes the best :)
Got my #Brewers 20-pack in the mail yesterday! Tix and this warm weather gettin me excited for #OpeningDay! what's the count?
3yr old boy safe after being left alone at a Wauwatosa McDonald's. RT Perhaps this shows the need for safe xchnge centers in WI?
"It's better to love someone who's far and craves to be with you than to love someone who's near yet doesn't even care to see you."
A boy makes YOU jealous of other women, but gentleman makes other women jealous of YOU.
So we came up with another Genius idea! Tonight.... We're playing a world premiere! The "Not Like This Alphabeset"!! (c)
That's no good. Sorry to hear :(
According to the hello kitty website, it's friendship appreciation week, love you
Here in Phoenix, we have real old-fashioned ice cream trucks that cruise the neighborhoods. It's pretty amazing. One came by today, even!
Got Stuff On Da Brain. In Deep Thinkin.
#asae11 We were so happy to have you here last night, it was a great time!!!
Thanks for the RT. Appreciate your sharing the word about us.
I hope they don't mind the comparison, but they have the vibe of a Southern Fallout Boy.
saw you speak then lost you...
this made me snort coffee through my nose. Um. Thank you?
But stating/publicizing that an updated EO is somehow a vast new power grab is irresponsible.
Does anyone feel there are benefits to technology and social media?
cheesy but I wanna hear ur voice hah
are you comin to explode tomorrow?
Q: How does Ariana calls the moment when she's replying most of her mentions? The Tweet ______. (Fill the blank space.)♡ (2pts for this one)
and I have to settle for being at the game in New York in two weeks
Today's Indy Boot Camps Classes are 100% dedicated to Dan Wheldon! What a hell of a Man, Father, Husband and Race Car Driver!!!!!!
what are you waiting for? We hope to see you soon!
No Braves, Phillies, Red Sox, or Yankees in the postseason. So what's the point of having a postseason?
Calling artists we want you and your skill. Year 2033 following 2 young assassin recruits in the HLM. Character and background development!
6 out of 10 consumers feel social media marketing is invasive! I bet they don't feel the same way about PRINT!
I don't believe that you are the real Bill Murray. Can you prove it?
Anybody have connections to ? Cause I really want to do a video for him
how big is the hail?
this is a woman...apparently Satan had 2 children
StarFest 2010 in Denver next weekend!!!! So excited!!!!
I can always turn to him...No Matter What
tryin ta hate on my jokes. When they stop getting retweeted 20 times each one then I'll stop
I had mine on Friday...
im new to this what does nfb mean ?¿
` i guess its good night for now, although i know i`ll be back
appears to be lack of training to me. social media reps are PR front line. didn't even know that caps are yelling? epic fail.
uh nah got plans;)
Movie "Don't Be Afraid of the Dark"...girls Teddy Bear has been seen in a lot of creep movies! Almost as evil as a clown doll!
You guys really should add at least 1 tour date in the Pacific Northwest. :'( Totally ignored #Seattle!
My baby brother is in Omaha with #Mizzou. So proud.
Gracias senor! Technically credit for that goes to Alliance Web Marketing :) I created the new Twitter background though!
Feeling doesn't stack up...
I neva got a follow back
Hi Dani, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Get yo ass back lmao RT : You have stretch marks??? Lemme see ??
Is that a Jackson Guitar?
It's the last day of class! I'll miss you, students, but I'm so thrilled to be able to devote my days to my textbook.
Missing someone is your heart's way of reminding you that you love them. ( i love you E.S )
I just want you, only you and always you! #why can't I have what I want?
watch fresh prince instead! Lol
Gotchu! Bring some money just in case I go hit the tattoo shop though.
"Look before you leap, for snakes amoung sweet flowers do creep". Just saw a snake in my garden.
National chocolate chip day! Almost as fabulous as National Nutella day...almost.
How many people know someone who has type 1 diabetes?
Dan brought home mr j's bagel bites and I ate them... All of them.
No beach,bikini & beer for me. Spring break will be spent in full #thesis-resurrection mode: Planning & plotting wk of
i tried to tell him-anywho something is wrong bye
Happy Thanksgiving #Canada! Wish I was there to enjoy some turkey!
Been saying this 4 a long time: "KFI must permanently remove John and Ken from the air. Los Angeles deserves better."
very much agree, its nice to see
ha about to say do I know u lol. But yea it's watev ig. And yea we should tlk
Why do I like watching Sister Wives so much?!
source? i'd love to read and learn more about the vegas ipad program...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHA I HAVE LIKE TEARS IN MY EYES.
So many adorable spring/summer clothing on Janie & Jack catching my eye. Trying to be good...trying to be good.
#Wooster #Scots win fourth-straight #NCAC tournament title. #Wittenberg and #Wabash choked down the stretch, but what else is new?
Any benefit for ordinary mlb fans to drop by the winter meetings?
I'm in Louisville right now and they talkin bout another shooting happened these boys trynna be the Murder Capitol
He just does not look like a William.
The HUSTLE is REAL!!
u too have a fun weekend love my
Thanks everyone for the encouragement because I forgot to mention I'm working until 9 tonight :( BLLLLAAARGH.
: It's not a fear of rejection, it's a fear of losing self-esteem. Solution: Get your esteem from within, not random strangers.
Haven't been tweeting lately. Too many hours spent crunching tax numbers...
It's great! // RT : I'm on the waiting list!
tweet dreams space cadets shizzy. going going gone!
Hi there Totango
Thank you for taking the time to come speak to us at last night!
I made this acount becouse i love Austin. ♥
Yay! Michael/Maria baby. I like that. Did Kyle and Izzy end up together?
You did great :)
#MyFavMichaelJacksonLyric has to be " Anne Are You Okay ?" lmao
When I Think of you! I always look at sky! So where I can zone out and its just me and you love!.
Us too! Our skin is anxious to try it :)
The Hobbit inevitably makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're filiming that into a film too.
Why is it raining so hard!!!!!??
ate the gummie worm I stapled to the board !!! Haha
We're in this month's Albuquerque Magazine - the Spotlight On feature. Also thrilling, Jenna Renee Frosch is now Assistant Editor- love her!
im not even home right now. :(( sadface
think i need ma wisdom teeth pulled..
love the video!
As well as the value of cover, suppressive fire and, oh yes, the Stanislavsky method.
just stay on this one I just got really confused but yeah and wow just wow smh
Tech laugh du jour: Director Margarett Perry "I need a little sexy sexy here" - husband/actor Brian Dykstra - cue strip tease
I can't wait until I'm 18 only two more years.
Failing-->“: Being a good writer is 3% talent, 97% not being distracted by the internet. CYRUS FARIVAR"
6 inches long
gotta get you a blowout boss.
if it was an act of god, it proved God is a fan ;)
Good Morning! Give someone a reason to smile today. Live kind!
There is a "Me" in team though.
Eric Tobin of Hopeless Records said: Data can be overwhelming: i make most of my money trying to b clever.
Now we need to work on RT Screw it... I'm a believer
never fails 2 deeply disappoint, frustrate & anger their customers. It is sad that #Jamaicans are better served by
Just bumped into Matthew Broderick on West 4th Street with a sort of 1930s Italian choreographer's mustache and excellent posture
This is why I don't ask questions.
I just invent, then wait until man comes around to needing what I've invented. R. Buckminster Fuller
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness - Proverb
Carolyn Shamis you will be remembered as a true beauty and success story.
i love when i realize my friend hacks my twitter and tweets about taking a shit.
True self control: passing up a starbucks ham and cheese sandwich
Aw that's cute. What ya get her? Don't remember much except Quinn, idk. Thanks again. :) PT test & derby Sat, nada Sun. You?
oh watch out! Lol
When you wake up you have two choices, It’s either you sleep again and continue to dream or Stand up and make your dreams real.
Denial ain't just a river in egypt.
haha oh gotcha
I want to go bowling!
Lord Grant Me The Serenity To Accept The Things I Cannot Change & The Courage To Change The Things I Can
Thx. Waiting to hear back from my web guy. He usually fixes this before I ever notice... : )
You guys are killer! Keep it up!!
Heck yeah!! From Insanity to the X!! Such a great program.
Loved photos of Columbia Protecting Science & Industry. Who protects the art? Immersed in "Age of Wonder" Thanks!
How do you say ed sheeran? I always feel like I'm saying it wrong and I never know..
love your new pic!!!
Dear Maine. Epic Fail.
I'm coming westest week as well.
So i was creepin' and I saw this and I must say that's easily the most underrated song on that record.
can't wait till tomorrow and I'm Sugarland Bound to Pikeville. Be sure you look for the Sugarmoblie.
RT : Need Hope? Look into a Child’s Eyes.
oh no! Then what should we use for cleaning brick, and treating wood for termite protection?
PLEASE SUPPORT TOBY RYAN FOR AUSTIN CITY COUNCIL and make sure to register to vote if you aren't, cuz time is running out!
Bye!!!! Those are your cousins. Please let them know that being ratchet in public places does not mean that they're tough.
got his ALA registration fixed and is going to see the Psychodelic Furs tonight
I just finished Fifty Shades Darker. Shall we #bookclub it over wine soon?
Well, THAT was weird LOL!!!
Ole Miss looks like they r wearing practice jerseys.
We Should Trend #TurnToYou for (:
I know this to be true.
Which game you going to? I work the FS South games Sunday through Thursday. Let me know when you'll be there!
RFT #Libra can forever play the "smiley-face" game and pretend everything is fine and beautiful.
Keynote from Omamofe Boyo of happening now at #CUAEF!
Congrats to on their new online look.
Fished with Matt this weekend, saw the in-laws, saw the folks and is glad Sage is back-- school starts tomorrow!
But for real someone bring me taco bell
: Rumors and Gossip are small things to GIANTS. Fly Pass.
Thanks for participating Marc!!
oh, yes. I can attest to that.
Do you have your presentation today at #DevLearn?
Looking at old school amplifiers.
pilates ✓. thanks for the push.
We do need to give ourselves that permission, , and we can't wait for others to grant it to us.
thank you for the RT:)
the royals bet not lose to the cubs i promise if they do ima go on strike
I'm bored
Today is the big day if you want to win a prize from NABJ tune into twitter at 8:30p.m.
My co-worker spoke to BLS this morning.
I think it was a pretty successful night
Pressure's on! You won't be disappointed RT I think this will be even better than last yrs. Psyched.
Wow going through the people that I follow! What an amazing group you are!
So excited - my Rose bag is set to arrive on Monday! Cannot wait to put my new Nikon D70S inside :):):)
Follow the members! and
: So far me and , but as folks show interest we can definitely arrange rides!
The cause cannot always be the company; instead, it must also be manager's pursuit of their own values within the company.
I love
go follow (:
RT : Blake: Tune in! is talking w/ his daughter/speaker the rest of the hr. on surviving college...
Cassadaga got us! You gotta believe!
Tough to beat Coors Original Banquet Beer when it is on draft.
Track more than your child, track your husband/wife. #MT90, the latest technology in Personal GPS tracking.
S/O 2 MY #NF thanks for support by following
A man cannot directly choose his circumstances, but he can choose his
No worries! I have all of Tony's Voice tunes (and other great tunes)... I'll bring them with me. =)
Holy crap!! I am at Tucson Mall right now, I think I'm going to head over there.
Tired as hell! My nose feels broke
Jus hit me that ireally dyed my hair Jet Black! Lol gotta get use to it.
When attending your first rodeo, it is generally best to keep your vast knowledge of rodeos to yourself.
I am talking about affordable housing and the homelessness services budget for next year, which will remain the same as it is this year.
any update on ur touchpad purchases?
I just Dm you ok
#iaintnoquitter r u playin it yet?
If I love ya, ain no question I'll give my last!
RT : It's almost bikini season boyz help me out RT : You burn 26 calories in a one minute kiss.
Cool! I saw the ARC GIVEAWAY going on. I think I'll comment and apply. :)
thank you for the love! I'm a little late with response, but much appreciated!
So scattered brain right now. Going to be a different kind of weekend.
I like your name guys haha
Still my guitar gently weeps slightly out of tune
Chapter 2 in 's #procurement story is about learning the most from its greatest critics.
my point AGAIN being I have no problem with Hester as a #4 or #5 WR! But Zaidman/Pompei saying he's starter
OF COURSE THEY WILL!
Sorry to b ignorant and an old hag that can't see... who's that?
your skillet head ass bomb tree stomp head ass bomb your roller blade dick face ahh your sewage tank breath smellin ah bomb
Ha! RT : Hey what do u call a fake noodle? An Impasta
heck no I dont!!! Lets Go Peay!!!
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds
Can I be your 8k shout out?!?
Only because you look so rugged and manly.. Just surprised ;)
I love love that picture of you two!
Off to da city. Haven't been their since october. Eheh :)
Club Sirius tonight downtown SA! 228 Lasoya St. I'll be live in the video mix all night! No cover 21+ welcome!!
new word: acelmerate. merge while one acclerates. because for some reason "Merge" does not convey the need to accelerate, for one to merge.
“: Hello you guys!” What up!
": happy birthday to my boyfran !!!!!!!! lovez ya" Love you too Kelbi!!!!!
Thanks for signing up "Uncle Musket's Touchy Mustache Rides" for Summer Kickball.
Uninsured industry professionals do you know about #MPTF Bridge To Health ?
Shouldn't that be the case for the "desktop" web too?
He's fine! :) He works very much so he doesn't have so much time for me..But I still have Ryan! Hahaha
Easiest 3 steps to gain :1) follow ) follow me, 3) RT this
Thoughts 5- The Wave was attempted in the 6th, I didnt participate. Notice in Wisconsin the wave is an "arms only" ordeal. Go figure.
No love for at the nose?!? Most underrated player in the league! Hope he gets paid in the off-season.
The 4 Agreements -Be impeccable with your word,Don't take anything personally,Don't make assumptions,Always do your best / Don Miguel Ruiz
thanks for the follow of Check out our fun videos of kids biking indoors on our 123GoTV. Just covered on NBC News
great opener for
how many to go?
cool enjoy :)
True dat I hate cleaning up my room but at the same time I have to claen up at work.
Completely agree!!
Hey, hon! We're a producing company, I'd like to invite you to follow our page!
I have a great idea for a pizza.... pulled duck with green onion on a smokey bbq sauce, thoughts?
Coal bin, vacuum cleaner outlets detailed on Reynolda blueprints, on view for
Off to Royal/T to see what I can see. Austin Young, Squeaky Blonde, Meg Wolfe, Terence McFarland and many doughnuts.
welcome back to swimming :))
Joseph Joubert: Imagination is the eye of the soul.
I'm little..and white...
only one on the 21st the other three is either on Wednesday or Friday. I will keep you posted. You work nights?
Alone like I said .....tired of this ugh
Happy to say that I should be at #pintsandpols Sunday.
I guess it's some elliot with one t that's making breakfast for yall
Haha someone just threw me a piece of candy wow what a dumbfuck XD
RT : The #ReStore, sponsored by #Habitat is always looking for donations! Drop by anytime with old appliances, furniture, or...
4Blondes: 65% of speech is in the body..."lovers" speech can often be 100% body language...y-owe-zers! So D for talking and A for knocking!
The Seahawks top receiver is ranked 108 in receptions. That means, on avg, each of the other 31 #NFL teams have 3.5 players w/ more catches.
your very welcome :)
In-laws (aka babysitter once a wk) announced their 3 mo (or longer) trip to Korea, starting in 9 days. Activating contingency plan today!
what are the hairstyle you expect to see most on the red carpet this year?
Life is like an ever-shifting kaleidoscope - a slight change, and all patterns alter. -Sharon Salzberg
Yes! tho I was spoiled moving to Philly when TG our local treasure, not yet nati'l & Fresh Air on for 2 hrs/day.
IT'S A BUSY WEEK IN FASHION - MB Fashion Week starts 9/8 & Fashion's Night Out - 9/8!! #FNO #MBFW www.mbfashionweek.com for all the latest
Show tonight! 9pm - 4 bands, Crooked at 11pm and e.company follows...been looking forward to this one for a while!
. for LA incubators, try , started by
It smells like worms outside.
Even the healthy need reflexology: Waste products are formed in the body due to muscular activity, processed food, alcohol, smoking, etc.
At The End Of The Day Everybody By They Self
Ricky Smiley got problems
Love heals offenses, softens hearts, and restores people. Love never fails.
I got home at like 2:49 and I'm tirrrrrreed.
"Only yesterday was the time of our lives"-Adele. Life is short...have your camera handy for those moments in time.
Haha. Thats not all for what I would do to my Nubian BBW queen. If can become a yes ;)
Mike Brown. . .really #lakers?
What nonsense from the NFL.
I like the view from here I'm so high I can't see you from here
I have a bad habit of not putting clothes away and tossing them on my floor. My apartment is very clean, my room.. not so much
my mom won't let me do anything this weekend /:
I wonder what Matt Smith is doing right now
I'm really glad that I'm best friends with the biggest bitches I know, I'd hate to be the people we talk about.
You guys are the best <3
Had some difficulty uploading video, had to make a new one, Go to youtube and search Karissa Lynn Kings of Leon cover.
Thanks! I'm playing again today from 7 - 11 PM
Ew it smells like a furniture store.
Funny how you think this drama affects me haha u dont see me sittin in a corner cryin no im the mature one bein me and movin on
Thank you! I appreciate your trust.
Today's lesson: Can't dance to iTunes music with iPhone in hand. I shake, it shuffles.
meanwhile, harvard put up a strong 23 points in the first half against vanderbilt
There is nothing more fun and self-fulfilling then to be able to play the piano and entertain the people around you. (cont.)
both!! Helps because the artists has access to millions of ppl. hurts cause the market is now flooded!!
I'll see you on tv tonight killing it & I'll see your beautiful face tonight to <3
It's okay baby cakes....tonight I'm making brownies! 😂😉
RT hey everyone should check out this webinar this afternoon PM EST www.valueofprint.com
I am very humbled by how much God has blessed me with...from the biggest of things to the littlest of things.
just put "It's not the size of the bird that matters." into a failure report
Man those Canadian NHL teams must be so proud. They are all home- while teams like Phoenix & Nashville battle it out.
#somday will follow me. never say never
lmaoo! this baby just farted! &it wasnt like a non audible baby fart it was a full out loud as fudge adult fart! thats nasty..
thank you sir!
Project pecs
a rut
Now partnered with Butler Tech Police Institute. www.policemountainbiketraining.com
it all good sugar britches!! as long as your not out offering people bible passages
It’s great not having to rely on travel agents to find the best deals for flight tickets, as one had do 15 or 20 years ago
Could ask you a question & could I ask for a follow?
He can sing tho
haha ya I am... Well Vegas, Monroe, Portland, Sonoma, Roseville, & Phoenix at least! Maybe Albequerque!?!
Early bird.
uhoh theBOB is vacuuming must be something the hound did
Learning, Studying,Listening, Mind-Set, Happiness, Decision-Making Skills Will Keep You On Track And Sucessful Through Out Your Life.
10 points behind spurs that's just whack arsene!
I like this sayin!
Congratulations to Dominick Kendraw....Currently enjoying his FREE two day scooter rental thanks to winning our January question contest!
Thanks to Conan McKegg for supporting Gone! Your perk is prepped to go! :)
FOLLOW MY PAGE... I WANT TO REACH 1000 FOLLOWERS!!! FOLLOW MY PAGE,, FOLLOW MY PAGE.. MISS ALEXIS TODD ON TWITTER
We will need fake under-21 IDs. And courage. Are you in???
RT : Still trying to figure out why Boston tanked this game. No game yesterday, 2 days off, and just punted 1st round home...
Mine too they are with us even though we cannot see them. Happy Mothers Day to pet Moms
Day 19 of my 19 day work week. glory glory hallelujah! only 8 more hours to go! then a ...... WEEEEEKEEEENDDDD!
I promise i'll get some soon! Just to make you happy.
I hate when players try to draw fouls at the end of qtrs. They rarely work
Picking up the boy-pilot at the airport. Still doesn't have his driver's license. He's late! Prob playing with his b-day present (pictured).
lol. Pro tip: the as-is section down by the register is epic.. Sometimes.
s beard kills 99.1% of germs. The other .1% is submitted to cleaning and grooming his
Your tweets are the best I love them.
Thank you to and for the wonderful baked treat yesterday. It was delicious!
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health. Henry David Thoreau
Timothy #123 in '11 RT Tim or Tebow were not in the top 1000 baby names in the US in 2011. Tim was last in the top 1000 in '85
Happy Cheesecake Day! Come celebrate America's love for this palatable pleasure at Priory Fine Pastries, where #welovecheesecake !
DC's 10 Most Powerful Women - DC Startup Community by
11:11 IS AN AMAZING SONG!!!EVERYONE SHOULD BUY IT ON ITUNES!! #Buy1111!!!!<3
Sometimes, when we can't understand, it is easy to rebel from what we know is truth....But it is EASIER to draw nearer to it, and accept...
Ok people we may have a problem. Where did Happy Endings go??!!
Happy Tuesday to all
HAHA but really Susan is a saint #shush RT I don't know who's a worse driver Danica Patrick, or mom
Twitter is lame right now . :/
Buying phone covers is always a good time.
"Experts" eat crow RT : What's the biggest storyline from the NFL playoffs the last 2 days you'll be talking about tomorrow?
Happy Labor Day!
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet wow i love these guys
I'm tryna figure out y JaNasia takin all day 2 take 8 braids out of her head, she wonder y I call her grannie mae,lol!!! She is SLOOWWWW!!
"Hello. I would like to do a pool party... at a mansion... for celebrities. Is your museum available?" — gentleman on the phone. Good idea!
How do you like your eggs prepared, ?
This webinar will share techniques for marketing more efficiently and effectively, particularly on a tight budget
i loved it. is it coming out on itunes?
Boy I swear women is something else! I love them tho!
well find out and let me know !!
You do the same to me
Looking forward to the finished product of
Sluts make me giggle ☺
Who u keep in it RT : Is it the smaller you circle is the less drama or is who you keep in your cirlce...think about it
You're the one who's been missing out on my brilliant tweets.
Why are you such a whore?!
And he did, too!!!
4am and I'm on my way to JFK. Next stop Honolulu and my new home. So excited!
I have 4 simple goals for my trip to India (this time):
I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head. - Kurt Cobain
Haha I've seen this on the news a few days ago! I once though about the same thing to my house!
love you both!
We r at the beginning of the evolution of change in the medicine, sport, & fitness industries. Embrace it! In data we trust!
There's nothing less rewarding than finishing video games, and nothing more rewarding than finishing your own art projects. All in one day
My comment stands!
Miami is my furture home
Woo Hooo - we made it to 2500 followers Thx to all our #followers WE #followback!
Nikoo cant reply to EVERYBODY,
": You thought United fans were annoying before?"
That awkward moment when you catch your self checking out your gay exboyfriend -___-
LoL. Or punching and kicking trees.
Hello!!! It's been too long since I saw the both of you (Patricia, it's me, Kathy Harris)
I am a twitter stalker following over 100 in the field. I hope to contribute nearly as much as those I follow some day
Dear world: Palestine is not spelled I-S-R-A-E-L. Thanks.
Most People wait until the perfect time to do something great. I learned from a mentor that... Perfection = Procrastination.~Aaron Rashkin
Must have starters in.
Whats next? Gotta love life. lol
podcast experience. Waiver wires segment.
Move over Slap Shot...Goon is hilarious! Grab a Sleaman Clear and enjoy, #eh?
We are mirrors whose brightness, if we are bright, is wholly derived from the light that shines upon us. ~C.S. Lewis
I know! You were so right!
i really need to know why ppl take kola boof seriously--she is absolutely insane. i've never seen anyone more ready for a straightjacket
Thanks to #Rebelles and Jessie Cunningham for naming the Mile-High Club mascot!
Happy St. Patrick's Day from Robb Long Imaging ;) Enjoy some Green Beer today!!!!!!!
just thought I'd let you know
Thanks to hubs for picking awesome hamburger buns! Thx for the tweet too Jennifer-C U soon!
Who needs enemies...?
and i'm not talking about that breaking up bullshit. i'm talking about what you literally did to me.
Family dinner night! :) I hope marinating steaks for 10 hours is a good thing...
Means You Know RT : What does tu sabes mean.
Vegan Meat: for when you hate eating animals, but not enough to actually sacrifice things in your life
Friday flashback jam: Billy Bragg - "Sexuality"
I knew a girl in my school that starved herself. She didn't eat for like a week. All she drank was water and eat crackers.
ucch. I love your life!
LOL it does sound wrong. Well Congrats on the new phone!!!
try #coworking = awesome + options depending on your preferences: cc
Wow. I haven't seen someone legitimately rock a fanny pack since the 90's. I think I might try to bring them back.
My brothers username is @ bradsTOF . GO TELL HIM IM A NICE PERSON AND I DONT RUIN EVERYTHING(:
#loex2012 "We can only read text if it is housed within a social practice that gives it meaning"
I hate WSVN.
#BOYFRIENDmusicvideo OMFG. MY OVARIES ARE GONE. I LOVE YOU
thats church for ppl here. The south <<<< choppa suits too
doing great getting ready for a wonderful family thanksgiving. Hope you and your family have a great thanksgiving.
Team work it's all about team work
HSPE killed my brain lol glad its over
You may think I'm a loser, but to my goldfish I am "THE GOD OF FLAKES."
Busy already after 9 mins of being open....
Thank u to all for your kind words today.
Dear Customer Service: First of all you should know that I’m typing this with my middle finger.
I got a thing for #oomf -__-
Good morning all!!.. Have a great good Friday!!
why am I awake this early, and I don't have school or work...
Thoughts? RT : Looks like Stewart Downing has got his 1st assist of the season. Getting Kenny Dalglish the sack.
Today 1953:Milwaukee Braves make their official debut at the newly built County Stadium, beating the St. Louis Cardinals 3-2 in 10 innings.
Kiss me im contagious :)
I love them dontjudgeme but i only go to ones OT RT : I never been to a strip club I wanna go
Haha I know. I've never done a "that guy" tweet until today. And right, I forgot that you must smell of rainbows and sunshine.
The first printed reference to Christmas trees appeared in Germany in 1531.
Wow! I haven't seen a face blow up my #fb feed like #kony has since 's mug was all over it! Great work
Agreed - great article. Chart is spot on. But what can millenials do to get senior staff to see the bigger picture?
"I have amazing friends" is such an understatement.
omg...u have a twitter..
Apparently my facebook post from earlier today is why the #Brewers are losing. Sorry guys.
RT Is anybody else paying attention to Metta World Peace's tweets right now? > no way that dude is not on something strong
lol I'm glad you had a good one :)
The Milwaukee Bulls
if it wasn't for that ugly douchebag bouncer. If I ever see him again I'll give him a piece of my mind.
Terrific! I have another one tomorrow!
One thing that I admire is how natural the character actions are--nothing seems forced, yet there's a strong story.
So u would agree that people shld never get angry when racially slurred
Update: she's a vicuña, not a llama. She's very friendly and runs when she's honked at or called and expects treats!
It's like everyone thinks and I are 17
The good thing about a long megabus line: got through reading the last 24 hours of my twitter feed.
#FatherGod May your #light shine brightly within us, that all be inspired to seek you, in #Jesus name. amen, amen, amen!
OSX Lion is awesome! Totally love it
What's the price?
I had the same problem yesterday! Something must be going around ;)
Discussing the rhetoric about planking and tiebowing... I love my major!
I don't love everybody . I just love those who love me .
Can this day be over already
thank u and i wont tease u no more tonite
great campaign, but a bit sad, no? one of the greatest living designers working for diet coke.
Where are you going? To the casino. I thought they were only in las Vegas lmaoo
Pinewood Derby time!
you told me all this stuff but I'm confused when I read your tweets I think your beautiful and cool to be with but idk Wat to do
Driving around the district blasting de la soul on this gorgeous spring day.
i remember when in science we would sing baby making music to each other and make sentences Anissa and Matt would laugh so hard at us.
take me to wright today I'll give you a present Friday 😁
Smart Irrigation Tip: Is it time for an irrigation check up? Inspect your system monthly for leaks, broken or clogged sprinkler heads, and …
Thanks for following me. Looking forward to get some designs for digitizing or vector art from your side. Thanks, FRANK
thanks for attending!
darkening already! Anyone else feeling like putting the sun on a leash and making it stay up longer?
" Your stupid words dont even phase me, so talk it up bitch go fucking crazy."
definitely with reckless abandon!
Christ is the only way! Trust in him before it's too late! He loves you
If you don't work you won't eat... plain an simple
Ok, back to play-time! ^_^
<<<<<< his chick bhad his chick hood his chick bouta to get t'f booked!!!
Libraries indicate knowledge values of society.
ugh not funny still
RT N now those bots selling exercise/diet stuff will try to follow me. S***. lol.
You and me both! Worst day for traffic accidents is the Monday after DST!
thanks Adam!
#tmithursday One thing I can say in praise of my cycle: it has some good timing.
No more NewMSI? I guess we aren't really "new" anymore.
Ain't no rushing, when it comes to sexing
Loving your website and the little talky guy. Too cute.
Welcome, Ms. Mayor. : )
whens the next contest?? totally forgot about this one... Plz tell me whens the next contest
I know. :P
Somethings gotta' give...
DUKES of Dixieland "When Country meets Dixie" album is coming. Oak Ridge boys, Lathan Moore, Wesley Probst. KC arrangements. a hoot!!
thanks for the shout out!
I believe DA asked her to declare law had not been published, but she declined to rule, saying she wants to hear more testimony/args.
I will.
HaHa and I have to wait to see it online...
What is the CTA media program focus? Use inform policy process, improve farmers practices, and promote image of agric
My mon said Carlos is way to intelligent for his age lol
Work got cancelled which means I could of gone to the eop dinner ... 😳
I totally hit report spam on you. So you got blocked/removed. Hah!
All you have to say is Hairbangers Ball and Nat's in. See you at
Way to Go! RT : B&N, & You are STARS in our eyes. With your support, 615 local kids have brighter futures
Episode 2 of airs this Wednesday!!! Don't miss my guest appearance as Rosie & the VERY talented Angie Light as my girlfriend!
I need a job doe!
2stay @ home and not vote is a slap in the face of Fannie Lou & the 3 college students slain & all who died including Christ
Poor Megan: the Bettification begins!
i miss my granny!
Time to get ready for church(: then going to the beach & having a bbq with the family(: Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers (: Love You Mom
oh hey sweet threads
Just joined an acting casting company to do some background work. Should be interesting.
would love to be part of it! let me know where to send an email or I am happy to go through online process, let me know!
So excited to experience my very dear friend & one of the most special chefs I know, 's, new concept tonight. Love you boo.
#money wont solve all your issues but it sure makes the ride a lot easier.....
In this part of town you don't get away with something like this without having to answer where YOU from?
finally off! Made bacon,eggs,& french toast for breakfast. Couldn't be that tired or just glad to be home. Time to get some rest...
so we are super stoked to finish our acoustic ep next month : ).
you wish I was a slut
So excited for some on #glee!
3/4 tracks done and liking what I have so far.
My dream would be twitting me something cute:3
You should of told me!! I was done a little bit after you. Your mom was worried. Haha.
What do you fix your kids for breakfast?
Lakers or Nuggets?
Without trust, words become the hollow sound of a wooden gong. With trust, words become life itself.
that's what that gotye video reminded me of - this beck album cover.
Jesus told the disciples He was leaving them His 'joy', which shows He probably kept a good mood. Is your Jesus always angry?
yes, perfect!
Don't rain on my parade!
Anyone knows a certified Roofer? please call Tea Pot Lounge @ 303-656-9697
RIP Andy Rooney. Mad respect to a great journalist.
hah yeah, it WAS Friday when I posted that =)
my sister said my boobs feel like water balloons..now i cant stop touching them for confirmation #SMH boredom its so sad :(
Agree! Thanks, Lolly! RT : Trust is knowing that is always going to lead a great chat!
That is just awful! You can never replace memories like that. Hopefully you took phenomenal photos?
My local NPR station informed me that there were DONKS at the capitol building yesterday!HOW COULD YOU LET ME MISS THEM? I LOVE DONKS!
I was just typing your name into the FA program and accidentally wrote "Jeffrey McClurkey" cc:
RT : RT : where the Hell have you been?
Following the USA scrum, Malifa's clearance failed to find touch. Japan nearly scores by knocks on just before the try line
everyhitng you do makes me wanna kill you becasue your such a FAKE (in the bad way) HYPOCRITE
Coaches if you are looking for a kicker Tommy Openshaw is guy you need 6'2" kicker from Jacksonville FLA come join today and see his tape
if schools wanted to teach bike safety, they'd first need money to purchase bikes.
Worst excuse for not turning in homework: I couldn't find anyone to copy it from
Today's Soups: Cheezy Broccoli & Navy Bean with Ham
Thank you, if you'd like, send info to Stay tuned, we have some exciting new changes for 2012!
Respect my Gangster. Man I forgot how funny this movie is
Today One Of Dem Dayz.. Monday -_-
That is too cute! Yeah kitties!
Is it dumb to learn spanish for almost a decade and then drop it for chinese just b.c i have the plague? The pay in Latin america sux too..
Looking at apartments!
Great meeting you man! N.O. is a crazy place. Call you this week about scheduling.
My nomination for the Top Phrases of the First Week of 2011 List: incendiary device
#Learn The #Bully, The #Bullied students and the By-Stander. Most students do NOT want to be By-Standers, but how?
Spent all day listening to an elementary teacher tell me how to teach vocabulary. I am a foreign language teacher. I rest my case.
If u build a new sch and DON'T take adv of opp to accelerate improvement thru #PBL, #elearning & #edtech u r wasting opportunity!
Eastern Michigan University was the worst school that I had ever attended this decade.
If someone seeks advice, give them direction, not correction. Do not force your opinions on others. Steer them to make their owns decisions.
Scavenger Hunt!
Shout to @ deebaby86
Spirit of Amendmt 2 “ This is a disgrace to the entire state of Colorado #coleg”
When you hit every red light home <
Heading out soon to the Mirage to register for Digital World Expo! Kickoff party at 6:30, see you there!
Clearly. “: Rondo tripped on someone's foot there...”
lol it's horrible!! I wish I knew it, yes, but regardless it makes me want to cry.
Champion Announces New Racing Products for High Horsepower Racing Engines
you're so awesome
We don't need better social media strategies...we need better management. We don't do management well. #ihrim keynote
Brighten your day. Come check-in on Facebook at Fife Flowers and Gifts for your free rose!
Looking 4 human capital consultants 2 join team Fed competency mgmt exp is +. Lots of great projects! DM me
Oh my gosh I soo agree on that one!
Sherlock is awesome! Was able to meet some of the behind the scenes folks for it while in Cardiff.
All about the L today - National Lipstick day and National Lasagna Day. M on both
Hope u recovering well brotha. I know how it feels. I know nothing is gonna keep u down though.
Happy Birthday to me!!!!!! :D
See you guys soon :-)
I made that up.
soon people are gonna be saying
how is everyone feeling
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Spending this perfect Easter Sunday finally seeing The Hunger Games. Kids killing each other for sport? The perfect Easter entertainment!
What would you like to learn from DR? Connect | Learn | Succeed
Life may bring us down but never to the fullest cause as soon as I recover I'm back at it like nothing never effected me.
Thanks for the recommendation. Have a great weekend.
I love sake!!!!!!! Woo sushi
I hope my house can be as nice as theirs some day...
o girl yew friskay
Not really liking the new Google Reader, in looks or function.
What would you do if you won the #MEGAMILLIONS ?
Oh my god, I was going to go, now that is there. I'm absolutely going now! #Woo !
don't do it ! Lol plz Don't haha....
sex in the lounge (;
Day 2! RT : Starting the new year off right -- PRO partners meeting in CA w/ and Exciting 2012!
“: Ommgggg just followed me 😱😍 #bffsagain” lol and you followed me back! 😉👍
#WorstRapLineEver harlem world we got gatas, not dead i said they alive lions tigers bears ohh my - camron smh
Book reveals how a Scottish snail changed the law
: "When #women feel more self-confident, it can change the course of her life and perhaps the course of life."
Missed you!!!<3
apparently thinks Obama does every job in his admin all by himself
Lol suck a mean one I'm hella weak !!
#itgrindsmygears When youu dont follow me or notice me:( but i never say never<3
So the details being confidential quote is from Doherty, not Uthoff.
Thanks for having a look! :)
AGREED - where's the ladies?
Only six more days until the SCT Movement Workshop!
so tomorrow? Lmao
Guns, razors, knifes!! RT : FUCK WITH ME!
when you were my friend .. :(
I find u!!! Hehe! Lol how ya been stranger!?
Niggas know I'm sick.. I don't spit I vomit, got it
Up early getting my daily dose
Even though I haven't seen the movie, I can see The Avengers taking the crown for best "popcorn" movie.
thanks. Minus 10lbs since the first of #2012 .
#Tips: Remove draperies, #pictures, mirrors, area rugs, hardware (if possible), and switch and receptacle cover plates before
I know I'm not the one she wana go wit lol.. Never C !
thanks :) you rock!
I wish summer would get pregnant so we'd have 9 months off. :]
I can't drive 55. First speeding ticket ever.
Hey your work out partner from good 'ol Eau Claire (Bon Iver) is representing #WisconsinCelebs on tonight's grammys
There's a Cinco De Mayo party in our hotel's lobby...
Where all is but a dream, reasoning and arguments are of no use, truth and knowledge nothing. ~ John Locke
Going bo see today
If I get one more WONDERING WHO THIS IS BOX? I'm going to scream. We get it; you can stop now!
So proud of boys basketball team at tech. Their fundraiser was great!
Thanks for the retweet…it is truly appreciated!
you'd think I'd be used to doing things on my own by now, but I still get annoyed when I can't find anyone to do things with. 😒
This is wonderful: Senator is so comically terrible at Twitter it's funnier than your favorite parody account RT :
Its the last day of #NCSC and the rain is coming down while we board buses to go show our support for Georgia charter school children!
I thought VCs were refocusing on cost cutting technology in healthcare; but still surprised about apps, interesting but sad
I know they all Mexican ❤❤
S/O to my new followers
Thanks! I was a TINY part of VERY successful #sagaftra #oneunion campaign! Credit goes to all members of &
on the plane in Denver now, let me know!
hell yes
yup ;D I feel safer that way haha
Thanks. Nothing has been published just presented; on a related note, we teach a course on masculinity in the HS where I teach
Both the kiddos are sick :( breaks my heart. But were just gonna have a laid back day and watch some movies.
Sorry guys. It was a attempt at a funny visual. I'll endeavor to be more serious.
that's a super way to invite! Let me know details of what you're looking for and I'll see if I have something great to say
that is an amazing thing of you to say
haha thats suprising, if i saw you in person I would check you out all the time too xD
To storage shelter by bj's to put stuff away
Yeah, said I was with the winery. We will see. I don't have a lot of time on Monday
In the recording studio working on my new song
Phantasy Star Online 2: MAG Fest: We traverse a future space forest in the closed beta of Sega's long awaited MMO...
Kohl "Has to be a broad coalition. But there is a need to get busy on it and get it done."
did i scare you away with my vocabulary? lol!
my problem is obsessively refreshing my email. Does not magically make said emails appear.
(FRIDAY) GRAD BASH @ STATUS... GRADS FREE ALL NITE - ALL ACTIVE UF GREEKS IN FREE BEFORE 12AM - ALL GRADS DRINK FREE CHAMPAGNE
people who try so hard to fit in <<<<< just be yoself
I suppose that makes sense. Did Moses have multiple wives? He was around 1300 BC, though. (If he even existed)
Congrats to & for making top 121 Best New Hotels in the world!
RT 4all of you who dont know what a twitter diet is is when you spend a time without tweeting to relax
Onto another week full of nothing to do, I may just leave for now.
Talk things through without anger or frustration. Clear headed communication leads to "clear" answers:)
Meat Loaf's Bat Out of Hell album has sold over 43 million copies. I own it. It's awesome and stuff.
please follow, i'd love u forever if you did! x
So I got 4 months 2 get the fuck out my house. Lets get it.!!!! :)
kidding? No Peter Shilton on the best players/draft list? 125 Caps, over 1000 FA matches, 30 year career. And you're a GK.
": I just caught some dude sitting in his mini van beating off." Why were you watching a dude beat off in his mini van?
you're disgusting
haha, I sometimes forget that people can see what I'm listening to. it's made for a festive two days!
i'm a lamer
Open House yard signs popping up like dandelions around town. Have you seen one?
upgrade your cell phone at www.fhtmus.com/iwillmovement click on wireless shop RT
haha u want that quick put on.. That's the only reason ppl listen to that d-bag
excited to play together next week!
You guys, I'm still super excited about seeing the shuttle. That was just so cool. I feel like I'm 8 years old!
Thanks for the Sweet reTweet!
I can't wait until June 19!
In fact the said that under the #GOP Budget those earning over $1 million a year would receive $265,000 in NEW tax breaks
love u! Text me tomorrow and tell me how it goes(:
you don't reply to me because I'm from san antonio texas! That's why you never tour here either! Isn't it? :)
ITS NOT NOW ;)
Blacklavender says its hot as hell today! Let me go back inside and drink this 3 liter pepsi!
Miss the way you love me too much
Oh, for sure. Sweater vests are ballin'.
My lips are sealed.
#ImThatPersonWho will be there if you need to talk even if we are in a fight or argument
STALL: I-84 eastbound @ 53rd, on right side
hasn't written a blog post in a while.
4 words: Chardonnay Apricot Iced Tea
Well we see we still have the same officials.
Is there more power in David Wright's pinky than the Phillies' lineup?
Get all the hoes
She got you PW! PUSSY WHOOPED
No, my blog has not died. I'm going to go back to one a week. Promise.
Oh, thank you! RT A bit new to Twitter, will check our your site! Good luck!
Gaga looks like she is having a seizure while dancing, she does minimum movements. Let's not be delusional here.
soo wer are the people here ^^
Thanks for helping spread the word about "Battered Soul". It was really fun to do 1950s style in mono!
Jets:Colts game back n forth. didn't expect this. go colts!
and there was about 15 girls
When I have a son or daughter.. First thing imma do is throw some jays on there feet.
I hate bugs more than people.
Special Thanks to our guest speaker CPT Ken Barrett from the for his service to the nation.
Who wants to donate sushi to my craving cause?
Thank you so much to our amazing vendors and the great folks who filled the room today. We couldn't have asked for more. See you again soon!
Beep beep
Ugh I have no energy today 😔
we have professionally trained carpet cleaners available every day of the week to ensure quick response and efficient. call now 866-970-2532
Just realized Leake's ERA is at 6.00 because that is #firedusty's threshold of pain.
Donnie didn't come? I bet the place was packed.
Do! I should have liked it more.Know that lurking feeling of insufficiency when you aren't enjoying something well-crafted?
Onto a happier subject! :)
A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many bad measures. -Daniel Webster.
Tickets are on sale now at www.woodfishmusic.com/shows Woodfish @ The Rootstock Festival 2011 @ CB Huntington's - ALL AGES
Watching Dexterr :) Season 2! Haha :) it was a good week :D
Cinnamon graham crackers, milk and extended version of LOTR- Fellowship of the ring
Just watch my first kenetiscope at Museum of moving image
what was she thinking.
omg shut ur face so I can sleep god!
My balls look like meatbutt bleeding out after a long menstrual cycle. I really like boost mobile. Let's fist our butts with ice cream
Happy #StPatricksDay from the ! Fill up on corn beef, cabbage and boiled potatoes from #FumareMeatsDeli Sláinte!
- Do you want to offer your customers the chance to win 2 Bulls vs. Heat Courtside Seats for March 14th at the United Center?
Bummed our sessions r @ same time. :( RT : Looking forward to my, and 's pres today on cheap technology.
haha, you're pretty good, too my man. I might see you over on your side of the country next week. Keep up the hustle!
i can't wait for the EXPLOSION
little bit of everything guys
Not all who are lost, wander.
Will do! Thx also for encouraging me to submit a talk, it went great.
I survived my first hurricane!!!
my gf dropper her iPhone in the toilet today too. Must be something in the air. ( or water, I guess)
Really, Hickey? Dick in a Box? You're going to hell. Also, I love you....
Doing me
#MensReproductiveRights you have a right to inform yourself on birth control options, and utilize them with your partner
Tonight ! Jonathan D. Moreno (Body Politic & Mind Wars) and Jonathan Haidt (Righteous Mind) talk to
My mom said yes... unfortunately it got sold out..
no problem :) just don't give it away!!
is the only guy I would voluntarily make a sandwhich for (; <3 #Followmeaustin?
I love when guys wear Chucks :)
Got rid of my septum piercing only gauges &tattz on me
I want a nandos to you little shit!
Lady in front of me at Starbucks just ordered 3 Venti hot waters. What would be the payment procedure for that?
SAT word of the day: grandiloquence (n.) lofty, pompous language
Sometimes people lose sight and worship gifts and talents God has given us more than Him. Those things don't give us life, He alone does.
Never mind- found out elsewhere.
This morning's fast run courtesy of my vanity, which compelled me to pace ahead of the young, fit guy I overtook at the start.
On are way to get our 15 straights!
It's already midnight!? What?!?
Getting ready for our new event, Ink & Gold, with DJ Kid Cedek this Saturday featuring Purity Vodka and the Martian!
Charles Darwin interests me, watching the Science channel ;)
You have none!
or how abt u snooze u loose:)
Sad, but true!RT::This Seasons contestants have DESTROYED #Spirit of BIGGEST LOSER!!!
Id like request bling bling & nuthing but a g thing
Congratulations You've inspired our office to do a similar challenge. is preparing the charts!
you're welcome! I hope to see you guys soon. It has been way too long!
thanks for the RT!!
Urban legend: women enjoy camping. Ew.
Can't sleep..
dark roast. Sure
love you :)
Aw thankyou so much for subscribing and tweeting about me! You're awesome :D
About to turn off the blackberry and spend so time with pp without the distraction of my phone
I remember how to do this. "Fire mission: Conservative in the open..."
In Titanic's day about 80 million pieces of mail were handled by the Sea Post, via NY Harbor.
help meh get more followers please:D
It was adorable when you were in your twenties. Not so cute anymore now that you're pushing thirty.
Been in the studio all week , Uploading beats now
I cannot wait to move! And for a new better paying job. I hate waiting for progression.
RT : Dear Filly, #RBNY is going to doop on your filthy city 12:30p (maybe 12:40 because of commercial sponsorship
Finally back home in the Boro. We had a great weekend and want to thank for having us out. Hope to come back soon!
I'm a sucker for a kind word
Hold on Meow >:|
girl!! sorry u haven't heard from me, haven't had a phone.. it'll be a few more days lol. u went out 2night?(; follow back xoxo
I'm listening to Super Bass I love it.
It affects all corporations equally. There's nothing wrong with union members voting. Or you think they shouldn't?
If this was LA, it'd be art RT : crews have started chipping at huge boulder that slipped Tues night, crushed cars, dmgd house.
Last home game :( I'm going to miss bball. Go Aztecs!
lol who don't I know?
We have a 10 piece Paramount SP circuit in perfect condition for $13,000. Beautiful condition. Basically looks new.
I am extremely bored
Hahahahaha it all depends where I'm at man. A lot of dead areas out west here in the mountains.
": I need more followers help a girl out #TeamDJPaulyD" thanks bella
thanks Susan!
Watching Steve Case @ Payments '09
Disappointment is a sort of bankruptcy - the bankruptcy of a soul that expends too much in hope and expectation... - Eric Hoffer
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
I'm brining back my Soul Searching party next Thursday the 16th 8pm- 10pm 2 4 1 on all drinks. No Cover guest
it's just lemon water, I swear!
Whoever that person in your twitter picture is , is dangerously goodlooking! tell them to Holla At Me(;
a crash pad is in my future.
I bet if you broke away from Hollyweird, Spent time on my Ranch riding horses, just getting some outside quiet time, you'd love it!
That came across wrong. I love the rooster, too. Maybe not enough to write a book about it, though...
Guys a stranger on the street gave me a very explicit but very genuine compliment it was the highlight of my night
Polishing songs for the next recording. Waiting for the moment it's time to put down the pencil and eraser.
yay! It was great. Can't wait for Saturday!
If there's Two Hearted Ale, I might pack a pint glass in my panniers for when I arrive.
he thought i cut my wrist becuz there was so much blood.
Yes, please do! We'll have some #Indy adventures!
tell her to see the hit Adam Sandler movie, Clit.
'neoliberalism as creative destruction.'
RT Getting my skirt blown up in this crazy ABQ wind. Sorry, no pic. // Darn! ;)
I'm doing the only thing I know how live my beautiful life
Is his Twitter handle? Is he now aware of your love?!
Gretchen can cut 500 pounds of USDA Grade A beef and make it to the ashram by 6:00y night. She's a real superstar.
content and it's interaction work best as equal partners, IMO. I am, however, loath to disagree w the guru :)
i see you riding that wavy too my dude! I feel you 100!
Umm.. That's kind of disgusting. Who uses regular Listerine when they have minty fresh now??
"Competition breads excellence, brings out the best in us." "Yeah. Tell that to Nancy Kerrigan."
waiting for my redeem code peas 😜
I can't stand to see anyone in so much pain! :'( I love you and hope you get better, grandma.
So true! RT : If Simone Battle gets through it's because of Simon's ego.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Separate checks please!
People who follow me then unfollow like I won't see.. Mf , I can unfollow yo ass too. Stop try a get more followers stupidly t-.-t
good. been suffering bad allergies but good.
Impossible to please GOD, WITHOUT FAITH
We've always been suckers for Roscoe Village over here.
So true!!! RT : To be old & wise, you must first have to be young & stupid.
NY has a serious love affair with
Our Next #Meeting is on #August 3rd at 6:30 at IJPC
Moving 2 days in a row and baby watching really wares me out!!!!
Follow back !
Now, I didn't hit you. I lightly slapped you.
Love that feeling on the Amtrak when the bathroom door not only doesn't lock, but slides open...while you're peeing.
The Greater Indiana Chapter will be closed for Good Friday.
From Elias Sports Bureau: 3 straight road wins by 20+ point margins is a first in franchise history.
what does that mean?;p
Too bad Lebron didn't connect with that elbow. I'm sure would've minded to see him get gone...
hahahahhaha!!!!! Yay Ya Yay! I did manage to change my profile picture!
You two forget how to tweet?
#AGoodGirlfriend do what she gotta do.
Oh no
we having one at Bar 7
I know Gamel's no Fielder, but shooting seems a little harsh.
"I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, wear Reebok."
that junt goin in memphis stand up
plz follow me u would make my bday the best ever and everyday be my best day cause you followed me so plz do!!!!!
Writing my book! So stoked(: Also tryna save money to publish it, know any good(cheap lol) publishers? Lulu perhaps?
If you have aches, pains or old injuries you're going to love tomorrow's deal! We're already psyched about it :)
VACO posters are now up for sale on the Pick-Up online store!
I miss my baby! Just was wit him, but I can't enough of some him.
The nesting behavior is a clear signal that a pregnant #dog is about to give birth to her
u do realize i called u yesterday, right?
I will be making a decision of what to do next...... remember I told you I handle New Business Membership @ Sams Club
#fact does not release trash!
Where is it located - and I love it.
Mardel is the Christian fiction addict's crack house!
And the random winner of the Jamba Juice gift card is Chelle!!! Message me your mailing address and I'll get it out tomorrow! :)
Andrew Luck with the flip phone.
thanks so much for the follow! Please let us know if we can help with a new mattress!
Who should follow?
Eraserhead for Virtual Boy
Hey I just checked out the new trailer for Tim Burton's Dark ShadZZZZzzzzzzzz........
Apc was great today!!!!!
RT : Blake has A post move. Meaning 1. Great plyrs always hv a counter & a counter 4 their counter (sadly, ur kinda right)
omg way worse than snake!
lol yeah it's a good way to start the day :)
When I'm with you| Best Coast
welcome to the land of little blue check marks :)
...let's see...old enough to know better, young enough not to care... LOL!
Shout out video?????? <3 WAAAAANAAAAA BE IN IT <3?
Watching Adele clean up tonight gives music hope. You don't need to dress crazy and have ridiculous hair to make an impact.
"Little Big Man"
Traffic was light this morning Hopefully is not so bad now..
Sport the olde english D
Yes! Theaters sell #glutenfree brownies.
MotherFuck my opponent.
Not anymore! I use to be! Only in my #fairytales RT: #Cancer's are big believers in love
Pompa: if all of our students are not prepared to compete with children all around the world, this country is going to lose.
#TRAK #Records and #Library has a page on LinkedIn! Follow us for jobs in information management.
HEY BROGAN, how'd your day go?(:
Listening music while doing homework
Jeff McDonald: Daniel Chong was handcuffed the entire time in DEA custody and probably spent entire weekend in darkness.
#Loex2012 Prof. Brian Stone presents an excellent video demo on vacation to Mars with excellent motion graphics! Wow!
Exactly 7 days later...my presentation was off the charts :) #winning (Thankful for the people who helped me)
If you need a month don't say you need a week. Cuz on the 7th day I'mma rest and on the 8th I'm putting you the hell out. ~Madea
really? please tell me you're joking. ;)
you're probably right haha
We'll b serving up those good dogs at the Kids Fair @ KMart on US31 in Greenwood this Saturday from 10am-2pm.Come see us there and say hello
ball then OKC is in trouble
Talk about an opening line RT I just need to figure out where to stick that serial cable on my MBP.
Haven't talked to you in a while. How have you been?
new Checkered Socks post just to let you know! Peace
Cool. Great chatting with you again!
what's good kid? You're graduating this semester?
Hosmer's circle change is gettin' real nasty, I heard.
Soothe stress - by learning how to handle conflicts over careers, kids, in-laws, & more.
I may or may not have installed your app. Irrelevant question to ask since your website can't tell, so answer is always the same.
that awkward moment when I walk into the room , and I realize I'm the only bad bitch , MOVE. <3
appreciate the time tonight.
Game 3 at the Rose Garden is a sell-out!! Fans are #allin. Go HAWKS!!
« Don’t wish it were easier, wish you were better. » Jim Rohn
Watched Into The Wild tonight. Forgot Zach Galafanakis was in it. His name was Kevin.
haha that ones cute!! U never know if it will if ya dnt try :)
then do both, man. Aim for the moon. Even if you miss you'll reach the stars.
Get you tickets NOW The Canticum Novum Chamber Orchestra & Chorus Fall Concerts “unjustly neglected masterpieces" 10/15 Santa Fe -10/16...
#ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo crack their knuckles
Hey, thanks for the recommendation!
Im a Lucky man to be surrounded by and on this flight 
Oscar Weekend was Amazing ...... I actually just woke up. My feet are busted...lol
future - neva end
Justin bieber is still a cutie ;)
MT FTCs David Vladeck:For the mill of peep that bought Skechers toning shoes, the only thing that got a workout was their wallet.
A drunk mind speaks a sober heart RT Apparently when I drink and text, any thought I have goes directly to my phone.ANY.THOUGHT
Nap pods, massage rooms, game rooms and frozen yogurt trucks ... Incredible
Thanks for the mention!!
Wow that was a powerful statement. How wonderful you have truly impacted him for sure.
For the record, you have to go to here. Been solid all year. Have complete confidence in him.
wondering what kinds of "celebrations" or "thank yous" others close out the semester in the WC with
The real hipster nannies of Brooklyn
These One Direction boys can have my heart...like all of it.
try the detox tea with some creme de menthe at mochas it will change your world
Anyone go to the #beach today?
LOVE it. So. Much.
... in a basically healthy society, rather than islands of hardship in a pathologically unequal society.
Easter bunny is grabbing some Easter supplies at where else but my neighborhood Bartell's;-)
RT : #FF American Craft Beer Week
That's Probably The Last Thing You'd Do.
Thanks! It was nice to see after a few days of being overcast.
Awesome js geo estelle! RT Some awesome ideas at #atthack. ... outcome ... I am really hungry for some bacon.
Look forward to meeting you IRL as well. I frequent events, among others.
I'm going to Vegas in 17 days. AHHHHMAAAAAGAAAAAASH!!!!!!!!
I bet he gives good head cause he always brags about it. Susie likes him, she said he's a couchino boy lmao😄
OMG I CAN'T BELIEVE MY TEAM NOW MY TEAM IS 1-3 OMG!! SRRY TO SAY MY TEAM GOT NOTHIN TO DO WE'VE GOT 2 STRATEGERIZE A NEW WAY 2 WIN!!??
that's incredible, Nice work. I never saw the board til now and seeing it all together is impressive.
Baltimore native and resident ;) I travel internationally for music, but this is home. Yes, we are hiring. Stop in
Wishing BIG #Festivities to everyone celebrating #SaintGeorgesDay today!
Thanks! Show off your personality or your skills! Illustrate what you can do with screen casts or videos performing you skills.
on the air with Al-Tariq Best the founder of FP Youthoutcry a wonderful new youth organization in Newark..you don't want to miss the wisdom
shake my booty and hoop outside in the grass wearing teal pajama pants? Yes, please! Friday rocks!
Technically glass is both half full and half empty, you must decide how you respond
I can't wait either. But then I have to go to highschool... ikd if that is good or bad
The Air I Breathe always puts on a good show : )
I'll be at the Hot Stove Coaches Clinic @ Butler tonight hosted by Coach Farley. Any HS baseball coaches out there going?
Im interested to see how this season of Game Of Thrones resolves. It's really strayed from the book, & continues to more and more each week.
Interview went fantastic.
for all those dog lovers out there, construction of our puppy park has begun...stay tuned!!!
RT : Kegs & Eggs Brunch w/ Tomorrow at the #LocalUnderground 10am-4pm! Join us for Bloodies, Mimosas & Beer
S/O to Keep doen ya thang
still in school
I have also told clients their idea won't work. They don't like it. I
#20ThingsAboutMe 12. I have been 2 or 3 times to the princible office this year for stupid things!
Clean clothes! Yeah!
TY for the great conversation. Have a wonderful weekend!
Guy who got me the shot bought me a pink rose. This has been a great evening.
Now THAT's my kinda priority! Right there with ya! ;-)
thanks, playboy!!
same... who are you going with tue? i haven't planned this well.
Ya did?? Will look again. Did not see your email!
The only thing we bring to this relationship with Christ is hunger, He brings everything else. GET HUNGER!
Yep, and worse than that, I've lost track of time doing fun research (ancestors) that it's already 1:25 am. Time is not friendly.
#elderlaw seminar Glencroft Phx, no wifi, no tables, few plug-ins. need 2 update to today's attendee needs. viral marketing obstacles 4 sure
#Don'tBeScared To Tell Someone How You Feel.
S.C.H.O.O.L. -Seven crappy hours of our life. C.L.A.S.S. -Come late and start sleeping. F.I.N.A.L.S. - fuck i never actually learned shit.
"I heard girls like to have sex to John Mayer so there is that..." - when we drinking again?
We were expecting a convention of librarians to be much less noisy! #pla12 #pleasantsurprise Come say "hi" at the photo scan booth
♫ If tomorrow is Judgment Day and I'm standing on the front line and the Lord asks me what I did with my life, I will say...♫
that was the worst experience of my life
Thanks for the spreading the word about #socialanxiety support.
I'm flying around and i'm shittin I'm flying around and i'm shittin I'm flying around and i'm shittin Cause i'm a pidgin
I love those things in the Trading Shadows audiobook! Its so raw & real and they're the bg sounds to your everyday life. :)
Spear and Mission, 11:45-2pm. A little drizzle don't make these pies fizzle.
I love those people who just make my day <3
All my favorite big ten teams have caved. Time to read a book.
goodNight but....
Same here doll!! It's going to be a BLAST!
We'll always have our lobstery sunburned skin to remind us of this glorious weekend, Seattle (always = till Wednesday, then peeling)
At #home being #bored :|
she said.. I know you bad, but I want you bad
My 4 and 6 year olds are obsessed with the sndtrk to John Water's film Pecker. I'm waiting for the inevitable "Daddy, what's tea bagging?"
Now that the NFL draft is over and all the analysis has been done, it's finally time to shift focus to next year's NFL draft
Happy Father's Day! Continue to be the great fathers you are supposed to be.
Its time to do an official interview for What's your email? Xoxo
Getting academics to acknowledge that students don't share those beliefs is a big problem for the academy going forward.
thanks to you girls too!
Is the Church traded publicly?
Got my fill of Thai food and social media talk during lunch today... which means Beth is a happy girl.
Six for six on the crab shuffle.
the Rattlers are counting down to when we can see in theatres tomorrow! Number 1 spot here you come!!
#Pens need to get rid of Lovejoy
#HonestyNight im watchin this bake pop commercial & really considering buying one
The white girl named Jamaica from South Africa just... Wait, what?.
What country is Michele Bachmann a citizen of today???
your beautiful and crazy too!
on craigslist 'in need of a professional photographer looking to make about $25 for a two and half hour gig...' lol
nice split screen..
You beta say that! lol
RT!“: #1: You only live once, and most people don't even do that.”
Love me or Love me not.But the girl your aint better than i not? You'll remember the happiness i gave you. She cant always give that to you.
Yes, Educator's should design evaluation system Authoritarian change=hierarchical=industrial model
I'm using Echofon n tweetcaster
Lather and Rinse.
I could do that in one night, LOL i'll definitely watch! Going to bed now though, i have school in the morning, unfortunately!
At home finally with my baby!!!
whats up! justin bieber #1 fan i know u love him and wanna marry him!Lol...
UHMMM DA KIDS. WELL, AS SOON AS AUSTIN SHAVES ME, I CAN GET MARRIED. I DONT WUNT TO BE SWEATIN ON MY WEDDING DAI
RT i aint worried bout josephine;; & is that a good thing or bad? Hope u have a blessed day by the way
Women need to start searching for guys who have goals and want success...in 10 years, "swag" isn't going to pay your bills.
Scotch is good stuff most of the time. Good scotch is really good. Bad scotch is really bad.
Love love love the butternut squash Risotto from !! Great with shrimp!
really wish i had practice this week. need to spend time on the field cause its my escape.
#nf can i get a follow back
make sure u follow me ;)
"Honeymoon on the dancefloor"
Ladies: u want to find a man of quality!? Dress the part! In a tiny little dress at the club....what did u think ud find???
FYI that was a first half bet
tweet-up is on fire!
Happy May 4th! Today is the greatest "holiday" in the film industry
Gotta put up with the clouds but the sun is comin'! Where shall we go #PDX?
let me check on how many we have, so far I know we have them.
Hmm. Hope that means good things!
Ia short strategy in bull markets makes money. One in the bear rakes it in. Fast and furious. Always have the next trade ready
I live in a party zone. But Sunday night? :-/
If you could have any piece of art from history what would it be?
BE CHEERFUL ; WHEN EVERTHING SEEMS TO BE GOING WRONG
Cleaning a lot to make your guests think your house is cleaner than it actually is…
Pawtucket police say they were defending themselves when they killed a MA man who pulled a gun on them during a traffic stop
i seem to remember a guy being there :P
you ah bad mf you say you love me .
Small Titties Are Cool
that's where I need her lol
Gustin has been serving as head coach at Waubonsee Community College (Illinois), and helped Canby to back-to-back league titles in '98-'99.
Back in Business after that #snowtober hope everyones power is restored in
It's dumb for LA to have 2 teams.
High frequency bus line my ass! I've been standing here a half hour!
At Blu jam cafe on melrose with a nice group of friends. :-) life is good.
Please say it's not piss or you are severely dehydrated.
That is brilliant, is it possible to create an app for that? Without re configuring the Ipad?
I write because it brings me pleasure & joy. I am able to express myself—the many shades of me—through pen & paper. It's a gift I can't deny
Special Situation and Exceptions in Slip and Fall Injury Cases
50% off dinner at The Clifton this Monday and Tuesday. Think this is the last week we are doing this
Besek: and of course specter of international issues loom. Whatever we do it will be scrutinized in other countries
work has paid off for them.Bill raising beer 5-8% ABV has passed House & heading to Governer's desk!!
I wanna drive
Watching , love her she is so funny and witty.
ifttt.com is my new favorite thing ever.
$5 All U Can Eat Tacos On Tuesday!!
Maybe that I should be in stretch pants, smoking a cigarette.
it was my pleasure (:
Unions/Dems/Libs/Obama declare war on demcracy in Wisconsin and plan to bring battle to other states.
I for volunteer but i no wan eldee stab me with yabbings
Not only is he two innings away from qualifying for another win, Jamie Moyer even has a base hit tonight...
you say that because they're yours and you're tired of them!
A dad is playing with kid and making noises and the baby is giggling so loud. Cutest thing ever.
If you have to print "Grown and Sexy", your party is neither the former nor the latter.
Don't you fret my dear, this is WAR! 👿
I only knew one song! Lol RT : wish I was there! They are one of my favorites.
Working with this huge cramp
OH NO DUDE! I had mine taken off :/ I can't make puppies :( Thanks Lisa, I had a dream for a fam.
Oh and nice argyle pockets on your baggies.
Today on my bday, I just wanna run some errands....that actually is exciting to me lol
What neighborhood in New York do you live in? And what is great about it?
Thanks for the intro you wonderful lady!
if you were my neighbor I'd hit you up for an onion, and invite you over for dinner
That's what Skype/Tango is for 😉 #Aussie “: aw it's not so bad... I'm sure when u go home it was come back :)”
follow me i am as i am following you friends
"fingers gotta stay off the trigger till you're ready to shoot"---
I'm gonna start tweeting more often. Dammit!! My battery is dying. FUCK!
An Artist Immortalizes His Father Max Ferguson spent decades painting hyper-realist portraits of his father around New York City, as both
"is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music. - Sergei Rachmaninoff"
As much as this week at SXSW was bizarro and wonderful, I am so ready to come home to Boston. If only I wasn't laid over for so long :(
Omg why is my website awful and why haven't I been keeping up with it?
I followed back.
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful moms out there <3
#GrandpaFred oh I don't care. It's your hands that are the important part. Here comes somebody. Can I help you?
There's a lot of double standards. Such as you can't be ugly and mean, I know, wrong. But If I have to be fat and Jolly, u can deal
we connected! :)
#L1C4 Im trimming up my line beard, putting on my Curve cologne & heading out to 4th street 2 celebrate with some Crown Royal
Any #screenwriters and #filmmakers in #Philadelphia bored like i am and want to create something for fun?!?!?
There are only 12 notes. They are all good. You can play note you want at any time; just put the right heart and feeling inside it.
and tx again for hosting today. He has 2 other meet/greets B4 ur house.
Welcome to the team Afif Kafena, and Tony Martinez!!!!
Admit that your own private Mount Everest exists. That is half the battle.
talking to my best friend <3
Won tix from ! Rock on!
What did you do to your foot? Glad it's better!
Hoping I can participate, very busy with proposals... I just can't resist a good tweet chat!
TO WHERE BBY. Can you take me with you. Lol (I Wish)
love the positivity my brother! Ride with you...how was your release party yesterday?
When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.”
And , won't you miss me? xoxo
If wants to smootch, theres only one thing your smootching
Hey pplz:D
Playing at The Mill in Prattville next Thursday come hang with us and more.
hey sorry I havn't tweet'd you i've been busy :/
I mean, that's basically your life now.
If you're in or around #London UK tomorrow, be sure to visit | They are holding a MainEvent to cap off the #RSOP 2012 |
Red Maple in Baltimore tomorrow night is DJing
More snow on the way ... woohoo!
I know how old I am, and as part of my profession, I can tell you aren't as old as me. you're a puma most likely
yes! Yum!
Will we ever have a football season?????????
Our delayed flight is now re-delayed. Delayed-delayed? Delayed squared?
what else are u obsessed with that I am?
Thank you! I hope your day is great, too :)
To clarify, I'm not at all happy that IKEA no longer carries real Swedish food products/brands either, but... lighten up, yeah?
RESPECT THE YORKE.
the akward moment when you take off your clothes and the girl says "i didn't know you had an outtie". But you dont!
Finna just take a nap.... thinkin too hard on this situation is really makin me wanna cry
ah snap a ninja is on here!
I have NEVER been more excited for sleep on my life.
was that you I just saw on Columbia rd!?
as long as we cleared that up... we're good in the hood <--- did I really just tweet that? D:
Time for bed long day ahead of me
Do the Kardashian's ever have no make-up on?
You're either going to get high or you're not. It doesn't matter if it's 420. How about everyone shuts up now.
I love the Incredibles!
Ugh . You could of just texted me first for once in your life .
Warm weather returning to dc
new song idea of a title /// smokeshow - (sexy bombshell walks into a bar)
#cmonman u leave, and i won't get to see again!
Ha ha crazy as triathletes, just less lycra
What do u girls thinks looks better on guys. One ear pierced or both?
Last week of our idol series: "Breaking Idols: Values or Virtues"
BUMPER STICKER - "Some days you're the dog, other days you're the hydrant." What kind of day it is, is up to you.
Trip to the outlets was a bust. Did buy jeans for $9 at Banana Republic. Huge furniture sale at Pottery Barn, but forbidden to purchase.
Booked a webisode, Euston Prep and looking forward to shooting!
A little sunburnt. And a lot tired.
I like me some penis. Haha im totally joking.
U.S. photographers: tax filing deadline is 3 weeks from today (April 17). Time to get cranking unless you've already filed as a corp, etc.
Sorry- don't think we do!
I really hope realizes how important and Noah Puckerman are to SO MANY fans.
The "Throttle 'Em Threes" are in full effect here. This makes me want a drink. Or a cupcake. Or a lobotomy.
Ben we can play whenever you want
my auto thing does that Megan, sorry. Following again! Big hugs.
Enormities of crime and anomalies of law
Awkward chestache-as-a-bra joke quota completed by a customer. Thank you ma'am!
thanks jeremy
link building needs to happen in a natural manor, getting 5000 text backlinks from a forum is not a good plan
I loving right now!
"TOO MUCH BOOTY IN THE PANTS!!" <3 Okay I'm done... Night(:
i hate this.
cannot stay asleep..might just have to roll out to get some hardees brekfast
yea I think so!
I can build a functional calculator with PPT like tools in #Storyline, I'll guarantee there was more design...
awesome man! i'm a huge believer in this
Back to school free hair cuts for men & women @ the league barber shop Aug,8 from 3:00-7:00 with student id, we just won best barbershop&sal
I told you... I like squares. ;p
Oh man. That's romantic. I'm using it.
I would rather have a belligerent patron than have to endure 1 more cheesy "April" joke.
Tune in to tonight at 7:00pm for Studio 89 with The Western!
Left and center lane blocked on I-10 at Canal st exit. Truck either caught fire or spilled dirt.
The Lakers transition defense is pitiful but the Thunder are playing with poise. That's what you're supposed to do at home.
Am not only Cuz a wile ago I gave 900,000 dollars in donations.... I'm not saying to were cuz it was unanimous
thank you for style performance the #grammys Amazing.
starting to read Accidental Creative, too!
#20FactsAboutMe I wish I could change so many things about myself..
that is awesome indeed!
Looking for Windows File Systems Developers and SQL Server OS / SQL Kernel/Replication Developers email for more info. #ntf…
People keep saying I've 'changed' not really I just met new people
anything put together by people is going to have errors, and then there's where records get sketchy and one gets ...
I DONT WANT IT TO END
L found a bird this morning. Most likely it ran into our patio door. We're half way through Bird Watch 1.0 before taking it to the rescue.
thanks love! I got your entry!! :D
Chiana:Just when I get the comfy chair the way I want it, it gets cleaned and I have to start all over again.
yeah I've been out here for a few days
Departures Salon at the Balloon Museum tonight was enjoyed by all! J.D. Huss told great ABQ aviation stories. Thx to Twitterer attendees.
congrats on winning two junos!!!1 so proud of you! (:
so deep carla. How u been?!? Love the new track btw!!!!
Damn somebody just bought a bottle and that bih came out in a CAGE!! THE F!?
Today is Love Day and i LOVE YOU <33
Try eating organic, or as your grandparents used to to call it: regular ass food.
I will most likely sign up for the next session. Thanks for the link!!
Thank you for the #FF shout out! You are inspiring as well!
Who likes $40 Sour Bubble and $20 Bubble Hash? 'Cos Tea Pot Lounge has them. Go and check it out!
I won't lie. I love robot chicken
Dang @ Lightsquared. Another one bites the dust. *sigh*
Making Quite A Good Recovery. Thank God!
People who unfollow suck
I love to go to Washington - if only to be near my money.
Great choice!
hell yeah
That's it. I need some new heels.
i cant stand half of the people in my grade.
A great audition + family + the beach = A great day!
no problem Payton :) miss you girl! <3
Love me some
I see. But I'd say source fragmentation has been an issue since 1900s. I thought you were raising issue of preservation.
Everyone get stoked for 6/18!
wait the Komets will be back next year right? I moved to Indy so I'm outta the loop
On tap for today: #Schubert & #Corigliano. Oh, and finding tix to 's "Pearl Fishers," which opens this weekend!
Still enjoying cool weather in southern california
All our beers in bombers will rotate through on tap. We simply don't have enough capacity to keep every last beer on tap full time.
I've only had to do that's few times and once he contradicted the agent, who was pissed.
I laugh when I see someone tweet a complete lie, do you think people believe your bullshit?
LOL go inside the Hotel cant u??
I've been on this old school flow all day. Nothing like the oldies...
how is living in Vegas?
Thanks for the info. I appreciate it. OmniFocus on Lion has been perfect in my experience, btw.
Amarillo we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Salserodalante Productions Presents a Fun Ladies Styling & Technique Class Every Tuesday Night at 7:00pm!
when i think about you i can't help but smile (: <3
damn last day for spring break back to school tomorrow cant lie this spring break was fun as hell though :(
We need a DVD release! Keep up the great work you and the EW team do.
So tired.
Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed
I just told my mom this: "I'm keeping this chair." and she thought I said, "I peed in this chair." hahahahahaha
So, did you hear that Jim Marshall died today? What? I said...
Busy busy week
"Cut my life in to pizzas"
Commitee on Sexual Thought
Friend and I stayed at tonight for about 30 minutes and were charged $181.70.
is a tweeting machine this morning!
I don't understand how people have a thing for feet
RT Breaking: #occupyportland march numbers diminish after rounding corner at Mary's Club. Chanting "We are the 99% and we like the ladiez"
Very odd. What was your favorite Best Picture nominee? I liked The Descendants the best.
DUSS really going fast, I day traded it a couple of days ago, looks like it might have legs for penny land!
Happy Birthday precioso !!!!!
Its sad that you sacrifice being late to work everyday for someone and they can't help you do one simple thing... its cool though.
Not gunna lie, definitely just made my day 😊
he does sound very fascinating. I'd love to see how far he goes in later years.
yes, just makes sense "HR should deliver value in three areas, talent, organizational culture and leadership."
Thx for the shout! And we plan to LevelUp the world! which likely includes retail stores :)
: Let’s create JOBS & revenue via online #poker licensing! Please back adding this to the transportation bill. Thanks!
srsly envying all the book love you are getting right now. Thanks for the title tweets.
OMG i just got the cutest matching Jacket and purse! Holla, its maroon in an Asian cut and pattern , its beautiful
Ha. Not quite. But you never know what they'll say next.
"Like" Top 5 Cutest Boys: Top 5 Prettiest Girls: Top 5 I Would Cuff: #30 Likes to start♥
One day we will say to the young, "I remember when Pluto was a planet, back when floppy disk & encyclopedias were still used!"
If you want people to look nervous ask them to act natural
Born to Bingo?! In the market for Bingo supplies for a future event! Got some, let us know!
Got some new beats.
Sometimes I really miss ballet!
KATIE! And how do you know that?
#protip The next time you are tempted to name dev talk after anything related to Steve Ballmer, reconsider. Exception granted: Ballmer Peak.
RT : I want those sunglasses!!! I'll even poke my eyes out and wear contacts just so I can sport them! Lolol. Order info on way
Just got my copy of FightClub in the mail today :)
QUESTION: "How did you see those cuts and run like that?" BARRY SANDERS: "I see the same things u do but u just can't get there..." LOL
it just kinda happens? God's hands- not mine!
I hear that, been feeling that way for a while.
Dig Your Own Hole - The Chemical Brothers
Breaking News! Lebron James traded back to Cavaliers!
can't WAIT to get into the studio!!!!
I love thu too
can't get enough Kings of Leon today!
great! Will shoot u an email this week and catch up. Good Sunday night!
ABOUT DAMN TIME! NOW LET'S GET JAKE HIS FIRST WIN! WE CAN DO THIS PHILLY! WALK IT OFF! #LETSGOPHILLIES !! !!! 8D
Another day in reptile paradise. Human paradise, not so much. Unless U like 2 sweat buckets.Then it IS paradise 4 you U. Enjoying AC today.
lol oh hush you know you got hyped that I responded to your foot tweet
Yep what are you let m. guess Mexican
Just left the hospital pray for alex
damn dat sucks
sadly, we played that already tonight. Sorry.
I WAS JUS TRYNA PUT U N CHARGE OF SUMTHIN
Peculiar timing in the Seth Greenberg firing at Virginia Tech. Why wait until more than a month has passed since end of season?
Come to Californos tonight for drinks, eats and great entertainment! Our full menu features steaks, pasta, vegetarian entrees, salmon, tuna!
consider it done.
ill see u at the top one day...
good morning
awesome! “: Cooking up some exciting things for !”
My fellow fans and followers...anyone still awake?
speed big big diff
Osama bin Laden killed. Wow!
Should I get a Verizon iPhone?
Can't get the party rock anthem out my head. Lol
“: Did I do something wrong? The video won't load..” We are fixing this tech issue now! Thanks for letting is know.
You pay then money and still have to watch ads, so I argue that it is bullshit.
"i'm probably the nicest girl you'll ever meet............until you realize what a shitty fucking friend i am"
im gonna play #TurnToYou for my mom today<3
Bad Teacher was a freakin hilarious movie
You would think I would be use to it by now.. but I'm really not.
That's why my left eye was jumping this morning... Let him be ok.
Tomorrow Is Tuesday ... FOREVER ALONE!!
follow bacc pimp!
One last Americano for the day. Hopefully it'll keep me going through evening. Seattlite Tip: Diva Espresso has the best espresso beans
if i can survive this upcoming week, i can survive anything.
Man, I just LOVE reading about huckleberry finn and his southern adventures.yeeehaw. -_-
Nothing Impresses me anymore..
People, what ever happened to hakuna matata
Joe Johnson complains about touches and he passes on a wide-open layup?
lmao, way way way back! I was terrible. You def carried our team haha :)
Texas Rangers lets get it
Thanks! It's really pretty. Had to gentle stretch it a little when I got it since it was a bit tight but I'm wearing it happily now
Data visualists say that visualization is always "better" to display information. Debatable...
Everyone here is very nice so far! I can see why students like this place.
After everything the US has been through since 2008, the education industrial complex still says schools should be run like businesses.
mcr rocks i love that band so much
Team New York for the 5k color fun run in Columbus on July 21st! road trip with the girlies!
tell him he's not allowed to post pictures.
I feel part 2 is more funny then exciting lol Camilla just needa hit somebody so I can get crunk lol
Yes I am a sore loser when it comes to Maccabi. Were they the better team? No. But they had heart & soul, it will take some time to sink in
Fukk Around Wit Me An Get Yo Cap Split lol Ant Nothin butt a Gangsta party
So are you RT : You are
Princess Diana died in a car crash on this day in 97. I was watching SNL, news coverage interrupted The Spice Girls. Where were u?
I'll go the extra mile just to see you smile.
So Mean Jean won't be returning to Congress.
Thanks for the write up!
So many cool people at #smcnsb! and more I have yet to see!
Happy birthday ! Love you (: !
ahahah ok i will! I never have the volume on aha its weird! He better call lol
Fab. Only now, upon getting home after work, do I notice I've been wearing brown shoes & a black blouse all day. Go me.
"Kind words do not cost much, yet they accomplish much!"
May 18 FREE FAJITA FRIDAY @ One Up on 3rd & Central! Eat for FREE & enjoy tasty cocktails for happy hour that starts @ 4 pm. See you there!!
no more Bulls... Spurs and Thunder should start preparing for the Heat.
Thomas Place right on University Ave. is looking better than ever! Make sure to sign a lease for 2012 before its too late
Connecting music lovers.
RT : Go with the flow in job search! Identify your talents & strengths, how you've used them, value they provide employers.
I'm wondering how game-ready Dampier is...then again, he can't be any more offensively inept than Joel Anthony, or stiff as Big Z...
oh shit that wa a mental breakdown
yes, haha. actually like an hour :-)
By keke big booty ass
aw I've been missing LOTS! Need to re-watch it!
#TheRiver show is getting #intense by the second,
I grew up in the East to find at 40 a rich vocabulary of intense discrimination I used by rote. Took me a decade to unlearn.
Eisenhower: "Battle plans = good, til shooting starts." Don't get too attached to plan; improvise & adjust, says True 4 mktg!
Rec #1: Target state aid dollars at students whose potential to succeed is most constrained by limited resources.
When I Get You Alone
it ok
Hmm...16% battery left any guess at how long that will last me?
I still love and support Justin. #BOYFRIEND is amazing and I can't wait for #BELIEVE and
Giving your partner a massage will deepen the connection in your relationship. Try it!
you suck at this. honestly I feel bad for you
No i didn't get a new one- I was just sitting in my car bored and decided to snap a picture. No real reason. HAHA. How are you?
clutch and clutcher
Just passed a place called GROWN FOLKS CAFE...I guess I can go in there lol
This week needs to go by in super speed.
I miss you :(
My friend will be pleased to see that I'm tweeting. I must follow people as well. Will do.
this is some bullshit right here
wow thats intense organization
Great Strategic Planning focus group today with reps from , , & Blaustein Group. Thx!
Every person needs a spouse because you can't blame everything on government
Well Finna Watch Knicks Get They Ass Whipped Once Again-
Doc Chey's take-out, a Thanksgiving Eve tradition
There is a Ryan Raburn sized hole in our lineup. He does not like April.
And I ask again - Why isn't Dick Cavett on twitter?
Pregnant Oklahoma City woman arrested on DUI complaint
Thank you, Miss Tiffany. Your support is much appreciated.
come give me some good good.
Listening to ariana grandes song---"born this way"
i have so many old embaressing tweets opidshgjsdg;ilaesg
RT : #Enservio named third fastest growing private company in Boston by #bostonbusinessjournal. Insurance is fun (really)!...
LMAOOO the umbrella thing out my back says 'do not erect in windy conditions' hahahahahahaha.
Hey ! Tell coach 2 tell his players 2 skate puck in. Letting Brodeur play the puck hurts us & allowed Devils to skate down score!
Wouldn't it have made more of an impact if CONQUER SOCIAL MEDIA had all been capitalized rather than just SOCIAL?!?...
I never knew what GPS stood for until now. the full 3 words was just a puzzle on Wheel Of Fortune
See you sunday RT w hat r they.chanting?
-- so happy finally chose a side and publicly stated that he supports gay marriage!
I think they did that to themselves back in the 90's....lol
It is a sad and pathetic person who takes delight in ANY person getting hurt for ANY reason. Those joking about Rose's injury are classless.
Can you pose with a headband and big sunglasses:)
Stay tuned 4 official summary of proceedings of 5th Annual #Transportation & #Infrastructure Convention coming soon!
Dinner, Happy hour,Dessert, Wine Cocktail, Music, Dance Book your table !!
go to go and get ready for my concert tonight :)
Gerald is on his way to the Wineries Unlimited Trade Show, Discounts on ALL floor displays so bring your truck! Tell him Cathy sent you!
Fish Fry and the Brew Crew? Talk about a Good Friday!
So damn true! RT Appreciate what you HAVE before it becomes what you HAD.
take action, quit honing the business plan and get out there
It would be great if you wrote about the event - feel free to ask us any questions you might have! :)
Im Starting mY OWn business....what kind Advice to have for me????
Thanks for the shout out I mean Tweet! We greatly appreciate it Thanks again for coming out :).
We've got a feeling that this is Day's Major as well. Don't see the American's ending the losing streak this week.
Hope that today is a great day i just hope(:
& if you wonder, about the spell I'm under, it's your love.
AKA eating at Bluegrass Grille?
#JMTmentorCall Melissa rocks!
": An #Aries in love, loves to the fullest."
D'oh.
Lets meet real soon! I'm sure you a hottie clientele. Your cousin fared real well on
Puppy Bowl was more entertaining
hope to see u in Atlanta at the Fanfest June 4th/5th for vid promos/Q&A w/Fink, YRG w/ DDP/Kim+the appearances for pic/autos!
Congrats to and Kentucky. The way that team played together was something great to watch.
ALWC invite your friends and family and let's all pray today that Gods spirit would draw people to Him like never before.
Those strange days where you actually look decent.
Since I'm home sick from school today, I guess I should catch up on watching .
Tomorrows gonna be dope
I think we met briefly when I came to Gelman to tape a clip for GW's diversity video, but I could be wrong. Taping was a blur!
How many super musicians are we gonna lose at the age of 27?
....HaPpY bIrThDaY to one of my favs. Wishing you much love health happiness and wisdom. And cake and ice cream. :)
we GUNNA party!
thanks :) not yet but we will soon :) that song is off our new ep produced by !
Sometimes I have boring Twitter weeks, but I assure you, we'll be back to your regularly scheduled brilliance shortly.
Hm not really
i always wish i could've met my grandma, but at the same time i'm so grateful for my guardian angel. 🎀
Hasaan bought 10 screen protectors for his iPhone lol , clear and mirror ones, crazy
Now on our crazy table of deals: Bowen's Lockjaw minibust and Firestar minibust for only $30 each
Pacing in silent agony.
Tax Moonpie's in Mississippi to solve debt crisis.
So long David DeJesus! you've signed with the Cubs, and I'm sure you will bat .320, hit 20 HRs and drive in 75 RBIs.
Mane m not coming out here no more wtf !
If you have received a direct message from Renew Chicago today about "bad blogs", please delete it and do not click on the link.
New Kids On The block had a bunch of hits - Chinese food makes me sick. And I think it's fly when girls stop by for the summer." ::lfo::
It obvious your fine, but I just wanna make love to your mind
thanks babe (:
holy shit either get back together or stop tweeting about each other daily cuz we get it
The race was incredible. It was fun and very challenging.
Happy New Year. Brunch til 3p. Free shuttle to MU game. Free food at the 1/2 of the GB game. Come on down.
thank you sister:)
thank you sir! Recommend a good chill-out song to help me sleep through the usual war noises. Got AIC-Nutshell playin now.
OMG - I <3 that movie!
Mad Men in 30! There is glee in my heart.
Good luck!!
where u at bruh
Stansbury isn't jealous of Cal, he's jealous of Twany. What Ky school did he play for? Oh right...Campbellsville
Greg we are staying up stairs with Matt. And titties.
"you're everything I hoped for, you're everything I need"
Owen and I are headed to puppy kindergarten!
R.i.p. Junior Seau
Schofield is a great player!
Remember that failure is an event, not a person. - Zig Ziglar
ok i will <3
When I feel on top of my school work.... professors pile more homework, test, & projects and it's never ending! so stress #whereissummer?
&& ALL the mommies out there ! && Single daddies ! :).
check out the new mixtape from our artist K.P. While ur at it W.datpiff.com/profile/homicide112
This explains everything. RT : you *are* a fairy.
intriguing or scary?? Haha
also had a strong reaction to 's post today.
is cooking me food.
Wait, is Serena going to bang another one of Blair's boyfriends on the same bar tomorrow?
I have been rolling with pimps since I was in diapers (:. I know ! Like I miss mama gabbys' brownies .
Aye Katherine said we can go see my brotha when we get down there.
Thanks to the #ACA, 40,000 seniors in #MN05 receive preventative services at no out-of-pocket cost.
when I order a hot pink MacBook case and it comes in like a red/orange color <<<<
Vegas is for a couple of days - 3 max. After that you`re in as much of a hurry to leave as you were to get there.
any advice to help me from getting hurt when I go snowboarding next week?PLEASE REPLY! I've been trying for 2wks for you 2reply
I'm so excited for tomorrow and I can't stop smiling.
ready 4 worship @ th nursing home prayin I cn put my own feelings aside 2 minister 2day blessings
cant wait to c u 2 omh we gonna have a blast!!!
Weeks is lost at the plate. .171 from the lead off spot is killing the crew.
Who knew :: Geohumanities is a term that people actually use.
I'm sure the Masters had an amazing finish! But I didn't hav to stay n front of the television..
I don't know, I think it looks pretty sweet. The color will probably darken a bit yet.
Keys to social media games per Brian Reynolds of Zynga: play (fun), express (show success to others), invest (do things that will pay off ).
Facebook makes communicating easier with SMS, email, instant messaging, fax, smoke signals . By doing what? adding another layer! Yay!
lots of social media sites have legal issues starting up...we'll see!
GOOD MORNING DOE WORLD
I tell her about the things I see & all I learn from Twitter and it's so different from her experiences.
Can you be into fruit? Because I think I'm kind of into strawberries lately.
RT : Can you help us in AL & RT please? Homebrew Bill #HB354 may die without help....
heyy:* can u plz follow me it would be a dream come true<3
CNN and the AP reporting that Steve Jobs has died of cancer.
At #SXSW? Be sure to check out and !
#CarrotBoyPeterPan is insane! Watch! Share! www.livestream.com/globalrevolution
That is true! My eyes were blinded because of all the naked senior citizens I saw during SF pride.
I'm heading to the post office first thing in the morning!!! :)
This administration knows the way to this girls heart....presidential M&Ms!
ohh:/ does she have a Twitter?
are you still announcing your book winners on Twitter? Fingers are crossed in hopes that I win and don't miss it!!
that is an adorable picture. Enjoy the first Halloween with your son.
My mom is giving me such attitude
You owe me a car wash.
Monica, are you still located down here in FL? I'm a free agent so-to-speak also. It's still a great accomplishment by you.
A Price To Pay
Im Not Likin It :p Ima Favorite It!!
Well can't sleep worth shit...anyone want to talk? lol
She looks better with her hair like that :) Good choice :)
While most people look forward to getting off work on Fridays, we look forward to Dinner & a Movie !
What are your #Christmas plans?!
#NP "Help Me" James Fortune and FIYA
hah it's a hit. I like it
Thank you to or the delicious anniversary dinner of lobster etouffee!
violence begets violence & nothing positive comes out of stupidity and ignorance " WHAT HAPPENED TO OCCUPY YOUR MIND?
Lol I'm not good enough.
Ain't nun of u Hoez keepers! ..All you Hoez
is there anything you DO NOT hate!!!
spring. . .sprang. . .sprung!!
I have no cupcakes in my fridge and find it to be equally absurd.
RT sent me ...and we rep the AK ....and the put on for our city
I'm looking for serious, business-minded people to join my team. Contact me for more information.
Bravo MT : We sold 22,000 ebooks in our #DayAgainstDRM celebration. Not bad, considering how other pub think they need DRM..
LOL - Got an iPhone? Turn it into a virtual 'Blackberry' by enabling Airplane Mode. via
peace grits and harmony!!!!!:)))
Several different pick-up times that went out in recent email. just forwarded you the info in case.
fosho bro thank i would appreciate it...this is my email
right!? and i probably would have too...
I want to do a collaboration with someone rapping and me singing :)
What an awesome Saturday so far--Coffee and DVR!
I'm like so ready for a committed relationship but it's not looking good.
Thanks for the RT!
Percy just ate on his own for the first time in almost 30 hours. He's still having accidents but he seems... better. My poor guy.
Oh this could waste most of the afternoon. I would join you, but I just got a phone call. Great movie though. I like your taste.
don't get me wrong here folks, I love me a well placed womp.
Former #SNL writer looking for artist to create political #cartoons for #obama2012. I'll write, you draw. #p2 Pls RT to ur followers
I just slept for so many hours.
well you do 😞 you even said you did last night !
replace the OR with AND, i'm right there with you.
bleh. maybe some cous cous, the food so nice they named it twice. so pumped that i bought the emperors new groove just now btw
Firm takes on Apple, Google, over voice patent
Happy Friday, all! Do you have any plans for this weekend?
Europe is overrated. Even agrees, and he knows everything
thank you for answering. You are the Best! Get those wahoos!
We'd love to provide your breakfast tomorrow. We serve fried egg sandwiches, puns, and wordplay.
4/20/12 ya i going to smoke with my teachers
exactly and his wife has a say and has told everyone she wants to stay. He's not leaving
If your an artist send me a link to some of your work i'll peep it and give an honest opinion.
Zoiks! Sorry to hear it...
Nothing is ever lost or can be lost.
DJ txt kickin off the night
They better close this out in OT
no bike lanes now, but maybe a cycletrack next year
DJ Grimm back at Yogies tonight
“: lol” all happy
No worries, I wasn't planning on doing anything until tomorrow afternoon, so that should fit just fine. Thanks!!
I think John Elway kept Brian Xanders around just long enough to learn his job, then ousted him.
Cant wait to see you on the #KCA's !!!!!!!!! i voted for you like 100 times! #FavAussieStar <3
I don't know my parents didn't say anything so I guess I'm ok but then again parental silent treatment
who do you think you are like a celebrity no your a woman beater and i don't approve of you. oh yeah i hope wwe jumps you
awesome! Jealous. There is no Strongbow here. Also, he might want to ask the bartender if the musicians get discount taps.
gonna need backstory on new avi
they r out crying
is a wonderful, awesome tool. Megan has done a great job.Glad it was mentioned.
presenting at #edui in just a few minutes...
I did it anyway shouldn't have done it ....should of listend to her :(
thanks do much. You don't know how much this means to me<3
i wanna be baked af
Worked on a feature being shot in Charlotte this week and rehearsal for another one end of next month... plus lots of
- Best show on television!
Enjoy your party Australia, you deserve it has done you proud
because we clear the lines when the song starts. You cannot call to win before that.
If the State Journal doesn't reign him in, I'd be amazed. He's on a tirade of idiocy
Democracy is messy and free! Lock-step Republicans have created the impossible and a unsustainable future. We are #wiunion Our diversity!
well if that's the case, check us into rehab
#aims session at 8am this Saturday at SAA. Bring your pillow and blanky.
SOX: The Major League #RedSox are idle, but get your baseball fix with the #PawSox game on at 6:30 p.m. tonight.
Killing it on the twitter account all #SuperBowl long
Ah! I'm really stoked! xD You guys should come play Mario Party 8 afterwards with me haha.
she's still 2 years from driving...
going great in #sanfrancisco - amazed by the ease when I let the universe support me! How's by you?
saw it by nthe dashboard lights
Dig deep cause it'll be all gone once the big girl arrives
"Voluntourism" - volunteer tourism. That is a new term I can completely get behind!
r u going 2 the meet & greet Friday? Or will u be back from Vegas by then?
me to but I don't think I could do both
When I found out Drew Brees had won Off. POTY, I used my Toddlers & Tiaras deductive skills & hoped it was for MVP!
DAM I KNEW SME WAS GOIN ON
thanks for the follow! Good to connect w/you on here.
I need more shoes...
Your right... KANSAS ROCKS!!!
that seems to be the consensus!
i am so following on twitter!! twitter just got awesomer:)
Playoff hockey for the Amerks.
Welcome to twitter world.Best way to do business and stay in touch.
In Tuscon you can't wear pants? Isn't that law unconstitutional?
Well, the semester must be ending soon. Civil War prof is lecturing on Sherman across the hall.
I wonder if sprint is gonna give me a free week for all the calls and text that wouldn't go thru downtown this week ....
we're already past that
Question: How is it already almost midnight?!?
Great things are coming my way :-)
Your high school sounded badass. Were you focused on music there?
that's also random
“: Just finished recording vocals with .... get ready for some music in #3D :)” is taking music to a new world!
But I'm tired of being tired, Trying to love, Trying to fight, And I'm running out of tries. You're just no good.
My couch is pre-soaked in kerosene...c'mon Cats
I'm comingg deff :) like 130? Whenever u want
My in-laws should be thrilled with the Pistons pick.
could have been a yoga accident. Or a mishap at the dentist. Oh wait, British spy? Scratch the dentist angle.
Has been stuck helpin at church all day!!! get to b here at 7 am tomorrow too oh joy
Awesome news!
I heart my mom bc she put up with me in my rebellious teenage years!
I like that answer, but it is simply...for drizzle lol
i think if you aren't making mistakes because you're doing good testing, it doesn't count as pride
HAPPY MONDAY - $40 ALL TOP STRAINS - NO TAX
I am so ready for December. So ready.
Going to watch my NAHMAN REEDUS movies because I love him and because I can.
I know Slugger! LOL!!
There are well built men stripping for $$ downtown tonight. Guess that answers the question of what I'm doing tonight!
diversity is four things: representation, support, integration/inclusion, multiculturalism
Thinking about starting a paper.li for future technology but it would probably be mostly articles 8-P
Lol we still love you though!
It's never too late...
I was stuck in #suntrustmarathon traffic in 2006. I feel your pain.
Even if you are not a Potter fan, you will like the new and final Harry film. JK Rowling said no more HP. Was she JK-ing?
Want to know the exhibit hours for ?
Its a girl ;)
pretty much on the other side of the country :/ I live in Spring Hill, Florida
Thanks! Look forward to reading your Tweets.
it really irritates me how inconsistent the NHL is on suspensions
Shooting some at-home auditions with a friend, workshops, then working on … excited!!!
i reaaallly wanna try samoa cookies.
if you need new boots please call us at jcwesterwear in florida
I will take a picture of the REAL Jurassic park for you today haha
Health Club > Night Club
Law of Success #6: Enthusiasm. Foundation of Pleasing Personality. – Napoleon Hill. Next law in 4 hours.
growin a beard and shavin my head
What do you think of Facebook Timeline?
By pitching a story with a bit of controversy, it will be more of a hard news story and will probably play higher in the newscast.
actually managed to have a real lunch date today! and I dined al fresco in Bryant Park. No ice skating yet...
I'm glad Kansas made it interesting at the end...Kentucky is too good...as much as I didn't want them to win..there is a lot to like abt ken
Breaking Point on the CW looks good.
Few things are more sublimely perfect than chocolate almond custard from
Trainer left a month early & I'm bikini bound in 2 weeks. Plus, just realized that my pants are see-through
Sometimes you just wish that someone saw greatness in you.
Perspective Magic!
I feel the pressure, under more scrutiny, and what I do, act more foolishly.
Watching #gersonmiracle doc. EVERYONE needs to see this!!! So serious about juicing now!
« "i QUiT ELEMENTARY SCHOOL BECAUSE THEY HAD RECESS ..... THATS HOW MUCH i DONT PLAY GAMES" - RiFF RAFF»
this weekend is crazy. Next weekend sat or sun. U guys choose. Open session during the day.
Prepping my #UPCEAmktg presentation for this afternoon - excited to share non-credit data and insight from #USF!
Me and are back in the A
I wish I knew how to whistle!
How late are y'all staying?
lol! Hey I'm an 80s baby!
We are closed today (11/2/11) to show our support for the occupy movement.
"We are encouraged to look only so we can then close our eyes."
It feels good to wake up to a 9 and 0 team I'm loving it.
i can never yell at my dog, he always makes me feel so bad. no wonder he gets away with everything!
Nope. xD my friend kyle that lives down the street.
Just got the best crawfish (seafood) soup at the Nora Whole Foods Market, its really good, wish i got more
I can't make you love me if you don't....that's my record
I change the song after 2Chainz's verse on SuperFreak...sorry Jeezy
yea but it was crazy like everybody was looking at each other with a look on their face like did that actually just happen
Hi Allison! Sorry for the late response.. we'll forward your msg to her!
Where is the best place to hide a dead body you ask? Why on the second page of a Google search result of course!
ha! yeah. that.
Thanks for the RT Dylan!
text me ill see u at schooll bye *I Love Aaron*
what would your latest one read?
Might have to plan a three-night vacation to Key West in August!
saw a flashing sign at Burger King that read "Thank you Jesus!" Did Joel Osteen buy out Burger King?
Planning tomorrow? Join Cathy De Rosa, 10:30am-12, Convention Center, C155, in convo about the future and public libraries.
okeei but i follow justn and he's me not
Palin's Revere reversal and Anthony's Weiner rain santorum on Santorum's parade.
Sounds like ultimate win. Yum animal cookies in peanut butter.
KARAOKE tonight at The Milwaukee Ale House with Robby Pinstripes, a chance to try our new Mobile Song Book, and a chance to win $60
But that's still freaking cool . Was it like a shoutout?
You should have been Verified on here by now! Have a good weekend
Go google me Delly Dee
that's an open ended question, lol! But the drawing was priceless!
Hey Half Pint!!!
woops! - typing too fast. thanx for the follow!
Most recently was Dante's Inferno... but I was in hell so no one cared RT: Which video game most brings out your need to swear?
We voted for your idea in the #PepsiRefresh challenge. Mira la nuestra: refresheverything.com/gala
hahahahahha did you txt him?
At Embed Yourself. Always make me think of ticks.
Talkin 2 babydaddy, he was shock, no kids on a Monday and chillin, thank u 4 the break. Lord
#ItsCrazyHow someone can go from caring about you to acting like you never meant anything to them.
May our children grow strong and creative! Peace to my community. May you be somewhere enjoying BESTO PESTO, chef Toussaint
So I'm about to attempt to make #caramel without a candy thermometer. Any advice?
I know! This rain is good when you can be at home.. Thank you for your support
COMING IN JULY: "Smile, Hon, You're in Baltimore!" No. 14...
I want to retweet your taco bell, but I can't.
That was fun.Weighed in at 107,got 2 eat more.Pool was fair,lots of chlorine.Eyes might fall out but I will have a firm ass lol.SHOPPING NOW
Dont call my phone just to hear yourself argue with me or start up an argument -__-
I think I scare most men. Im not complaining... most men annoy me :)
Really? Makes sense, but I would have thought he;d want to get out. Also thought I've seen video of him at some.
Done in 15 pages.
Men gossip more than females
Alphas King Memorial Celebration not deterred by Irene. The sun shined brightly. My line @ Beta, MLK 19.
I'm happy to see that decent liberals, like #EricBoehlert, #JoshMarshall, and
Great blog. Sounds like you have a lot of things going on. I'm sending a review request. Congrats on all your achievements.
Really!? So Sanchez vs. Tebow in a #QBcontroversy? “: Breaking News: has been traded to ”
The problem is the whole FRA phenomenon. Just a chick who goes to games. Not even worth talking about.
please eat!!!!
Ask me about my new opportunity! Spring time is the time of change. Let me help you!
he kills everything on that mixtape.
Good luck!!
Yep. It's part of the registration process.
Just cuz im wierd& i get some m:p jk
The Tel Aviv beach party has started!! Head on over! It's off 4th & Neches. We'll see you here!
I wish I could shop online, haha with my fat ass you never know what's gonna fit and what isnt!
hi Kitty! You're super cute :)
Reminder of our meeting tonight in BH 139 at 5:45! Bring your bracelet money and see you there!!
Falk party filling up at the Edgewater. Tons of press, maybe 100-200 people.
Big shout out to This is going to be the best experience of my life! You are
hahaha and I'm guessing your dad helped you?!
i love looking through old pictures. #socute . what happened?
think of it as double the fun. Milwaukee beer week was rough on my liver.
Thurs. cask is 2011 Decadence. Maple Smoked Barleywine. Won't want to miss this one! $2 until 5:30, +$1 each hour.
Hand raised! (And the hands of my little people too.) :0)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 MY BESTEST FRIEND REBECCA WARREN! HOPE SHE HAS A BLESSED DAY.
A2: Company career pages should engage with candidates...but treat those tweets like your interviewing!
Pretty excited about today's #knit crash course
I'll Be Off At 7....If Not Thurs Then Friday?
God bless all the families that lost loved ones ten years ago today....
Is my teacher really playing Justin Beiber in class right now?
i am so borad
Hung on well despite a pretty nasty schedule so far. Could be a very real possibility!
With the new online auction, you can decide the price you want to pay for surgery just by bidding and participating
It's crazy how the girl I thought was weird in 4th grade, is now my bestfriend, she's practically my sister, Who would have known. <3.
BROKE NIGGAS BEEF REAL NIGGAS EAT
I told myself if I slept in 30mins that I won't be doing FB or Twitter. Well, I guess we know that was a failure...
It really is scary, I hope that people truly begin to see the dangers. I am so sad for all involved.
They're calling typewriters analog laptops now? How about tPads?
Hanging out w/ at the Singles Only Party at Winners
hey sunshine....smooches
I never read "Where The Wild Things Are".
DON'T TEXT ME, PLEASE! My phone's battery is fucked up and won't even fit in my phone anymore :P
email me what u have so far and ill take a look at it! :) This years Miss Usa Pageant is going to be AMAZING!
Um... Guess who is in my Crisis Com class! HAHAHA
Mad people hung over at church today lol
aw looks so excited! Hehe
#somepeopleshould take a hint
sorry im 2 hours late
take a short vacation lexie u'll be okayy....
I can't wait
yes. Yes it is. But enjoy the introduction video with Ed Bradley once you get there.
M....vodka cran
An accredited online MBA degree will carry significant value in any organization's hiring and career advancement decisions.
I support traditional marriage, but vote against amendment one
Today my youngest brother turns 30! 3. 0. I told him this makes him old and he said - correctly - that it makes me even older.
I Need You Right Now. I Don't Need Us To Bump Heads.
Fun is a good thingRT : ... And thanks for having gluten free pizza! This means can join in the fun! :-)
Check out Netspeed Learning Booth 825. BEST webinars & virtual T in the business! Cynthia Clay is a gem!
Do you think Marshmellow sex is hot?
went riding today with friends... awesome time in the sun! =) <3 Summer time is coming finally!!!
#amigosplots down.. But enjoying coffee, tea & stuff from goody box
I'd like to see Anderson Cooper in Walmart. Pick up a New Years gift for Kathy G.
Does anyone remember getting a major headache when you changed your way of eating? How did you solve it?
Five fingers to the face
Apparently you aren't familiar with the last 20 years. 4 Stanley Cups, an NBA 'ship, and a World Series appearance for the
Wednesdays are like Mondays in the middle of the week! ~Lee Fox Williams
is enjoying a #PBR aka pizza I share with my pug :) and I'm watching Great #PGA #Golf =
I put a lot of time and thought into that had to make sure it all fit
thans for follows
yeah everythangs good...
don't worry i'm random too haha
are you doing anything fun for Halloween?
"This is a lot better than Maryland"
true...didn't seem like they were doing a very good job of matching :P
RT Want to learn about when to have the same design on different screens? Be here in half an hour.
no I guess <3
#MyGoals - Run a marathon.
Cannot stop thinking about big theater projects coming soon, hope you guys support them and absolutely love them!
Ready for another #007Chatter post? Well it's coming in a jiffy, just as the first #Skyfall teaser poster debuts :D
Alright, light, space, color...all relative. Why no Kinkade in collex? Too rich for HH blood? You can get 'em at the mall. :0)
no there will be other times :)
Heading out to see the Blake Show, CP3 and the boys kick some Memphis ass with
1. What's a better jam, Twinkle Twinkle Little Star or the ABCs song? 2. Which came first?
And its hella hot upstairs ugh
Sure did! We're famous!
I can't wait to see you either!!
I really need things to turn in my favor, cuz #LordKnows the situation I'm in needs to
HARE RAM HARE RAM HARE KRISHNA HAREREM*
& Spyda said get up w/ him....
God damn it
Become a member at www.spiritflowtv.com Its a faith based social network. Cool place to network, meet friends and blog
UGH- am i am bad communicator or a poor listener?
My point. Say what you want. Who cares. Don't be shocked when they say "stick to sports" After all, that's why they follow U.
Will you be appointed Secretary of Beer soon? I think we could use that.
Hm...well seeing some of the tweets from Canucks fans...yeah I still hate them more
#IAm Perfect.......In Christ!
Hey, thanks for that shoutout, yo.
RT : RT :Getting Your Apps in App Stores: Announcing the Mobile Platform Development Webinar Series!...
Jeff Bezos: you need to have a firm grip of the obvious. Higher education in liberal arts focuses your attention elsewhere, gotta unlearn.
Yea We Bacc Up An Runn Good Am Family!
haha. I gonna hold off for now! good luck my man. ok hope its a good series.
Romney still strong, Huntsman needs a 2nd look, Santorum is similar to W, Paul is crazy, Newt is phony, and Perry shows too little too late.
The reason I ask, is my hair is in need of a haircut/ I am in need of a better comp card photo.
put some socks on
Thirty two/ Va/ Beavis and Butthead told me to :)
Last year Imported from Detroit rocked. This year Detroit export puts on Superbowl halftime extravaganza. Not a bad run ...
Cute things...on America TeVe!
He was fine by Sunday night, so hopefully I'll feel better in the AM. At least I'm in bed and not on the floor. G'night all.
hates working in live switchgear
keep trying to get people to come id love for a lot of people to see it and maybe hopefully she will see it
Yeah buddy! Tomorrow is turkey, touchdowns and thanks day. What's your favorite thing about #Thanksgiving day?
Not what I said.
love that this series exists. pumped for the rest. Collaboratively Speaking
Tonight is the night !!! Make sure you get your ass to amped tonight sand show ur live fir Die as you fall!!!
At Geisha(:
..Im bout to scrap all this social networking shit & live peacefully wit my guy & small circle of quality friends
PACERS BABY!!!!
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS... LMAO #RETWEET #FOLLOWBACK POW!!! 1
#BecauseofObama there will be alot more Grooms cakes sold
mom got ice cream
My girlfriend, , in reference to how bad Mark Reynolds is "I bet him and Kevin Gregg are best buddies"...I love my woman
Yes please! RT B.O.D. Apple Bacon Crusted All Natural Chicken Burger w/ Aged Gruyere, Sausage Gravy and an Over Easy Egg.
he got it
Darn u got me jones'ing for a 3deck grilled cheeser right now. Any1 not been here on Lincoln Rd needs 2 GO!
It's better than cell phone usage, promise! ;)
Having a bike may not help everyday but would be cool :)
Coolest day in Texas for the next week is 98 degrees... Yay.
LOL. Chang it. You're too young to be dejected.
o0o chic c'est la vie!
When your BEESSSSTTT guy friend in the whole world starts completely ignoring you <<<<<<<
...I don't feel like going! lol... but I can only stay til 2 anyway, so hopefully it'll go by quickly.
Filling out forms and more forms. TGIF and TGI'm almost done!!! :)))
happy star wars day! may the fourth be with you! :)
thanks for the follow.. when I google me.. I find ur stuff too cz of the BridgeZ... keep doing ur thing !
Lyla! Can't beat that.
The highest of highs outweigh the lowest of lows
hates crappy service. and this place sucks.
I really hope it doesnt rain 'till i get home 'cause I don't know how to turn my windshield wipers on.
If Rihanna wasn't alive 93% of the songs on the radio would be different.
Just saw this - I was on a roadtrip for a shoot - thanks for posting. You heading back for the holidays?
A BIKE COP? I need to be home.
Better fix that!
When in Madison...
Correct call!
is that the rule?
Regret (n) I trade my #Rickenbacker 4001 for romance, now her deep treble resonance rattles my soul
Follow Friday << Young & Gifted creators
you give amazing tweets.
Honestly can't get enough of watching
I hate bad weather
Cereal Takeover: Chinese Firm Buys Weetabix
lol. That was intense XD at least the part that I wuz there for
So people actually use this YOLO phrase eh? And its not ironic?
He's right though.....1am is just too late. I feel that way now that NFL ends at midnight on Sun/Mon re: Herd
Need sleep 🙇💤
Happy Birthday to and I love you guys!!! Hope your day was fantastic:-)
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
Waking up to your beautiful face every morning would be such a blessing.
also I have Kansas on my bracket.
Only paying attention to the ones that matter you know who you are<3 :*
No longer going to text back. -_-
Clouds of poison gas, and earthquakes.
*answers phone* ahh what's up r.kelly mah nigga?
hit me with I heard you keep it in the freezer, on the phone with black now
C.R.E.A.M get the money
PORTLAND!!!! we can go from seapunk to icepunk in only a 3 hour drive here
i guess i'll wait for the cool greys!
Sunning myself today, fleetingly, between obligations, like the palest lizard in Chicago.
How do you know when you're in for a long night? ... Your bosses order food for the entire office.
As a long time loyal customer I'm really unimpressed with the new United (old Continental) website. It's so bad.
Leavin Universal Studios Universal City Walk frm Movies finally c n THNKLIKEAMAN i dnt usually Watch Movies bt i Supprt PHILLY
How about love us some San Antonio??? We love us some Texas!
I know! I'm sorry. I forgot to say bye yesterday lol well, goodbye Alex :) I already miss you!
Happy Easter!
lol what friend? That was a movie.
Ew. I just saw a legit Cold Stone commercial. That brings back nightmares.
that's where we were! Awesome place! I loved it! Thanks for the tip! <3
my effin stomach itches ?
a stick of butter with the word Store on it would look way cool
u gotta get on the computer an link fb to twitter
First day of my new job!
Robert Carlyle's evil Rumplestiltskin giggle kills me.
A+ sister
My butt is falling asleep
please follow she is you biggest fan!98
"The Most Painful Is To Love Someone And Never Find The Courage To Let The Person Know How You Feel.”
i will boo ;)
Who we got winning tonight? I'm thinking the Mavericks knock this one out!
If #MiamiHeat the Boss the East coast Fans think they are, Mr. James will pull up a 3 and Overtime we go???
I think that most adolescent guys are disappointments so I go for famous people cuz if you don't meet them, you can't be disappointed.
RAWR is exactly what I was thinking.
Let him open your mind before he opens your Legs. The bond usually lasts longer.
thanks bro! Miss u!
Why do teachers think they have the right to tell me what to do!!!!!!
Hi how are you? :)
omg I fucking hate you.
These allergies are killing me #hatebeingsick😷
same here..
Got 2 of 's books for Christmas! Can't wait to read & be inspired!
#FF - my incredibly talented friend from college... need a girl with some soul? ask her to sing you something... :)
Not news: is a total class act
I really didn't like the way she jokingly blasted all of my business but at least God knows I was honest
Walking pass someone while they watch tv n they didnt even notice lol
RT : HISTORY WAS MADE LAST NIGHT ! Q45 is the first DJ to Play for both #1 stations!
Love you!
we design them and had print them.
"turn around bright eyes" #thatisall (lovely to see you on here, friend)
If you like college sports, follow He lives in TN and always has something good to say.
The Ring of Fire!
balls deep tho?
It has been a very productive day & wonderful night.....now I need mucho sleep =D
Never to early to start working for it!!! I'm ALL OVER that!!! =)) Thanks so much for all your support!!!
US Airways, American Airlines merger would mean higher prices
What would you do if i told you that a la la la la la laa!! ~ The Cab <3
but yeah.. Umm good beer over Smirnoff any day
I literally have nothing to do. Nothing. This week of school is a joke.
fuck off, I love
Honey badger don't care...
hanging by the moment
you won't break 100 ... Chop.
#chartership Hello. Late & still at work but am trying to follow. Lots of useful tips so far :)
Now we know that is called self defense RT : I always thought that picking up a gun and following someone was premeditation
Are you a fully converted dig comic reader?
We doing ur azz on sight!!!!
Purchased my new car. A fiat 500c who I have named Bella.
Issue 107: , & The Kitchen Rest., lineup, local bands , Inversions, G.Green + more!
how long are you in cleveland for?
Kia exec talked so long the players literally cannot stand up any longer. Nadal actually leaning on net...And here come the chairs.
Guess you can graduate ;) MT Thanking my fave #librarian you've taught me so much, like where the books & movies are ;)
-- Is he a junior?
thats how i like it boi
Thanks for the RT !
Claude Bernard~ Man can learn nothing unless he proceeds from the known to the unknown.
Whats up #twitter long time no tweet!
Agree RT think etiquette & tone are different? < etiquette should still apply tone may be different
“: "I now pronounce you husband and wife, the bride may kiss me now."” lol
12 minutes left >
your welcome! (:
It would be cool if #Apple bought
it's the Gemini inside sorry. ;)
AV the tweeting machine
RT I just sent u a drop. i couldn't find any acapellas from songs with "Atown" in it..
hey! Been a huge fan forever :) #askshane what's your favorite flavor of ice cream, sherbet, sorbet, or frozen deliciousness?
He'll have his college TE to throw to, so that should help. We should be able to at least double our win total from last year! ;)
Nagging feeling I made appt to meet someone Sat pm at #alamw12 but not in calendar. After meet that is.
i really wanna be appart of the STA track team again
hey follow me so i can DM u :D
Failed as parent-my 7yo voted McCain-after saying he was 4 Obama 'cos a kid said Obama would mean exams at school each day, oy
11.5 - 11.9.1941: 5000 Gypsies (Roma/Sinti) are deported to the Lodz ghetto; they are gassed to death at Chelmno two months later.
I give good love ill buy your clothes ill cook your dinner to soon as i get home from work.......I give good
Thank you to Zona salon in Hingham for hosting a party for "Boston: Inspirational Women" last night. w/ and
Can anyone smell the syrup form house? Wanna go get some pancakes with Eric?
You cant blame the world for your lack of success, your future is up to you
hey! It was great! How was yours?? (:
My luck!!!! Lol
is remodeling the office. The office is looking great, but the hallways to get into the office are another story. Lol
Thanks for the follows!
same to you. I wish u all d best
Starting to think chivalry doesn't exist anymore
's brothe met today .. OKAY IM JEALOUS.
We need more journalists like you. Kudos 4 taking guest 2 task on "bombshell video." 2 often, no one calls them on the lies
Xbox 360 or ps3?
I Feel Like Crying, Screaming, Yelling, Curse Somebody Out And Hitting A Bitch In The Face!
It takes little effort to make a girl smile and just feel appreciated, so take time to just do something nice and watch the nagging stop!
Stranger opened the door for me at work, said: "Every day is Be Nice to Someone Day."
hahahaha I can so imagine that
Ack, all these public flock thank yous are bogging down my feed. DM the new followers merhaps?
You're beautifuller ( :
Yes, and judges cannot make decisions based on an unequal history of discrimination against Autistic disabled people.
Excited for #PLENRWL call now with Marie Wilson, Founder of a truly inspirational woman who has opened doors for us all
Thank you... the photographer really knows how to capture a great pic =]
I need some retail therapy shopping immediately!
okay thank u!:) and my cousin saw some of your blogs and she luvved it:)
Finally headed to the south side and it looks like it's going to rain
WHAT UNICORN IS YOUR SISTER X?
lmao when yall coming to the north
Coach, I'll holla at you tonight at the game bro!!!
So it's official -- Pandawinks Diaper Cakery is now an official business -- taxes to pay and all!
Dads do not give the fight to protect your kids from an abusive bio-mom. Go through the courts, present proof. My proof was overwhelming.
I'm not comparing, I'm saying that's him....
I'm late for Archer. I'm might cry a little.
I like Danilo Gallinari's game a lot
I am so entering the Zions Bank home contest (and I never enter contests!) Good idea!
morning Alex, lol you just woke me up ! (:
Come on guys I reached my following limit so I need all of you to get me more followers so I can follow everyone back!
my dad needs to give me my car back. i am not taking the bus to work tomorrow.
Look what you've done.
Thanks for stopping last night! Hope you enjoyed your night with us!
I love that quote!
lmao I see that guy all the time too!
If less than 50% of ALA accredited schools have recognized archives programs, is it *really* a useful metric for archives job searches?
Didn't feel like going out for 3 miles today; thankfully invited me out. Taft came along too. He went faster than us
Iggy is so damn pretty .
Only would have different colors for his cast to match his outfits! Hahahaha
Our leaders certainly seem to pick a variable or two. Seems that we aren't doing enough to engage parents. (1/2)
Which part?
#cara student Ronnie V. secured a position at as a Customer Service Associate! 50 of 301!!!
thanks. You're awesome
RT : Happy resurrection day :) may Jesus' love keep you happy 🙏 ~ Wishing you #Peace & #Love , May today be a blessing!
I really enjoy Twitter! Never know what is "around the corner" ! Lovin' it! really! Lovin' my Tweeps!
So its been proven that is the best & has pretty hair & that I like balls. (:
Happy Halloween ghosts & ghouls! It's my favorite holiday!!! Totally going to watch Hocus Pocus & The Legend of Sleepy Hollow tonight, xx
I mean SMH .No ..1ever tells U that as ( The Boss ) U have not only put up with Ppls Ish.. But U will be faced with a Mountain of Ish daily
Of course I will (:
the wife is watching glee. my favorite part of every episode is the part right after the closing credits
~ I am very sorry to hear:( My Condolences and safe travels.. xoxo
Follow back please :)
wow noones on twitter
the day that you find me up and running
I look forward to it!!
« You niggas need to get a clue.»
OMG....OMG....What have you done...is that what you were looking for? Not :)
get with it, son! Its called sunscreen!
Far Out Fiction featuring Chuck Klosterman, Gregory Maguire, Kate Beaton, and Karen Russell!
Get it gurrrrl
We need sponsors! www.hopeforfirefighters.org
Client, upon being assigned to an attorney for #probono: "A woman lawyer? That's so great!" Just in time for the O'Connor Awards
My mom wants me to drive half way home smh I don't have time
iwant to go home...
In need of audition matierial a pint of icecream n a back massage
RT : #HEATfam : 2nd That RT Always excited to see my dude getting some shine......
Dang! You in the shop that late!
I can't believe I'm missing the #Yankees #HomeOpener today. Go #Yanks!
k thank u beach Luv u miss u call me lol
And I am the only one in my train car... Creepy.
This little road tip is about over.
Beware the ides of March. But like seriously, thats real.
Thank you :)
SOLD OUT! of Sylvia has a Problem limited edition skateboard by
Jus woke up ugh tired af follow me tho n n ill follow bak>>>
Wait, did really tweet that? So very much dumber than advertised.
Thanks You'll have to plan a trip up. If only there was #highspeedrail CHI to MPLS!
I literally just unfollowed you earlier (just for being a general DB) but after that now I have to follow you again.
Pura Vida - nice article! It's a beautiful country - it just has become a bit too commercial over the years for my taste
I'll be on pottermore while all of you are at school
try I Understand by Sloan - Canada's premier powerpopsters
Q8 Biscuits and gravy, baby! Fresh homemade biscuits! Scrambled eggs and hash browns!
FOUND IT LOOOOOL
Yes!!!! RT : Yep! Watch out music city! Here I come! Haha! I think I might have some tix for you ;)
merry all of them!
www.mikecurtisfootball.com/hof-campaign-fan-letter.html Go to link & support Mike Curtis for induction into the Pro-Football Hall Of Fame
can't wait! :D
Working on comprehensive novice to expert learning solution; assessments, blended training, structured OJT, mentoring; so rare, am grateful.
I have to assume that corn tortillas are completely in love with me, the way they always fall apart in my hands.
so does that mean you think it is time for a Howard The Duck prequel? He hasn't retouched that yet.
come on down I'll definitely be in till 3 or I can meet you somewhere after that.
RT Hey POTUS if ur coming to the studios use the doors on the side..the revolving ones r locked.
RT : When everything I've read from you has sucked, your chiding authors to write faster cuts a poor impression. // A-fscking-men
You looked stupid until you opened your mouth. Now you look 10x stupider.
#20ThingsAboutMe I think Pretty Boys are effing hot. c:
I tried Skyrim with Kinect voice commands. Had to print a key sheet off just to reference. Not as simple as Mass Effect 3, but still cool.
1 definition of DISCONNECTED CULTURE-When the SAXOPHONE TEACHER can't afford the Selmer SAX that their spoiled students parents buy them.lol
Im actually back in #LA now but had a great time in #Vegas. I play keyboards & piano. How bout u?
Lol yup! RT : #YouKnowItsRealWhen ...your mother calls u by your first, middle ,and last name!!! Awww shit!!{•~•}
The other day u had 102 followers but now u have 100.
Are you surprised??
Happy new year friends!
Thanks! I could say the same about your background!
it's not just getting those high level recruits on campus. It's about maximizing their potential quickly and thats all cal
We don't want bcr always to be such a sausagefest but here it is. We need ideas to change it.
seems to me that #GooglePlus is the inverse of Twitter: in T, you choose who you send to, and in G+, you choose who you follow.
I did have my iPhone w/ me, so it wasn't a total computer/web detox.
With the advent of increased data storage and bandwidth, it kind of renders the point of compressed music moot.
Follow Me Please!? 26
hopefully it will be a good Christmas this year
He is. :3 His eyes are my weakness. Like pools of perfect blue or something. :'D
En Vogue's "Don't Go"....man, shhhhhiii
lol i really have! Look we can't do much it is in rural PA. It would be like if I went to Cumberland MD
No matter how hard I try, I'll never be able to look at you and pretend to feel nothing.
#madmen Leland Palmer!
- Yeah, it's good inspirational stuff.
Amen to that !RT : Life is too good to waste your time thinking about someone who doesn't treat you right.
Finally the officials can see correctly!
Heck, wanna start with a bang, #Toonami? Let your first movie be HUGE, like Evangelion 1.11, Gurren Lagann, or maybe...Red Line?
Thanks so much!!!!
: And more importantly, love people for WHO they are. #nohate #nojudgement #nocondemnation *salutes the roman empire*
I'm sorry to hear that! Be well.
haha I miss u
Seek advice from the experts. Find a coach or a mentor.
Temp , Fade (&&) Braids At The Same Damn Time Lmaooooo'
thank you.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness wanting what you get !
Its 2 here. I guess so. Early morning to you too :)
Looks great! RT : Please check out our updated Twitter Page
People and their fucking attitude problems, I swear. ):<
Not getting what i wish for
Or if you need to break a losing streak.
O Duke Donald of the Dark
Please see this Sunday's Sun Sentinel. JFG students Middle School are featured for their participation in the SoleCial project.
Sometimes when I think about you for no reason if your thinking about me to <3
Staff retention should be on the minds of every agency principal this year. Really every year though.
Thanks for following:) <3
Who Else Needs A Fake ID?
so hepped up on multiple iced teas, driving back to Bmore.
Just as I thought I knew it from the moment I saw you are a fucking unbalanced disaster it's official....
France is the home of the baguette, that savory, crisp staple of a fabled gastronomy.
Tonight was such an amazing night! I met jaja, and emilio! Love the choreos! It was really chalenging! :D
na mate just watch the ticker online whilst I work. The mega millions could have solved this problem. Haha
I hear ya. It took a challenge from a colleague to get me to blog three of the ideas that have been rattling around in my head.
How's about April 12 or 13?
Nba players should start a bounty program to take lebron out lol.
I've been asking myself this question for the last two years
SO cute.
Lights just went out at chilis....
yea I watched the news
she actually looks like a lil version of you aww :)
That awkward moment when someone tells me that me & him should go out. & I'm just like " I wish".
"It is often hard to distinguish between the hard knocks in life and those of opportunity."
Didn't win the drawing for opening day #Marlins tickets. I'm going to go sit in a corner and cry now.
Chris Paul
Get on the list start winning and not paying your man. May will be even better than April and April was great
When I get dress,iget fresh!
Merry Christmas to everone♥ Lots of love, hugs, and kisses from me to you(:
what are you up to tonight?
so cute! You've got a great little guy! <3 him
When I was a little girl, my grandma would hide chocolate eggs all along her hedge for us to find at Easter. Grandmas make childhood magical
How to be 100% SUCCESSFUL...believe that everything you do is a success!
Steve is even more of a no brainer
awesome thanks! favorite one so far: "sloshed on sangria" :]
Hello, Gmail?
Getting ready to go to an electronic records conference.
u mean my money lol
Why am I sometimes the only one that has to point out that pinche elephant in the room?
done followed
HOPINN TAMMY TAKE ALL DAY TO DO HA TEST. AINT TRYNA GO IN SCIENCE...LOW KEY DOE!
Thanks! The space needle's top is now painted orange in honor of its original color (50th Anniversary)
Ask Sen. Taylor why she voted yes for WI Concealed Carry law. Thanks!
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant. Robert Louis Stevenson
keep looking and maybe youll find me... message me
definitely interested, please keep in touch on it
": Nothing like blowing out a rim on the belt parkway in Flatbush bk and waiting 2 hours for a tow truck"ask tha brothas for help
RT “ I dont need to prove myself to NONE!”
Helping my boys bake a cake for Mother's Day. Egg shells are safe to eat if cooked thoroughly, right?
ur phone is here at our crib. Tom will be home in a bit
I really hope follow me im so in love with him he so cut im jammin to his song kiesha right now 😍😘🎧
Can't wait to drive to Nashville for the Alabama Shakes and Jack White concert! Definitely making a stop at too
We're just Texas. Born and raised.
My horoscope is dead on as always #teamlibra. friendship is important to me & I'll never turn my back on my friends
you wore this on 16&pregnant!
Yeah, I figured you were that cool. I'll be posting more book-centered links. Stay tuned.
I'm pimpin pimpin bitches till the end
Listenin to music in the morning and having the one song in your head for the rest of the day -___-
have the weirdest feeling that somethings gonna happen
Ohio bound!
Writing an annotated bibliography, lalala.
...let it rain over me...
Very wonderful, indeed!
Vegas hotel screwed up Tammy's reservation, so they gave her an awesome upgrade! How have you been upgraded? 619-570-1973
Marie De Vichy-Chaconne~ It is only the first step that is difficult.
I shan't!
Last weekend was very busy at the Clam Cannery. We held our first wedding. The weather was perfect and we should have pictures soon.
#ideachats Geek is the new black!
aw well thank you but I'm definitely the lucky one
Smell in my classroom is a combination of dead Mickey and dead Sebastian. So glad there was a crab feast on the day the rodent died
😱 Earth Day is coming up!
": Pavel Pogrebnyak looks like a henchman in a Bond film. Dude looks hard as nails." Hahaha. Best tweet of my week. Nicely done.
Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
": "I wasn't that drunk." ... "Dude, you washed your hands in the toilet and peed in the sink.""
good luck lol
God wants us to love Him so much that any other love we have pales in comparison.
Thrilled to have just accepted position with #semesteratsea Fall 2011 voyage.
american idol had the best show tonight, JOSHUA blow the roof off im sorry, he killed No More Drama!!!
Is in the salon...
Like forreal, I'm doing ME
“: Another night full of entertainment brought by the Garcias of course!  ”> that's us! Entertaining
Lovely pic. I miss NYC. Love your Mom's reflections. I'm reading your book. Most inspiring and helpful.
I love it! lol!
Adams Ave Roots Festival April 25-26. Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar is Open. Many beer & wine deals
Thanks for the follow...following you too...
Wow, just wow. Hats off to #Chelsea, really held up against all odds. Now to see #Bayern through for Robben vs. his old club!
I certainly hope not.
cool pic - you know all the celebs :)
agreed... first one i could understand to a point being a mistake... second one was intentional
First morning back from vacation, I missed my bed, slept in big time! Going for a run now to try & lose the extra weight I gained!
marrying a man that can! (Cook that is!)
Dear Wisconsin: eating remarkable fried cheese curds @ an OH Jersey Cow farm. Better up your game if you still want to be Cheese Curds State
We've got some funny followers! Check out the joke just posted for us: "What do you all a cow who's just given birth?"
Lunch with old friends for my girl's bday, skyline 2nite with the usual crew... not a bad tuesday!
After a long day and thinking I'm come to the conclusion to just charge it to the game and move on let the past be the past
The boss lady! Follow her!
Clutch goal for the US before end of the 2nd period. Can't lose to Belarus.
um YUM! Seriously. Yum. I'm thirsty now.. and I think my lips are chapped. ;)
will you ever notice me? <3
I need a battery cover like asap
Just Tapped: Russian River/Avery "Collaboration Not Litigation".
Adding to my list now...
I love it how I think theres no way u could be a bigger douchebag, then u go ahead & prove me wrong. Way to keep surprising me!!
Well I hope you had a little time for play... less work. :o)
“: haha. I did it on purpose. :)” yeah wasn't sure if it was on purpose or not.. Wonder how many people caught it..
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?^.^ please???
Getting people to follow instructions ... Its the bane of a managers existence
I love it when you tweet!!
loved skypeing for 2 hours today. I miss you so much!
The unread story is not a story; it is little black marks on wood pulp. The reader, reading it, makes it live…a story.
RT : Life is like water. We want to hold it in our hands, But it flows through our fingers. Make everyday count! ツ
Tuesday lunch rager with my boy Will from Now off to drop the new issue of !
I think all those other things have to come first.
true...u got me. lol
That's the CHURCH NURSE!
#cara student Willie H. just secured a position at Cleanslate as a Special Projects Associate! 44 of 310!!
I miss 08!.. Dat was our year!..
hope you feel better:)
There is a reason why I don't like girls, perfect example is you
So, I'm thinking about organizing a Charismatic group in church! :D but I need to talk to the priest first lol
I'm just getting home.
Happy Birthday to my good friend Wes Gilder! Ready to fest at "Wesfest" tonight!
Lack Of Communication Skills???
Ah!!! What to do what to do
we like the sound of that - RT :
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: Interpret This! Fort Ross Education programs and interpretive association.
Doing a tour with Art Institute students! So many great questions!
it was fantastic to finally catch up at #socon12!!
So word is getting around about us now...are you helping?
: sometimes I have to call on my Latina sisters like Deb ( ) -- Yeah, me too :)
So true, but some way more than others!
Getting back in the gym tomorrow. Cant wait
"Thank you Shawn Michaels, you will be missed!"
My source tells me Ryan Braun will either be suspended or exonerated.
I haven't changed that in like 3 years haha why were you looking at it creepy stalker guy.
TriCaster was shown on camera during Celebrity Apprentice last night! Thanks to Adam Carolla for giving NewTek some love!!
do I remember correctly you posting a pic of a "sexy sax man" recently? Is he local? I think he was just on tv.
New on our liquor tree this week: Three Olives Loopy & Super Cola. Come experiment...all of the other college kids are doing it!
Being so nauseated & weak <<<
Yeah no kidding!
With over 20 years of experience under our belts we understand what it takes to make your rental properties profitable.
“: Blue eyed people study better & Get better grades than Brown eyed people.” <<<<heck yea!
We got our tickets to see and on June 22 in NJ! So excited! It's also my birthday that day! :D
I just stumbled across your website today. Its gorgeous, great set up :)
Thanks - just what I needed! RT Congrats, Liz Koslov, you've won free coffee for a week!
Interesting 1st half. Let's go Lake Show!
I'll be there on the webcast from New Jersey...Katie Hall will be there in the flesh...I guess I will too, on video screen!
everyone go follow . he only needs 8 more followers until 300. i wont stop tweeting until he gets there. 10
Thank you very much! I have to thank the designers at Penguin and Crown for the covers!
Yes. I'm riding the Amtrak to Chicago. We've been stopped for about 15 minutes.
Any chance of Tebow going to the Titans?
i need to leave
Happy Easter!
Friday has finally arrived! Will you be saving money using coupons on all those things you're buying this weekend?
My daughters have the best step-mom in the world, thanks
Day (3) done. Dead tired.
When does illegal mean illegal to our government? The government should not be cutting checks to people who are in the country illegally.
Again it isn't horizon of life
Im a be up all night now
you totally do!
Its the Fox News pundit syndrome, cut off anyone making a good point against you. Rude. Dishonest. Despicable.
Awesome, although I would have loved to hear you speak! Perhaps next year????
Why is the GOP upset that Obama slow jammed the news on Fallon last night? Don't they know it was just a hologram?
MICA Painting Chair Barry Nemett opening reception TONIGHT 6-8PM for "Adam's Crayons". Come to Stevenson University Gallery, Stevenson, MD
Damn straight!!
How is everyone?what r u doing this weekend?
Dear followers and friends - my hotmail account has been compromised and is now a Phishing source - ignore links from me - I am fixing
ouch ! Now that's just mean !! lol
PAUL OAKENFOLD "We are Planet Perfecto Tour" at FLUXXSD EDM Tonight! Message me for bottle service and a very limited guest list before 6pm
": #AAAEPHX folk/airport folk in general: did you know streams all AAAE job board jobs?"
WTF 😳RT In a single year, 30% or 1.7 trillion cigarettes are consumed by Chinese smokers alone.
Man I tear up at the most random parts of this movie
"you are one lucky bastard" needs to be someone's catchphrase. maybe a character on Downton Abbey?
how come you never said hi? Are you a senior too?
go ahead and do what?
The greatest feeling in the world is to love and be loved back.
Getting my shower in and off the tucc. (fart sound)
you were my 1000th follow! also my saab rules all...
So you think you can hang with the big names on the Mic? ..but you jus can't afford quality sound recording.. Hit me up!
you love it don't deny
Life is FULL of ups and downs , just have to pick yourself up and be strong and be thankful for everything you have.
Cosentino: Not the end of the world if you didn't get through the whole case. But you need to be able to summarize.
My neighbor's having a party. two of his friends were on it with me taking about getting ”to' up” at their work christmas party. Douches.
HONEY SEARCH at the Hustler Club!Ladies,you've got a body and we want to see it!You could WIN BIG!Come get $1 Miller Light all night!
I Have A Feeling I Did Something Wrong Whyy. :/
For once Grey Team won! Oh yeah!
Yoir not so perfect ypur self
It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow. -Robert H. Goddard
Well look at the a Disney Cast Member..... and a hottie!!!! Lmao :-)
RT I'd rather stay quiet than explain my problems to people who don't give a fck.
Thank you so much for having me on as guest host tonight! I had a blast, it was just what I needed after the day I had! XOXO
I'll throw some Okie State hitting at your boys.
Just downloaded Props on my Kindle Fire so I can watch be amazing a million times in a row.
Jordan Hill beating these niggas up like he did his wifey
Thanks man!
you guys are freaking awesome!! <3 thank you!
My dearest Steven whom I've loved for 35 yrs....all I want is you to be happy. May all your dreams come true with Erin! ♥ ♥
awww... i knew that but i never really thought it was true, I miss Angel. #RipAngel she is in our Hearts <3
HOLY GOODNESS<3 AH!!!! IM DEFS GOIN TO SEE U!
Ride or die, fool, ride or die! >_<
she has a day trust me on that
CANT WAIT FOR THIS #CRAZY ASS PARTY THURSDAY WE GONA GET IT INN HAHAHA
yeah that was a very sober sounding tweet, lol
RT : RT : "How do you leave Paul Pierce alone for a wide-open contested three" -- Reggie Miller
2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands-Houston Will Consist Of 16 Nationally Acclaimed Showstyle High School Marching Bands. .Register Now
Eleven has wrestling on TV.
Cool! Congrats!!
Ball So Hard University.
That was a good ass nap!
There's a bird chirping outside my window... -__-
I'm at that point in the semester when my term papers are a complete mess and I have nothing interesting to say about my personal life.
“: A final from Jupiter: Marlins 6, Mets 5” so the mets suck on other planets too..
I have no patience for anyone today
I had an amazing time this weekend. Just sayin.
i always neglect the people that care the most ugh
So guys: What did you think about tonight's Oscars?
&& that's where I quoted South Park and said "It's my hot body and I'll do what I want!"
I'm black and asian? Why didn't you give me a brochure earlier?
Good question. . Are there accepted core DH competencies?
Divas of Deviance TOMORROW! Be there!! Also, messag me with your name & # of guests to SHOWGIRL OF THE YEAR for FULL COMP
Oh NOW is does. Nutshell: Jess's mom is doing better; go home today. Gas goes up a lot, down a little, etc. The boy is being strange.
Anyone else think the mayor of Detroit sounds like Morgan Freeman??
Jammin to my Pandora station
IPRC alert .40 short term goal
[GOOD 2 KNOW] Steve is vibin to that 3TARDS... you should too
twinkle twinkle liam payne harry louis niall zayn.
": "everything God allows in my life is intended to make me better; but how I respond to what He allows is up to me"
that's more like it!!
Wow, Dick Clark just died of a massive heart attack.
they love asking dumb questions.
Just to say this to all ppl who like games Megaman10 is the best 8 bit game ever to exist i like the others but 10 wins does anyone know
lookin 4 a studio in columbus, oh...any suggestions?
IF fans: What's the most recent live performance that you've been to?
THANK you so much everyone for the book birthday wishes! Made it out of my meeting in one piece :)!
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT. BE BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,AND SEXY.
Cronon: Deciding statements on political issues should not just be majority rule. Need to protect the rights of the minority.
for the first time in history you were too loud
Annual Rugby Banquet is Dec 3 at the Scottish Masonic Center. $90/couple due by Fri. will be collecting $.
I put that on yo momma
the concert was AMAZING! everyone did a great job. proud to be a choir girl. :)❤
No name rappers trying to big time people...
people don't respect your time until you don't have anymore.
Hope its all worth it in the end..
diehard 5! go make sure the guards at tiffanys aren't german nationals
Soup... Vertigo... Is the microwave only accessible by ladder?
Dear #AaronRodgers, I know your offense isn't helping at all but please find a way to win. Sincerely, a worried #Packers fan.
If anybody up on twitter get @ me on FB @ toninkajj dats url or email
thank you :)
so I asked my three yr. son what he wants to be for halloween and he says he wants to be
congrats to my highschool theology teacher, on her Jeopardy performance!
Hit the gym harder than ever. I lost 8 pounds. Need to lose 20 by end of June.
dw liana ill take care of him for you ;)
That picture was taken from a Clean House episode on the Style Network btw :)
i recently moved to the Bay Area...wking w for a while and then who knows what's next :) loving SF!
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 72
how do we get some tracks?
play on!
LOL, It's official. I'm obsessed with the Hunger Games.
can't b strong anymore
haha weirdo I miss you!
Yay! Congrats on kicking butt!!!
The whole team behind our all-girl indie film, , thanks you for advocating for ALL our bodies. We stand with you!
I posted a few more. All yours. Sal
The car
Oh! YES, girl! Me, too! Love me some decor when it's swanky cush! You fidna add hotel roundups to the blog, lol?!
Gordie Vye whose 11th grade reading list still inspires me
Don't get mad because your favorite player can't hang with Lebron
#I got cast for the new #Saigon's music video. Saigon's a rapper produced by Jz. it's gonna be fun!
RT : #umediacenter Films from the Vaults today OUGL. No popcorn but lots Eastman Ektachrome film. Sesshu Toyo currently scrolling.
Simple dinner: pierogies (frozen) and salad greens dressed with EVOO, balsamic, salt, & pepper.
Just heard my song, 'Who Do You Think You're Foolin' on KPIG 107.5!
Gotta prep and perform a bit this weekend. Looking forward to it.
delicious! So jealous!
Its been a pretty busy day so far
I can't decide on the colt, the bushmaster, or the sig.
you have my number!
LMAO I photoshopped the hair in... glad u enjoyed
legendary pacer forward jeff foster retires today after 13 gritty seasons..
my pleasure! Thanks for the kind words :)
Salba is Chia Seed! If u r buying this,u r probably paying too much. Check for Chia Seed price @ grocery or health food store. #Foodie 32112
You?...love it. Beautiful...serene...fantastic composition.
#ff music and comedy everyone should hear!
RJ And The Assignment (electric band) will be performing @ Aliante Station in Las Vegas for Regina Archie's private holiday event 12/17
Finally getting some rest today what a whirl wind of shows and lectures last week. it all starts over again in a couple of days!
"Some say the secret to a happy relationship is separate bathrooms. Those people have never tried Poo~Pourri." Keep it in your purse ladies!
Red lobster wen i get off
Come up with good content and you can get RT's, too. 😏
Grizzlies could of easily been up 3-0 but they wasn't feeding Randolph and Gasol
whats up twitter?!
the Orpheum i post it on FB as event ima invite you on there if you still on there
ah im soo bored such an boring dayy
... Glad my obscure reference was missed. Score!
Applebees commercial... "the taste of burbon street". Their marketing team has never visited, or honest description of food quality?
me personally I'd say MIAMI VICE - but I'm in the minority due to everyone else's being wrong
More on survey fatigue... mentioned in the article was Satisfaction: A Behavioral Perspective on the Consumer” (McGraw Hill, 1996).
Like I was just standing in line behind her & I had 2 F21 bags cause I was holding 1 for my sister. I also had alot of money in my (c)
#metoobitch let's be self-destructive together. The wreckage would be huger.
Doing well! Stay busy teaching & yard work. Also playing basketball getting ready 4 alum/faculty game! ;-)
RT : Tonight is the tap takeover starting tonight at 5pm!
Happy Hump Day! That is all.
NCAA picks turned in. Both and I have KY going all the way.
RT if school is stupid and you hate going to it!(:
What's with the Journal running an AP story on the Munch? Get on it! :)
i dislike being sick i hope i feel better soon.
Free open computer lab, computers available, an instructor will be on hand to answer questions. Wednesday April 25, 4:00-6:00 PM,...
spendin $$$ always seems like a bad idea to me till tax time when i realize if i don't spend it on my business i gotta give it to Uncle Sam.
Sometimes things have to seem worse before they can get better... Don't be fooled.
New CyberLink Media Suite 10 Redefines Software Category - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)
Please text or tweet when you know something about your dad!
thanks! It's highly descriptive, for better or worse. :-)
We could get Silicon Valley of the West & Silicon Valley of the East together. In Omaha for a Bacchanalia.
Thank God! I hate making my bed!
For example?
A little late on the ball but just downloaded the Mass Effect 3 demo. Happy Valentin's day to me!!! Aw, I just made myself sad...
That is awesome!! RT I'm going to have nightmares surrounded by all these glow sticks.
Feeling fantastic after an early morning boot camp. Who knew?!
No, it's called One Day. It's British. She gets hit by a bus.
submission deadline is Feb 15th! Submit now!
kk I followed you! pls follow back?? :)
Damn. When did you start listening to good music?
Your life problems are HALARIOUS.
I feel like im about to die ...
Same Day Raised Letter Printing. Fast. Easy and Affordable Printing. Give your Business Cards a more vibrant look.
I got attacked by a shark and it ate both my hands..😒 hahaha
you were wrong, i followed
its blowen me that some girls keep coming at me and they aint doin shyt with they life if u rollen dont go smack if u got a nigga respect
“: Shout out to keeping it real down in Miami”
May will be the last published by Weiss Communications - the plan is to sell the mag to a publisher in hopes keeping it going.
Eileen Foster blew whistle on corruption at Countrywide
july. And for sure
Digging the drift.
the keystone ppl jobs would seem to be temp whn its built no more jobs it wont take as many to run it
Going back to GA today got my shxt together finally.
Good morning from NYC! Editing another podcast for Tourist In The City, abt. people & sounds in NY. Wondering if I should wake the wife.
Check us out!! Interested in degrees in Latin American Studies?! Visit: www.clas.osu.edu
Hey which armrest should you use in a movie theater?
Ok I have a final tomorrow, but what do I do instead...procrastinate.
I have a coworker who's new to git and version control. Any recommended resources?
thank you for watching! Love you too! Can't wait to see you in a couple weeks (:
Finally the truth LOL! RT : : If I end up missing ... after you call the cadaver dogs y'all go check out.
hahaha oh Justin I feel it's the only way... I press snooze way too much!
What a gorgeous #mothersday in #chicago. Taking the dudes to the lake to run off steam.
Besek: looking at balancing needs of parties: practicalities of registries, who bears the burden of running a registry.
Opryland doesn't believe in toilet seat covers...my butt cheeks are offended!
24 is still super young, kind of put it into perspective how young it really is when i ready the Oden grantland article
Make It Nasty
No man will be a sailor who has contrivance enough to get himself into jail for being in a ship is being in a jail, with the cha
I think you'll like it. Of course some things are still unresolved, but that's what season 2 is for. :-)
hmm what happened to the summit?
Have mo' Mohave? Don't mind if we do... Vegas was a hallucination only the desert can destroy. Feels like home.
Okay US Directioners! The boys Dare To Dream book will be released on May 22!-Kelly
Is it Friday yet?
I'm listening to all your songs<3
that would be fun!!:)
Good Morning twitter, I just woke up and I got to go to school. Be back at 3:20 pm. peace :-)
its all of us! Luz made it lol
-Going to sleep on that note
can't tether with iPhone unless I pay stupid amount of money.
Coops on a big one
GLORY HUNTER ILLUMINATI KANYE WEST, enjoy hell while serving Lucifer
I love seeing my friends being successful or on their way up
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
wonder why some people love living in the "ain't it ugly" space. nothing is satisfying to them.
Join us for the Juilliard Jazz Orchestra Originals concert, 8pm tonight in Alice Tully Hall. Email "" for free tickets!
Of all the teams, why does it always have to be the Fing cardinals?
Come on PACKERS!! Take No Prisoners!!!
Boutta get some waffle house
I really hope this car gets there soon...
#VRAC2011 s/o to Holins U!
Dallas... Who's ready to rock with the city's Koldest Barber.
$240 for underwear? Really?
#kids Spring Spectacular Carnival: Spring Spectacular Carnival from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 PM to Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 4:00...
Approve of my new avatar pic? Or?
Late May, contingent on construction. Have you talked to a membership advisor yet?
enough to go to the island to retrieve the footage.
whoa that looks like ur saying it to me...smh lol
Thank you :D
SQUIRT PRINTS
depends on what you're seeking. Apple = consistent. Android = flexible platform but w/quality varying per device
Loving all the action and energy in #Cleveland this weekend!
I dvr it. I think you can get them on iTunes though?
fire him now.....maybe they can still make the playoffs
whats good twitter!!!
Can we buy you lunch?! RT : Just gave my month's lunch money to Hypothes.is, new nonprofit taking peer review to the Internet
Can't hear on the phone
hey Bryan, thanks! I had not seen this!
Very cool tune!
ALL the pastels
Thanks, Mr. Hoff!
I'd rather Chalmers have the ball than Stern.
Haha. So true. And totally charming in person, too.
CHECK OUT HOT AFROCUBAN-RUMBA-SALSA CLASSES. LEARN TO DANCE, HAVE FUN AND GET A GREAT CARDIO WORKOUT
I could have let you drone on and on...
Stop in today :) 7575 Linda Vista RD SD CA 92111 (Rain or Shine)
Heading your way tomorrow! Yay! RT Thanks for following! Hope you enjoy the tweets about the #Kenosha area!
you got my credit card, so run it for the belt, or do you take only checks for this? Privacy Policy?
freaking congrats!!
Have you tried blue widow?
i know right i mean really we are so dedicated to him and he doesn't even notice it
The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once.-Albert Einstein
Again ?? Smh when will u learn Mister Wellz
Downtown shopping and Pacer game
When your are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears
Happy birthday to , a great and talented friend.
Getting ready to talk about protecting #3dprinting & #opensourcehardware in dc
5 so we can get our stuff for twin day but omg you should come over later and we'll go together lol
Spotted bumpersticker: "Ron Paul is our George Washington." I don't see much of a similarity with though.
We also hate passive sentences!
where are u
this kids having a bitchfit prob bc of the interview on monday that we were at...
Hillaby on awaking to a strange nightly noise on Dartmoor: 'The moon was the colour of a corpse. Uncomforted, I crept back into the tent.'
omg yes we should !!!! Or we should go 2 sandy lake or hurricane harbor !! And whose house would we have the party at??
happened to me once about 5 yrs ago... that was the last time I got one of those!
Finally made it to #musiclib2012. Long trip but great to be here.
bad uncle
I feel like everytime I try to give someone advice and they don't take it, they end up regretting it.
Nice 5 1/2 hour shift to end the day 😲🔫
maybe. RT: Is someone desperate for some Sunday story ideas??
I would love to support but the site is terrible and won't verify my identity because I can't answer ?'s 1/2
And another family and another world has been created at "the next level". Thank you every one.
": I want a serious relationship. No more games."
That was the best nap ever!
Getting ready to come out swinging in 2012? Hey S.O.P.A. -- go Fu*k yourself :) HAPPY NEW YEAR PUNKS!
A person with little or no morals is capable of anything
Eagles Landing Pinot Noir 2007-$39.95...BEST Pinot in our store (to date)...stop by and WOW your guests!
Choose me“: im gonna follow at least 100 fans each day all this week. (i do this anyway though) #ILOVEMYFANS #ILOVEMYBELIEBERS”
Hey Darlin' Jana! Just use both tags! So Happy2 have U w/ us again! We need Grace for our mess2! :D LuvU:)
what's going on??
Mike Brown does look like a principle or a pastor!
Hmm... effing Zoro is working 4 cubes from me.
Remodeling Portland, One Home at a Time WWW.BlackForestRemodelAndTile.com
I love it when teachers talk about you
I think #SOPA and #PIPA are good ideas
Adding "Watch c-beams glitter in the dark near the Tanhauser Gate" to my bucket list.
imagine when the kid has tests or exams, he'd run out of time just writing his name. Good luck!
Very cool, will definitely let you know if there are any questions.
Nothing says "let the day begin!" like a little and prowler pushing!
Police:why were u speeding Me: I was going to the store to getOreos. Police: doublestuffed? Me: "ofcourse!" Police"okaycarryon
Whats your thoughts on a Matte Black car? My favorite is the BMW M3
Congratulations to for being named one of Atlanta's best places to work!
head to brunch at Grazie best in town
Exciting announcements coming regarding our venue!
"artistic" needs be in quotes there
instsagram came out for android!!!!
Texas comes back to within 5 of Cincy. Amazing.
hahaha may the best team win as they say in... nothing anymore :P
we are MEN. we must be swift as a coursing river. men. with all the force of a great typhoonl. we are men.
What kind of name is Catness? Going to see the Hunger Games tonight. O boy...
Every major change in life should be towards bettering yourself
“If you can #read this, thank a #teacher .” - Anonymous teacher
Fair enough
where is earl sweatshirt?
WOOP! “: Absolutely fantastic house - to quote an audience member, "ultimate storytelling experience!"
Best quote about a broken speaker this morning, "that speaker sounds like Steven Hawking!"
someone gimme a shoutout? ..lol Jk im not a beg
So is his ego.
Peep this yall #Tupac dedication to #IronMike ,just watched the whole session at the studio recording this on the special about them!
Im sorry :( ill give you a big one tomorrow ? (:
Probably 50% of all #foodhubs still relying on external support (beyond sales) to maintain operations.
Challenge y'all to invite some thirst virgins ;) RT : WHOOT! just grabbed our tickets!
That doesn't make sense.
Back at the gym full force this morning. I feel a lot better.
Huh? This sounds like bad advice. Please explain for those not there. RT : Fail fast. Fail forward. Fail better.
Thank you for supporting
The more you are willing to feel in the moment, the more you will be able to move and flow with life.
Maybe we'll play Illuminati (conspiracy card game). I won last two games, so everyone will be gunning for me. :P
welcome to the twitterverse :)
If you’re planning to let me go today, make sure you’ll never come back tomorrow.
at we can't let adults with low expectations hold back the education of kids who need help the most
according to the blogs you're doing a lot of that "no sleep" again.
I should have a menagerie of falcons by now.
yay! happy you got the hydration delivery for your running! call me tonight - we need to chat asap!
Woo hoo I finished 7th in my age group in the 5K last night. Out of 455 total females 20-24! The night run was especially cool!
Thank you God for another great day I pray I would Go Hard 4 U everyday and shine my light for you and you would get all the glory and honor
my last #night #out in the #city for a few weeks. i'll be back!
FAKE SHIT HUH
Awe, thanks for the offer, but I'm good. Troy is able to go. If he can't make my brain scan appt. I'll let u know ;)
Make that "Toasty Torpedo" not "Toasy"
Q7 Enhancing job & career services
What can we do? put the pressure on the system to change it
Last night, I had a dream about a dream... about you..
Is McEwen beer still being made?
I know everybody has an opinion, but I'm pretty sure I'm right on this one: Cats will never be as cool as Dogs.
hahaha that's not natural..you might wana goto the doctors for that. I had too
George Clowney is officially launched; GeorgeClowny.com ( newest bolg)
awesome! Joe D was just suggesting it was about time we all went drinking!
I think cereal brands with raisins in them are in cahoots with the dental industry. Hard raisins = broken teeth.
An infield pop-up with the bases loaded drops harmlessly to the ground and scores 2 runs for Northeast. It's now 7-6 Galveston still bot 8
a year ago today and i gave birth to let it flourish and wreak havoc
is a prime number.
If you woke up today with a case of "The Mondays"... walk it off! :oP
I agree! Whatever girl ends up with him is dang lucky
If he's cheated on you once, he will do it again. I wouldn't get your hopes up.
I'm good at what I do.
New #Rams follow-up people! The future is bright!
Exciting day/presentation with BIG idea today = accountability at remote/unmanned locations CAN be achieved.
Glad you like it! Will definitely pass along the congrats to the right folks!
you're a good girl. you were able to contain yourself.
you'll regret it before bed tonight
Snoring boyfriend... love him but I want to plug his nose
": You callin me races?" Sorry I know you only discriminate against PT Cruiser drivers
"If we don't begin with the unmet need of the customer, we're going to miss (the mark)." - Bob Schwartz ('73 industrial design)
Dean Judi Smith says expansion of critical courses were funded thru student tuition/chancellors office.
Thanks for checking in with us and , we hope you enjoyed San Diego!
Whoever follows me gets a HUGEE shoutout and a DM to to follow u!!
Have a lovely weekend!
Touchdown! Freedom free!
I wonder how you could be on twitter earlier today but not hit me up? Blatt. Fuck it.
that's a big ole' ladle of awesome sauce
so Destiny is wow
I swear I should have a bruise on my arm from where Blair kep hittin me yesterday durin the volleyball game.
it's mine I spend it
How do uu do that shit how do u
G-Night :D
Wow! I'm stupid! Haha! I didn't mean to do that! Lol! :P #BlondeMoment!
nice message ain't it?
RT : #Libra is a go getter, independent and always fair. << That's me!!! :)
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring. -R. Hornsby
RT : I'm excited for this track meet coming up this Saturday for some reason B)
ohh I'm in the hunt for good rose as well. Blogging about it on my personal blog this month let's do it together
One of my all-time favorite Classic Rock songs!! Fuck yeah!
follow I support positive people like this.
I think i would very much hanging out with Wiz Khalifa. Minus the weed.
I think I'm meant to be single forreal. Less drama & less stress
Thanks for the follow - love your work.
#congresslunch why does it cost 2x more for healthcare in US than Canada? Want a bipartisan health bill #isitpossible?
Hi, Steve! How's life in Baltimore treating you?
Good morning all! It's finally Friday!
Hayley! Would u be interested in doing an interview for a student/HUGE fan? It's for my journalism class! Even thru email!:)
Everything may not be how I want it but it's exactly how I need it😊
Success is knowing the difference between cornering people and getting them in your corner.
PLEAASE? lol, cause like i'm trying to suprise my partner in this twitter account soo.. yeah x) follow me :3
Of course.
Yes but I don't be on it in the morning time at all just hit me up a little later for FaceTime
why are the candy apples all about abby lee?
This Sunday were releasing the first track off of our EP "The Mechanical Sunrise", spread the word!
Maane i swear im too tired n dont feel gud
nope the stores on delay but I got upgraded to next day shipping so soon hopefully
Only a few more weeks until you are crowned American Idol! Can I ask for a #followback?
Not to be rude but that kind of personal, but if you need to know he was a egotisical a**hole and a beater.
We just signed up for #Hubspot...excited to start digging into the toolset!
Jesus now Twitter plans to censor their site? Well... As long as it gets rid of the damn egg picture spammers. #TwitterBlackout January 28th
Come visit Pleasant Farms and for Sunday's Pilsen Community Market, next week!
how are you
I'm sorry, I puked.
No, not I Love Lucy, but Amos and Andy! Cain promotes racism yet tells AfrAmericans they are "Brainwashed" 2 vote for
you all are!
Tonight at Cool Daddy's, in Myrtle Beach, with: Chinese Fire Drill, Bamboo Forest, and The Slobz. Tickets $5.
Gonna get.my haircut n take a drive out of Milwaukee
Time to fucking beg >.<
Can you do us a favor and spread the word of our premier web-series 9-19-2011 Much thanks - The Casting Office
Just left Sea Pearl in Falls Church. It was so delicious. If you're in the area you have to go.
What did the times think you made up?
I thought it was a nice story. Made him look like a good dad.
Stormy weather forecast for the first week of the Spring Quarter, which is why I'm heading to the park to walk along the beach with the boys
Is this page dead!? It Better not be! ICONiacz where you all at?! ~Ashley
I saw a sign on the back of a dump truck that said: Happiness is getting your load off
Yesterday,I was dreamweaver, But now I'm reborn,I was the walrus,But now I'm John,...And so dear friends,You just have to carry on....
Yay! See you Friday!
Too bad it had to end :(
How does that even correlate though? lol
I live with butterflies that only calm in the middle of a task or conversation. #Leadership is being present.
Boo! I've had a Cuisinart food processor for about 10 years. I use it regularly and have never had a problem.
How they gone say we fell off and they never climeb up (silly muthafuckaz)!!!!!!???????
., who uncovered Detroit City Hall abuses for , weighs in on firing of saying he was "wrongfully terminated."
Anyone else think that looks a little like Peyton Manning? Cute!
Pretty sure I just felt another earthquake?
If Fed Ex and UPS were to merge would they call it Fed Up?
yes I have MMS CD-ROM in my laptop at work.
/// But if you ask me if I had to choose.......I would like to see a Clippers vs. Thunder matchup tho.
nap time
Let's Go Caps!
man Travis, it's Paul all the way for me hahaha
Thanks Gayle! We are really happy with all the new space!
KBS and Curmudgeon Better Half - first two beers of
#WeWontWork if you SMOKE , PERIOD
Going to ur own bfs lunch, calling him while ur watching him forward ur call for no reason is a bummer!
we can only hope!
Intuitive Surgical - Aggressive Growth - NASDAQ
just the other work one lol
ah i love my new car<3
RT : To change one’s life; Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly. No exceptions. - William James
next weekend doe, i might be leaving to houston this weekend or during the week.
U still at the school ?
Well, somebody better have a girl ! Before I flip the fuck out ! :P
You good brother?
Thank you #DMB Warehouse preorder. Tix purchased 15 mins in. Can't wait! Baby is going to be a fan before he\she is born.
Last stat was tweeted by
a4 long as they are playing
23 days left until we are out of school
You're very welcome. We had a great time and it was our pleasure!
Loved Our Idiot Brother. Now I wanna get a dog and name it Patsy Cline.
Nobody has been on their shit!!!
so since its #MaraMonday and i stated my most inspirational moment.. does that mean you'll tweet me? :)
thank you :)<3
awesome - cant wait to see it ;)
not hate to loyd but there has to be someone else that is tthe top. *thinking
AND THAT. IS ROADHOUSE.
Planet Terror!
Everyone go follow my buddy He likes penis but he is cool.
How things look on the outside of us depends on how things are on the inside of us.
I've never felt so #tired before
My second free meal in past week thanks to Amex promotion on ! Saved $35 so far.
COUNT ME AND SHAE IN
yayy love cheese, i could live off it
Watching #WalkingDead & reading 's '11 annual report #PurposefulGrowth w/ zombies
I hope the beast reference is for #Fridaythe13th and not me ;)
waiting for them to tax my vag.
oh its not tonight? Ops! LMAO Okay, I got you, that just means I have more time to prepare!
When a kid puts a beer chuger in his mouth you know hes going to be a baddass.
Wow really ur gonna actually lift a finger and clean now that I'm moving out? ha ha
hahaha sounds delicious! I always knew pine trees werent just good for its smell.
RT : I squat. Not because it gives me a badass thighs and ass. Nope. I squat so I can pee without a helper when I'm 90.
IT FELT GOOD SEEING EVERYBODY AT THE STEPHENSON SPRING GAME!!! (A GHETTO AZZ REUNION) LOL
The side note being that nearly any music I've discovered in the past 15 years - and still listen to - I've found on
What's your favorite #hiphop album right now? I'm always looking for new music
indeed. The undead must rise.
They wouldn't let the Delirious Eddie Murphy host the Academy Awards, but the Dr. Doolittle Eddie Murphy? Absolutely.
First time in the car I've been able to play and my mum didn't complain because "she doesn't know the music."
Watching the #Grammys but I don't know what I'm going to do at 9 when #DesperateHousewives comes on. :(
In remember the last NYG/49er playoff game in 227. That's when I realized how hardcore you were! Good luck today-- sort of.
It is a Linkin Park kind of day
Great mtg w/Georgia & Rod from ! Check out www.artslant.com, an amazing website for the global art scene.
Still cheaper than a drunk in public ticket at #mifflin2012, so consider yourself ahead!
Have you ever gone to an NHL game? It's an awesome experience.
sounds Good I am doing the same :)
#WealthyWomanTip Smile more often it attracts positivity and success :)
because u wasnt followin me but i'll follow you back.
Yall got what yall wanted. Im gone like a ma fucka.
no plzz dont quite my world tour well miss u justin
A storm in your heart reminds you, you're still alive, & you have a lot to live for. Storm proudly.
good morning...how are you today?
“: Shouts to !!” our homie to the north!
SEO- the practice of improving a website in both functionality and relevancy to users to help it rank well in search engines.
that would be Bunk Gardner
I honestly could not pick.
oh my god I'm literally crying holy omg my beautiful baby holy balls
Notes from the Bmesh lagoon: stop selecting two tris and attempting quad conversion. Instead, select the mid edge and delete->dissolve
yup, and something about a bearded man running is just inherently funny
Hello, everyone, when does the party start? TREH
Habitat 4 Humanity meeting has changed rooms. Still in the Admin but in room 312!!! ReTweet Now!!! See ya in a hour
if my last name was virgin... Oh no no no I would change it for good
I'd like to own a Porsche Carerra GT but I'd love a friend who had an M5. Oh wait, I think I do... !
Bought more colorful feathers! Will post them up when they arrive!
Oh, buzz off Lavinia.
Tyler, appreciate your support during the nonstop madness that was Finals Week and "Dead Week" (the week before) at school
thinking of good tech test questions for open house at tonight. (any good ideas for test automation questions?)
If u decide to get natural hair does dat mean u goin to give a natural birth????
I need to know details, Kase. Also, no go for me on the Cubs game, I start my bball league this week which is Tues nights :(
You could now save 10% at when you present your #Go Local card anytime you go in! Smoothies, coffee, pizza, among others!
you know!!!
RT : "For profit, non-profit, I just want more tools to help kids learn."
A big dose of it, YES! (Hey don't forget my address question!)
#SP500 gaps up 12+ points at the open.
MOVIE DATE was AWESOME!!!
Can't wait! #CiderSummit 2011 m m
Someone needs to start loving #fun. as much as I do so I don't have to go see them alone!
Show this week in San Marcos! New Merch! New Tunes!
why yes sir indeed
yo, nice purple velvet blazer you had on today! Shit was gangstA.
On the MS Campus there is still a line to get the Lumia 900.
Sad when I'm so bored at work, the Dougie song comes on & I stand up & practice the dance. Woo hoo the Boom Boom Boom song is on now, c ya!
I love you and miss you already. What the heck do I do with you 800+ miles away???? Best.reunion.ever.
Knowing and respecting your personal boundaries is essential to navigating busy times in a healthy, balanced way.
Thanks for the follow. Cool web site..
Thanks Kenya. You are an awesome girl
is it weird that I visit my own Pinterest page just to see the hot cars I have loaded on there??
I'm home still with an urge to call you. But you're probs still sleeping. Waaaah.
Tan Towels are the bomb and much cheaper in the long run than spray tanning. Im obsessed.
I have no clues what sunday night scene it...
Baking at altitude for the first time. This may end in disaster.
Rehearsals all morning. Wango Tango all night.... -Britney
Welcome! How are you, dude?!
no problem:) I'm good friends with Megan.
Blast last night at Jared's Jokers ! Thank you to all the comedians and audience that came out to enjoy the Spectacular line up
I wish my mommy would hurry up and get back from California with Jj.
Shettima: How can we support civil society organizations, ICT competent youth, and grantees for civic engagement
lol nice one
"All the problems of the world could be settled easily if men were only willing to think." -- Thomas J. Watson, Former President of IBM
Pre-ordered Melissa Hartwig of 's book: "It Starts with Food: Discover the Whole30 and Change Your Life in Unexpected Ways"
child-sized harry potter robes worn by daniel radcliffe at ! filed under: shouldn't that be at a british history museum?
I agree, #ExtremeRules will be on my screen. :-) is really kickin' it.
Still the Countdown continues...Get ready! Live Life All In!!! 2011
I totally forgot to tell you!! I bought the tix when you were at work... Get one asap!!
willie mcgee. old cards promo poster. were sent to SI years ago. took from the throwout pile ...
I'm just one gigantic pile of sick today. And I don't wanna go to school. Fuck.
Extra innings in the #Phillies game vs Pirates. I'm on the edge of my seat and it's only game 2 of the season. Oh baby!
#SomePeopleDont understand that being homophobic is being scared of being gay themselfs :-D
When I was a kid I asked my parents for a camera for my birthday and all I got was a PONY.
looking for suggestions on locations to hold fundraisers. Your idea counts! Thank you
. Clothes or booze? :)
#The Edge OfGlory
anytime :) Enjoy!
What's happening at the Harvard libraries??? Massive restructuring and layoffs. Chaos. Follow #hlth for info .
gets to keep it minus the 10% kickstarter collects. We plan to use the extra $ for some sweet lighting details!
Thank you for your greatest creation The Simpsons
I love you!! Can't wait to see you perform this week! Follow me?? :-)
Could it be? RT : RT : Tease from Dakich about a special person at the IU-MSU game should get people talking.
I'm hearing something but I don't see anything
I like the classiness so far. Miami based?
Great social media event! Good to see
They should have gotten a bunch of cats in heat to do the anthem. They couldn't do any worse.
Im Starving..!
yes, had to change around the sch because cross sch changed... Hope it works for you!
#AtNumber1GirlTour moms gone bring dey 5 yr old kids -_- LADY LEAVE YO DAMN KIDS AT HOME! Tryna act like u dere 4 dem *cough* cougar *cough*
Who as a quizzaz?
well u not welcum
thanks for following. Cool idea. Does anyone give Glide Cruiser tours?
how old are you
Amazon in catalog: we are serving up our customers to commercial entities without real discussion or maybe real return. Our values?
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!! Thank you to mothers everywhere for all that you do!!
Super ugly criers, too!! RT : also, all of the boys crying - right ?
Seriously? That just made my month. Where will you be reading? I'll be in LA area the week of 31 Oct.
#Globalcensorshipyale starting now with a panel on the effectiveness of online activism. I'll be tweeting from here intermittently until Sun
Um...I want that salad pizza in my mouth immediately. That's what she said? :)
...and it's frickin' fast!
Am I really eating a dry (no dressing) salad right now??? Who am I......?
usually its some rogue app u let have access to your twitter acc... i'd check those u gave permissions 2
I don't know but I feel I did something wrong .. hunmmm. I just feel that.
Fun Fact: actually walks between C-bus and Cinci every week. He has to turn around right away to get back.
I'm irritated as fuck. Things just arent going how I want and im sick of it. I kno the world dont revolve around me
My son be all over me while im asleep i think thats why i always wake up this time
I'm guessing 29
I hope that I pass the 7th grade, don't really have a good grade in math, and I need to raise them because when the 18th comes, im done.
Cool: interested in using temporal/spatial mapping to track constructions of race over time.
"there's only one way to stop seeing so many #instagram photos on my news feed..." - mark zuckerberg
....Bible, I'd use the New World Translation of the Jehovah's Witnesses. <2
Just got my notification we're up and running on Google Drive (enterprise account) interested to see this Docs/Dropbox combo at work.
Yay!!!!!!! Go Adele! You so deserve this :D
Get down to BuckBradley's tonight for an viewing party at 9 PM for Game 3 of the #CalderCup Playoffs!
Is it top secret, or can you share? :)
...DONE..now follow back
Why spring is in the air! William's Gap is calling...
You are very welcome...I thank you too for my RT
Sounds like a great idea to us!
thank you fag!
can never count out pops but Memphis can upset them again. Them OKC boys got the west this yr. Friendly gentlemens wager?
I can't dm my phone being weird so ill just tweet it!
Sweet baby Jesus, I'm locked inside the bar!! The happy hour chicken wings kicked in last night and I passed out sitting on the can!
thank u .. happy mothers day to u too
so tired of doing plato 10days left in high school
Hitting the #gym bright and early need to get that #beachbod back! Night tweeetlings 🌙
"The reasons why ineffective practices prevail in human resources management are because of several reasons." - Best.Answer.Ever.
i love you and all your inspirational words
Council Adjourned
I wish there was a 'like' button for your tweet! :)
hi momma
exactly. yes! I loved the marks the husband's fingers made in the bedspread as he fell to his knees...such subtleties
What's the point in pretending to be something you're not..? & were themselves look at them now! <3 follow me??
3 strikeouts for brad hand to start the game? Not bad
It's too bad that email wasn't better -- could at least include links for folks to share on Facebook and twitter.
Shopping in character! That's a great idea.
I'd like to retweet this, but I can't. :D
No one is ugly after my bed time ;)
i'll send you some pictures of the boys hahaha:)
That just made up for everything! Go Williams! #gopack!
No Mac version, looks like :(
Great snooki and j-wow coming to jersey city -____-
Just wanted to welcome Amber, the latest Member of the Moiko Records Artists Network. Thanks for Joining Amber
Nothing is impossible!
checking in from #atxcouncil, where council members have begun the first of their budget worksessions
I don't know that sounds like a fun guessing game to me.
You never know! I get it! I put two books in my purse just to go to a kid's violin lesson where I'm NOT supposed to read!
Craving a burger gonna shake it over to Shake Shack. Yup
Going to B&N and not leaving til half this paper is done.
How would you use the contents of the StoryCorps archive (40,000+ recordings) if you had full access?
'Black' and 'White'.
Food Fact of the Day:March 19, 1936 Canned beer is sold to the public in Britain for the first time, by Felinfoel Brewery in Wales.
Boring Monday
my mom came up to my room crying because she misses her mom 😭😢❤
where have you been hiding? No love no mas?
goddammit i will be in phoenix
i like the doctor chick album and the new one
I have a free day on Sundays..so I am thinking of taking handgun classes to finish of my Lara Croft imitation. LMAO!
in love with the glitter bomb
thanks for the recommendation.Denny terrifies me.Brakes are in good shape but maybe I'll get a tuneup deal first just in case.
i cant wait to have our regalia! i have a pic of it in my room to visualize myself in it everyday!
You smile, I smile. <3
If u have a home phone and you are paying more than $15 for service AND nationwide long distance, smh...you need to Inbox me
can't wait to devour that wine bottle wit yaa
It's called snow ya shee!
Thanks for following!
Congrats to the UK softball team for getting a bid into the NCAA Tournament. And amazingly enough they're in the Louisville regional.
Looking forward to Next week!
aww lol i've talked to like 3 mahomies that live outside the US today haha i hope he does a world tour for you guys :)
You win! Nice work, DM us your size and address!
I take that back, this month marks the one year anniversary of the band. Holy shit that's insane
slayed her performance on Idol tonight.
Would anyone write a biography about you?
great !! How are you thanks for listening :)
Feeling sick :(
I miss #Aruba. , when will it be time to go back?
A Loss For Words + Till Night Falls + Goldmill and a bunch more @ Rock Bottom Tonight
Couple of hours of work complete. Now to enjoy the rest of the weekend. Looking forward to supper club. YUM!
yeah im goin tomorrow to get s bunch of fish haha this is what im doin with some of my graduation money haha
Loving the new hair!!
Finished Heroes and I LOVED it!
Yes Sir... NYC Club Avanti all Day.
"No Chicken, No Check"! That ep was awesome! You were great, of course!
thats a lesson it takes once to learn
Lmao & what abt when it grows up? RT : I want a baby penguin so bad.
My girl is spinning her ass off, like .. 4 all the tea in china.
Working with the Talent Manager in LA that contacted me through So many good things to look forward to!
Sure. I enjoyed kicking back for a listen! (=
Welcome to Louisville. Just filming here in short term, or longer or coming back again?
always tune in to Channel 7, great seeing you!
Good. At least you are useful...
I'm looking for someone (or a company) that can help make a video infographic this week. Any recommendations? E-mail or DM me if interested.
Every nite you cry yourself to sleep, thinking why does this happen to me .
Smhhh I'm Really Watching Cartoons Right Now
#FollowEveryDay Good Folks! (via )
You're one of many, many people who love Anne. She is one of our secret weapons for attracting students and keeping alums engaged
Hey !! Like Divine Blue ?! Check us out at twitter.com/divineblue and press that like button !!
yes, I also covet her arms!
Joe.... suck it. How is that for aggressive?
The Plant Sale was last weekend.
i agree id like to see Hope in the Blue
is working on finalists for the postcard contest! Cross your fingers, kids, and when you uncross them get your stamps ready.
It's because some years ago, they decided (intentionally) not to participate (i.e not to provide data).
cool re power pack. we are assembling collaborators for a "Tobacco Is History!" interactive museum. Looking for appropriate ...
r u gonna watch it opening night?
come on kid you need to sttop it.
RT Some people just don't get it. I know.
Companies who made their mark on design usually did so because one designer had an unusually strong relationship with the company’s founder.
I wonder why Obama is now supporting gay marriage. They say its against Christian value but same time is he doing it just to get re-elected
Upcoming Exhibit Solo Show Muir Fine Art Gallery Houston, Texas, March 12th, 2010, 7-10PM www.timhovde.com
Ouch. I'll be praying for ya haha
Hi, we're a new church in your area. Exciting loving. Check us out & follow back & our pastor
Dude, just buy the box set. You must see it all now. Best ever.
jus ate a fatt ass bowl of frosted flakes #DAYUMM!!
oh & the light shows, breath-takingly beautiful ;)
Go ahead if you want to
Dave, please watch the last 2 mins of the link I just sent you!
hey guys cc:
Passing through Kentucky.. Ready to be home.
Summertime grind.. Trips to #Miami, #Cali & #NewYork hope my team is ready to make some neccessary moves, Working with beneficial connects!
we're leaving in 15 minutes, so I'd say 3 PM tops.
I love getting messages that make me smile like a dummy when I read them and make people wonder ❤❤❤❤
#confession : i hate to admit the fact that i'm jelious of her -.-
Smart lady. Though I had their Blue Catfish last night with saffron broth and root veggies. It was Excellent!
TRAFFIC: Left Lane of SB I90 ramp to EB I94- Closed @ noon today thru Friday @ Noon
I meant what flavor. Lol.
NOW THATS A SIGHT TO SEE
Never trust an Evan Turner
I may be on the Craft Police's Top 10 most wanted!
It's not working for me. What's your username?
there you go! Keep it up! I have faith in ya!
Finally sent a (hopefully) decent chapter draft to my adviser. That only took two years . . .
Getting ready to run #Crazylegs with Dan and Emily before we unite & rally against the #WaronWomen!
PLAYOFF PREDICTIONS - In the West, The Sports Freak says SAS over MEM in 6, LAL over NOR in 5, PORT over DAL in 7, and OKC over DEN in 6
Congrats to (BC'98) on Cougartown being picked up by TBS. Grassroots marketing at its best. Lessons could be applied to BC sports.
Hot damn Gayle and the hired hands are tearing it up at hotel Utah - right now! We go on later
I do work in academia, after all. EXPLAIN ALL THE THINGS :-)
Good afternoon everyone! Hope you are having a wonderful Saturday so far!
Bitch what im mad fa if i wnt hym i cn get em
Sweet! Did you have to put it in dry rice to draw the water out of it?
I need yu to do me a favor
ha he's on the same!
oh great, now someones going to make a tweak that does that
all of it's goo stuff!!
its barely raining!
sproing! sums it up well - my interns are looking at me like I'm crazy right now
Me too!
haha, I do. But really let's get that coffee soon!
Coo' RT : Shutout to 'cause I love her.
Someone's skype is broke lmao.
Crazy episode of #MadMen tonight.
We've been waiting for Ron Artest to show up... Go to work tonite
Hoping we can stave off this rain to squeeze in the series #finale. We shall see!
Headed to tomorrow to pick up their Tangerine Tango polish!
Now chs won't let kids have access to our backpacks. #GoSchool!!
Looking like the before pics from 'The Biggest Loser' after the holidays? This week's apps will be dedicated towards weight loss/fitness
no preview for next week?
Bed dreaming of you I hope. 😘😍😉
Odd Duck is on Twitter at We guarantee we're the only ducks you'll find who go "tweet."
Chinese New Year!
followed you!
KARAOKE tonight at NINE at with Robby sing and win $85 by singing the Super Mystery Jackpot song.
Finally the big timers playing like they should
Did you find your cot?
I'd give my girl the attention she thinks she deserves but I wouldn't lose myself either.
I could listen to Hugh Jackman all day long . . .
Have a magic and unique Thanksgiving day...LOVE
Need to improve your salary in the IT field? Enroll at KSI and get an IBM Rational Certification. www.ksi.edu
No. It's not normal. You need a formal evaluation of your symptoms.
lol. That was just for the time being on call with him!!
Wrong turn bby
Why aren't there more female tattoo artists? Maybe I need to step up! lol
Girls: don't get close to the front of the stage when I perform.
Real Love ain't suppose to hurt.
ur just ignorant
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Slept ALL day yesterday, turns out i'm allergic to some antibiotics i was prescribed and broke out ALL OVER in hives. It was terrible!
We are currently accepting clients for Layouts, Photography, Logos, and Animated Promotional Banners. Message us via Myspace for prices.
I am loving Loopy!
Yeah just real busy with kids
haha excellent. Tony was singing the songs all the time after we saw Wicked. It turned him into a fan of Broadway musicals.
Haha ditto! yeah french would be great if those little boys weren't in our class..lol #growup love you girl!
#MothersDay is near and we say YES to #FlowersForMom!
thank you
Asparagus, Brie tomato & ramp omelette. After 30 hours of work so not bad
Void said: "Everybody on this site has bodied burna and it's getting pretty old. Hes a lost hope of a rapper and a human being " lmao!!!!!!!
didn't make it there, but took in some good music just the same
Happy spring!
goal for today is to build a full product database, with vendor links, prices, images, descriptions, resale price, and.... SMILEY PIES!!!
no. I'm never blacked out from games. I get Fox sports Florida on TV. But you can use it for nationally televised game blackout
uh oh what happened?
Just promoted to shift supervisor at starbucks and I have my place rented out! Let the cash start coming in!
Home from school
I'm thinking I might need to know your mom. Is she a soccer-head, too? Have her check us out
Are you guys working at La Fitness Expo? I'll be at Vitargo Sun
Going 2 sleep now, gotta make dis early money tomorrow
thank you Maria!
-_- this girl done started tweeting her relationship story & how he did this and that & blah blah.... Take that shit Back to FB
I hate but love waking up this late. Makes me definitely miss a lot. I slept for more than 8 hours and I'm still tired.
See you there Maria! :)
;; but at least I'm with friends now ! my flipflop broke too
Great effin #NBA finals game!!!
Finding purpose in the present moment
I'm ready for the weekend
True #Love has ACTIONS that infatuation, sexual attraction, & chemistry can only IMMITATE without a genuine follow-through. Ur #heart KNOWS
You are not always right. Get over it
Doing hatha and meditation while listening to the rain outside...so nice. Welcome fall!
4 work days. Then vacation in Vegas with my man! Wooohoooo
We remain cautious in supporting HB1238 b/c the research indicates that retention isn't a sustainable long-term solution
i may be reaching but i doubt it, the Nuggets would've been a better series. OKC would win, but they might mess around and sweep these boys
RT I believe in the IMAGINATION. What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see-D Michaels
Making others feel better generally makes us feel better."
Do "artisanal" hand-printed tees count? Just checking...for a friend.
Please help support The V Foundation for Cancer Research Auction on now through July 13th. Visit www.espnradio.com for more info.
does this offer still stand if I do it tomorrow?? Haha
Listening to
I am so tired I'm typing with my eyes closed.
You know what the #Heat need right now? Tebow.
I think twitter has become my new addiction, Au revoir facebook
everybody wanna be a follower now
RT : RT : Scan, sort, and report - that's what The Neat Company does for its clients.
bo! That stinks!
: If you don't like me, there's nothing I can do.Newsflash. I don't live to please you(:
RT : RT : I love gay people. Or as I sometimes call them, "people."-love this. Esp. From a Packer
Welcome to all the new followers and thanks to and for shining some light on us!
follow back?
Oops. Sorry about that.
Klout - we've all got it (including a score)
that is what I want - potential to analyze in context of previous readings. hey, so I could steal (er, borrow) your notes. ha
Friends reruns until 3am are going to be the death of me!
DUDE. I WAS!
you should change your last name to a different homonym. you should change it to Cristina WHY!?!?!
“: Children, if your middle aged dad tries to walk out the front door in skinny jeans - stop himNot a good look.” and vice versa!
The aging Boston Celtics will get a break in the second round. Home court advantage against the 8th seeded Sixers.
But but but I'm a techie, going to a tech conference! How am I supposed to I code without coffee? *cries*
YES!“: At least once every hr make sure u get up from your office chair to stretch, march in place, or take a quick stroll outside.”
Mindset & emotions, crucial! Enthusiasm for the project is what's currently sustaining my creative momentum. :)
Where will I be in 5 years? Shit, at this point I'm hoping the Mayans come through for me..
just got my electric bill. another thing on the enormous list of pros that california has over arizona. DAMN i'm glad i left AZ.
hanging around the city for the championship game?
and 2. Don't bury info about who you are 5 clicks deep on the site. Frustratedly yrs, Someone trying to get you some publicity. [-]
John Coltrane and Michael S Harper and students know neither, until today.
“: I am reading this article and I am just like wow” These are the times he was speaking of
Ah the joys of breaking into a new workflow!!
it LEIGH not lee
lol we tried ! ALOT niggas just don't know basketball *shrugs*
These pro-bowlers have worked their tails off all year to come to Hawaii and not give a rat's ass.
Hiding in the restroom stall with :P
Aaarrrggghhh! Jabbing went awry. Finger is now up nose. Apparently I cannot close eyes and jab at the same time:)
To prevent contraception - wear a condominium.
Holy infrastructure shizz...
btw I'm not short -.-
If the dollar bills let me - are you gonna go to #ultra?
you shut upp.
omygosh ! it apparently happened ! , so how now ? ..
Any QBs out there wanna throw hit me up
No idea. Why don't you ask her?
Some people need to remember family comes first before anything else. Dont get it twisted!
I'm going to Arlington to see Kelly Willis in concert on Sat. Bring back any memories from your Austin days?
everybody is talking but not really saying much because they just wanna hear their own voices.
hehe u welcome!! let's get started!!!! woot woot!!
Check out the new schedule tab on www.southeastinstitute.org
BBQ Is The Best Smell Ever!!!
JPalfrey on problems DPLA is solving: coordinating collective action; supporting users & use; mass digitization
hasn't lost a step Loving the new tunes bringin the noise and with an 8-string bass!?
I dropped my phone on the ground last night and the battery fell out. I have yet to put it back in !
What? We have a new episode? Peeps should refresh their iTunes feeds?
there needs to be an eye rolling emoji. I would use it all the time
We might as well avoid El Masons all together and just get drunk instead
get at me asap
I like saying hello to Zombies !
our LOUD PAK came vacuum sealed...
why ppl date and don't wanna marry
America, are you stupid? The Repubs cause financial crisis, want to steal Social Security from you, yet you'll vote 4 them? To do it again?
-______- Don't you just wanna slap the shit out of somebody when they say something that's really stupid..
yes they are who doesn't love them <3
never seen a bad game there. And if you're on a bay run during a game, you can stop for filed level view out in right for free
Ozzie should have stuck with the straight up apology. The language barrier thing just makes it worse
I'm in 💘 with life❕
That awkward moment when someone asks you what's wrong, and they're the problem.
instant replay is not the answer... Umpire accountability is...
hey could you follow me please you sang at my school and you were amazing:)
put her business card in the bowl and actually won. Free Japanese lunch time!
Life is not a spectacle or a feast; it is a predicament
The day is good, and the sun hits the store just right... Setting displays is like creating art.
thx for the fun screening of DARK SIDE OF OZ, had a blast and what a great turnout! We r excited for Saturday, tix just $30!
Judith Jarvis Thompson comes up with some wild stuff
Just finished reading "It's Not About the Bike: My Journey Back to Life " by Lance Armstrong - I laughed, I cried - Lance is an inspiration!
Just great. Now I can't stop thinking about Thanks.
"I like my men like I like my roses...long stemmed, cut, and by the dozen." Happy Valentine's Day
Thanks so much for including my story in your Health and Fitness Weekly! Happy #FF to you!
Just a few of my favorite ladynerds
um, there was a moment when she was good?
no she doesn't !
Chipotle was good
Then I wonder if what other people say, is true. I don't like mirrors. I get upset with my image. Because I won't be pretty or decent.
Getting ready to work out “: my pleasure, thank you also.. I am good just up for my morning coffee with fruit toast and you?”
Jack White
I tweeted a lot yesterday :) and that's rare lol I think Ima start tweeting more :)
Now listening to "lost ones" one of my favorite songs so far this is like my third time listening to it. Can't wait until the 8th!
of course he speaks english + the spanish lyrics came out in the bottom
That sounds like a good weekend. I'm hoping to sit in the park to read, play music, and eat some food with friends
forgot to say I saw you at City of Refuge Sunday with , your runs we're sick ridiculous. #Blessings!
Me too! ;) RT : Pumped about getting rejected thanks to
Wha? Dood! You better be at least half-smiling today or I'll kick you in your 'meh'. Congrats!
Turkeyy Bingoo Time! Be back later if I win a turkey I'll put up a pic but I'll be back later :)!
bed time for kitty and me
The presidential motorcade is right near me right now!!!!
Posting video on your website of your latest trade show successes is a tremendous way to nudge the fence-sitters to attend next time.
another good student suggestion for improving IT service: incl IT on student tours.
Good stuff!
We sure do! RT: #cancer will play the same playlist of songs on repeat for hours"
Big Bill is too big to fail!
they're all already pressflow merged. No option not to have it and was just making confusion. ;)
This is really depentant on the time of day for me.
okay, just let me go to willy wonka's factory and go in the stretching thing
I don't know why he bothers with them. He has a ton of loving fans he could reply to but he replies to the ones who constantly hate on him.
Love getting a Local kid but he will be recruited over in every step of the way! It's a 4 year kid though and that's gd
We are located at 125 Fleet Street. Saturday hours are 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM. That means be here and shop now. :)
My brother is finally home <3
was on a good roll this morning, then lunchtime came, and now I don't feel like doing anything.
you got our vote in round 2 of the mock mayoral race - and we hope to face off against you in round 3!
I remember when I had under 100 followers and was jealous I wasn't in a picture RT : i remember my first bandana
I hope my son's musical tastes evolve. Right now he doesn't seem to interested in much except disney songs.. which is still a-ok.
aw thanks :)
WOW!! J-Hud covered it in her own special way. And it worked! Tears flowing...
It's finally my turn. In less than 3 hours, I'm going to get #baked and #frosted and smothered in
“The secret to good friends is no secret to you” - fortune cookie :3
Close it out!
Managing and DJing at Bar Louie Water St. Brunch Launch tomorrow at Bar Louie Bayshore, Next week Brunch at Water St. Menu is amazing.
is bad on the low
- I heard Chuck Norris is looking for a day job ! Jack Bauer could be his sidekick in the stupid outfit.
OMFG. CHRISTIAN BEADLES JUST FOLLOWED ME . Omg.
doesn't say where or what it is. Seems like that could be mentioned. What is it? A secret?
my job is here !!!! Lol I'm 60 miles from downtown chicago....
So excited to do UNSEEN GUEST launch event at on the book's pub day. Tues, March 27th at 4 PM, Montclair NJ. Save the date!
Party city!
Things you don't hear people say anymore... Let me go get my beanbag.
Happy Valentines Day to everybody
Heyy there, just stopped by to sag I love you;) You're my inspiration to follow my dream <3 Follow me.? :)
Just tapped, 120 Min Imperial IPA (Limit 1 $3 Schooner only, NO GROWLER FILL on 120) let's spread the love
I'm better off alone.
If I don't get tickets for this tour I'm going to die. I just might spontaneously combust, Ohmygod I don't even want to think about it...
omg thank you so much :) this is my first fanfic that people are reading so i am trying to make it good. :)
All my life lessons I've learned from Mr. Feeney
I'd bet he could ref one tomorrow. You don't get that job without knowing the rules. I would say, however
This is the best feeling in the world. He makes me feel like anything is possible. Sounds kinda cliche but its the truth. ♥
If you want good quotes full of swag go follow and
Congrats on beautifully written story on Lin. One of the better things out there so far.
no prep is better, get ya education n shit. college is pretty much paid for
What was that? An exhibition? You need emotional content...
everyone turn their tubes to abc channel 6 ()! my big brudder is the news producer!
Not sure if I mentioned it before but we are now a Hunter Douglas authorized dealer!
I think Eventbrite does RT : Nice!! Could even prompt for a tweet @ checkout >> RT : ...
I hate my job.
Thanks for the shout out! We're so excited for tomorrow night!
hope you follow:)
Tom Creighton from giving talk on state of SCORM and SCORM next generation
The Holton Youth & Family Center is reopening. Share your ideas & input today from 12 - 2 p.m. at 510 E. Burleigh. Prizes, food, fun & info!
rt Fink I am guna go on the wii
RT If something is not happening for you, it doesn't mean it's never going to happen. It means you're not ready for it.
lol. We did Seafood on Thrusday and used the left overs for Cioppino on Friday. Yumm! HOme made garlic bread too.
if i can't check my character before i go to work i'll be upset, come on. I didn't pop addy's and stay up for 25 hrs for nothing
Colts TD baby! Here we go! Stop them Defense!
Bitch sit the fuck down.
The world's first website dedicated to fighting world hunger through one for one nutrition bars has launched!!! lovecrunch.org
- collects data on #financial behavior of #BoP #microbiz to create credit scores & transparency
My eyes are burning.
got you twet so yall can link up
At turner hall with my Mom for tony and tinas wedding, this is hilarious!
Get your 'To Swap' bags ready - we'll be opening drop off at 11am tomorrow morning at The Occasional Wife!
Thanks! Stalker! LOL
damn I wanna skip and listen to it now lmao
We'll have fun this weekend at the show. Tickets still available for tonight, but very close to sold out for tomorrow.
1 is the greatest game played
Kant run game on someone that know game:) ™®…
alrighty will do. Yes i am are you?
Throat A Lil Scratchy, buhh I still get Bitches!
There are so many fashion bloggers nowadays
The Verve - Bittersweet Symphony <3
RT iPhone, iPad, iPod, iTouch, I spend. ~ Dave Bullock
Hornet's nest: Kicked. Conservative Dad emails list of cos that support Planned Parenthood. I respond: Thanks! Now I know who to patronize!
Doritos, for breakfast?duh.
We Found Love! 5 Guys Who Should Wife Up Rihanna Rihanna has just about everything going for her these days.
it dnt matter wats going on keep it 100
I will make it to Woody Creek, CO and pay my respects to his memorial someday.
u shud be doing ur science work
lol I was laughing when I saw that tweet
Judging by the weather, the rapture's a week late in cleveland
Congratulations, Rachel. You have done well. Walk good.
Def got sunburn from that run
haha okay deal!
cant sleep.
I get the most interesting looks on the days I have to carry my tools with me.
But I like Team Paso for the gorgeous shirtless hotties!! Lol
The start of another semi-pro football season....and for the first time in 5 years I won't be covering a game. I think I'll get over it.
Excited to join the #socialSJSU class tonight! Any SocialCRM questions I can make sure and answer this evening?
I'm in shock and nervous as hell
Winner Tom Morello about to play and my phone truly dying. Hugely inspiring Hillman awardees.
Thank god
#Philly would love to meet you! Come to #kensington and check out what director is doing with !
Self-discovery increases your possibilities...
Thanks for the RT's & !
I will put it on my bucket list. Love to come visit friends! Smiles, Rochelle
We're at the War Memorial Plaza all afternoon across from City Hall! Come visit us and learn how you can advocate for a child in need!
Can't wait to see them done!
I walk to the office kitchenette to get tea and I find...GIRL SCOUT COOKIES!!! There goes my healthy eating, lol!
because I never see it anymore
THE HUMPTY DANCE. YES. This afternoon is going to be more productive than ever.
the entire world might have reached "her it age", the era in which it is okay to work in unison to make due.
Tomorrow, we wrap our first "location." Saturday we set-dress for our next "location." About a third done shooting. Unbelievable.
can we get a sneak peek?!?!
I keep an EMERGENCY book in my car just in case. P.G. Wodehouse if all other reading fails me!
We're outraged by the Trayvon Martin murder, but what about the young black children killed by other blacks every day? Asst Sheriff McCurdy
Can't wait for #Twins baseball @
9. Suggest the book 2 your reading group. Invite author to speak.
First dates for u is sending pics of ya hey
does it really work? What kind of info does it give back?
LORD KNOWS I LOVE ME A PRETTY GIRL IN A PAIR OF PRETTY SICK SNEAKERS!! (NIKES)
WILL BE AT THE Ventura Comedy Festival 2012 FROM OCT1 -7 ALL WEEK LONG VENTURA CA, GONNA BE A ROCKIN WEEK OF COMEDY I CAN USE YOUR SUPPORT
N using half the words that come out yo mouth wrong or plural nigga u ain't fooling no body lmao
movie Hangover II, 2011 Co:Warner Bros with all those trannies showing their penis to kids had that Asian man calling everyone niggas, hate?
Here refreshed and ready for a great 2012.
I'll deliver your food no problem and be darn glad to do it too! for any ?'s :)
Sitting down to review tweets past and I long for a 'noise filter' for this media
Somewhere in the ghetto there's a baby daddy getting cus'd out or kicked out of his house...
Designers: Do you have online portfolios? Where do you keep them? Facebook? Pinterest?
Affordable Moving company services for commercial and residential. Inquire from us for more info.
the best starts.. are almost the hardest ones .. keep running, not running away
Hate that I went through a serious burst of work and came out of it only to hear that. RIP
should show how we party in the D tonite! Cuz a Detroit party dont stop!
Virginia THATCampers: how about #thatcampva12 as the hashtag of record?
Please Enter you label into my Free Label Contest. Send the label to if you want to join.
The hardest job kids face today is learning good manners without seeing any
hey love
Potassium Iodide Sales Surge on Heels of Large Government Order MarketWatch (press release) MOORESVILLE, NC, April 13, 2012 /PRNewswire
hahahaha always gigglez when i see nyjer morgan in those goofy baggy baseball pants
YES. Now it's time to focus my powers on #QueenB! Re-writing it today!
Had a great time at church today.
just read all hostages released
Twitter handles for this morning's panels- Marketing and Advertising:
Watching the 'Cities' episode of America: The Story of Us, completely enthralling.
.RT : With Peralta & Salcido called up, only 1 overage spot left. It'll be a GK, & all signs point to #CruzAzul's Jesus Corona
Fort Collins! Come see us tonight at Ramskeller... 10:30 pm. Love u
Hey Lebron. Don't. Get. Married.
and no, I won't try to fuck your boyfriend. I am way too cool for him.
LMAO!! Really though?!? Except I changed my password so it won't help you much haha. I gotta update you on it lol
Breezy day + my parked car next to flowering tree + open windows = a suddenly very romantic backseat.
Will you be my Valentine?
": I wonder if we'll see a team play offense like this against Ohio State the rest of the season." Florida could stroke it
we will not be hanging out until the #stanleycup finals is over,
“: #greenonions” gonna watch the Blues Brothers tonight.
- laying groundwork for my first. Altruistic web app for ppl helping one another and strengthening their community. What's up?
I hate March madness cuts into
who's going to the Connect here in SF?
Monday Night is Service Industry Night @ Jade Monkey. Stop on in and get 30% off for service industry workers.
Thanks. I emailed .com as noted. i'm interested in hearing how this happened.
I wish she was here with me right now
Happy Easter from our family to yours! Come on down and visit the Easter bunny and enjoy our yummy Prime Rib specials.
I have diagnosed myself with public-bathroom-a-phobia...
Whats better than walking into the bathroom at ur place of business in the morning, turquoise blue water and the seat up?
15575 after 3 levels. Kid on my direct left keeps 3betting my opens at like 50/100
Join me on black Friday for a calendar signing to benefit Go Red For Women this Fri @ 8:45AM, Town Square Borders bookstore!!!
Honestly I don't kno.
And u wonder why JT Yates had success or Hakeem Nicks just to name a few ,I can go back to Edgarrin James
you are very welcome!
I got a lot of problems right now, but I'm still thanking God for the blessings
A Sugarland concert commercial just aired. Will they cancel the rest of their tour after tonight? hm ...
Thanks for raising awareness RT: chat with Food Allergy Health Activists on Monday @ noon EST & a tweetchat:
Beyond disrespectful.. I never noticed it.
I have been uber supportive since the Pens have been getting reemed, but even I am dismayed about tonight. Down 3 good players. 18, 45 & 7.
Omg I got a follow that said Austin Mahomies and thats all I saw and i thought it was you:( its not:'(
We will try! Lots to do! Luckily, it's a show free weekend. Hope you have a great one too.
Thanks to the fantastic #SouthAfricanTourism team for a great #INDABA2012. See you next time.
Let's drink! has 1/2 off wine bottles all night every Thursday in #Denver!
#AnnoyanceOfTheWeek Dads who take multiple kids to men's barber shops. Throws off the rotation. Take your kids to Kids Cuts!
give K my love! Drive home safe
At and I saw the Buckminster Fuller exhibit and am a bit disappointed in the lack of info about the geodesic dome at Lake Merritt.
She's the bomb .com
There aren't enough Fridays in the week. Don't let this one go to waste - cebrate with a delicious Stout from our Spring Variety Pack.
DJ Beach tonight at Chi Cha!
Loved that show when I was growing up, at least the first few seasons.
love the national anthem at the blackhawks!!
I really need to stop the afternoon naps ugh...
You know you're a girl if you had seen Mean Girls before.
They are going up as we speak. :) Links soon!
I love you
It'd just be so great if all girls were bald all of a sudden. lol
4 years for me now!
21 jump street was so funny (:
foshow am going to check you out but we looking for a beat make for the team so if we like what we hear we talk
Chicago sex workers: interested in tax workshop in late Feb? Still lookin for speakers. interest/suggestions email
My Biggest #SocialMedia Peeve = Getting 'Active' on #SocMedia Only After a #Crisis Happens
eating cake
RT : Yum! RT Perfect Guacamole: ...renowned guacamole is by far 1 of the most famous dishes at
Magic = Amazing
Nannies, don't forget to check out Facebook wall for great opportunities all over the East coast! Happy Monday!
#TWFanmily is such a great fan base! I'm glad I'm apart of it :)
W00t! RT : It's a busy week. We're hanging w/ tom & delivering food for on Sat. What about u?
Happy Birthday Again ! (:
Yep but was getting tired of random weirdos friend requesting - so removed search feature. One Sec.
Feel free to message me(:
Bless ya Rev. You good?
your so mean! lol but obviously you do since you took the time to read it..😜 haha
My new favorite super hero: Snackman from NYC.
Good advice! RT : If God can take a day off, so can you.
i need a new phone. like an iphone or an evo or just something better and more legit than my lame blackberry
loving this morning,living this morning, live is good this morning thanking the man above for these many blessings
lol u welcome, i go sometimes wen i feel like it dats how i kno
ikr and I'm trying
Toasting is an art #DID2012etiquette keep it short, sweet and simple
/G\ has seen my labor and I am finally getting my wages
Thanks #smbmad sponsors:
I'm playing black ops
My family is on my way yo my house for my moms party boy this gonna be interesting O.o
Gud Morning ..... Tryna have a blessed day nd don't let nobody f*ck it !!!
New legislation: No lobbyists to buy a democracy......
crises in the reflection lounge
You should try hating LeBron, too. It's fun, and almost always pays off around early June.
Sup guys in case ya didn't know camp rock 2 is in Disneychannel on demand
AH /Gus
Hey, I love you..bye. <21
Trying to take me 2 court 4 the same damn crime shit get dismissed every got damn time in my !!!😜
When everything seems like an uphill struggle, just think of the view from the top.
#IfYouKnowMeWell you'd know Brandon isn't just my fiancè, he's my bestfriend too & I trust him with anything. & that hes my hero too!(:
I was on the news tonight on NBC wfie 14 got my 8 seconds of fame thanks to in Madisonville today lol it was epic
Kevin, your passion is palpable. Thanks for sharing it. We'd love to have you come back and review portfolios 12/19.
Thanks for the good vibes tonight!
Need Sleep =P
Heading out to Europe right now! Love Atlanta though!
I hope everyone in NASCAR enjoyed a week off...now back to work!
knowin that this is my last year makes me sad but knowing my family & friends have taught me life lessons for the real world makes it better
the lone exception to the rule!
it's hard for me to want only one women when there are so many others that make me feel good when i'm with them to
Shes wearing some kind of dress with a big hat. I didnt even think it was all that weird...
You talked a lot about space/architecture today. Let me know if I (as UVa's Arch librarian) can ever help!
I sliped a roofie into ORANGINAS beer, but that Dummy took her drink and got roofied that day.
I need #oomf to cuddle:'D
WEE i do need something. I need a dip!-.- lol SIKE!
Wake up call for my first day of shooting courtesy of Bay Area fault lines.
ladies if he want to leave let him go....one mans lost is another man treasure
Updated 4cast: Clearing line along the Wabash River, slowly moving into SW IN. Should see some sunshine for area West of US 231
I'm at my cousin's graduation party and I am legit dying
Manny Legace heading to Canucks Camp.. because the only think better than one goalie that crumbles in the playoffs is two!
lucky! Lol i wanna see that so bad it looks hilarious! 
Uh...anyone having issues watching and getting sound?
Am I the only person who's getting really annoyed with launch day dlc? Why can't that be included on the disc?
tonight I'm going to drink myself into a fuckingggggg coma. I wish. fack mondays
. Remind you of a certain failed bomb plot in Catonsville?
Can you play One Thing by One Direction please? (:
if your gonna fuck with my feelings, expect to get yours fucked with worse.
i follow now.
So addicted to Boyfriend.. I seriously can't stop playing it :/
thanks for hanging out with us in CITYCENTRE last night! Hope you had a great time!
only 24 hours to go ....
Nice-I ran it last yr. Thankfully race day start/transport/corral process is better run than today's lottery announcment
Got my camp form today!
I have only lived here, for 1 month and its been repeat drama
Freakishly warm for a mid-November morning and a weird sky. Even in Cincinnati. Wonder what's coming our way.
Spent 9 hours yesterday in my 1st business bootcamp class w I am so energized & ready 2 take over the world!
NP! WE LOVE KTU & GREAT SITE YOU HAVE MATT! 'From the city that LOVES to dance' - we definitely do :) Ava & Loretta
I'm determined to let my sphere of influence reach Biblical proportions "Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature."
haha! so entertaining!
ready for #alamw11 ? we're busy prepping a panel on E-books- Saturday 8:30-10, SDCC Room 02. Come and register to win Sony E-Reader or Nook!
his isn't a balanced breakfast though!
Thursday @ the Moose - Peach and Roasted Yellow Pepper Bisque -
Cosign RT : Skip Bayless doesn't like Fletcher Cox, I love this pick more and more by the second.
Might be down there memorial day causing ruckus lol
My Fair Wedding
Thanks for the follow!
Starting to plan topics for training tracks at next year's JiveWorld11 conference. Send me requests. It'll be a full day this time
Dammit. This is really, really sad.
While I toil away at editing episode 27 of Parlour to Parlour, is jamming to Prince at the Oakland Arena. Me jealous? Why yes!
well, I didn't get to attend the dinner, just the parties. And I was working, so...
Santa Monica High , class of 2014?😏 Hm ...
Sometimes when you give up on someone its not because you dont care anymore, you just realized that they dont
and you don't get as many gifts!
you know, they are hiring for a new doodler right now! Too bad I really don't want to move to CA.
About to drink scotch & listen to the decline with my brother
and Printers Row Lit Fest is June 9-10. Save the date.
Got a package in the mail today from Sweden. I'm tempted to open it, but I should wait until I can record it for "Mailbag Thursday" :/
Ugly game! Ugh
I wish I could sleep like everyone else :/
Yeah Buddy!!!
I wonder if they speak French :)
Home aquaponics guide Blog: How extended does an insurance ...
look incredibly sluggish today. Lacking precision, effort, and overall skill. Absolutely pathetic.
Looking for a contract #recruiter gig in
How's workout 12.2 treating folks.? A little different than burpees.
see you there mr Kevin
Tony is a little cocky though.
#nowfollowing Hey boo! :)
Why is the pool so low
that's the only sad thing about sunshine. haha.
What does it take to find the PERFECT pair of jeans? Stay tuned for Monday's ultimate how-to blog by Jeantherapist Ashley!
good! How have you been!
“: Pray WITH me so I know it's real” <-- couldn't say it any better.
Man, the iPhone feels tiny now!
whoohoo, see you there, hoping for sunshine!
Does this ff only happen on friday? :-)
Google+ is not used enough for G to figure out how to use it for SERPS. That will soon change.
It's opening day for the ! I wish I was going
LOL ~ I've been twittering since I started hours ago!!!!!!
Is going to be a groomsmen at your wedding?
It's snowing!
Good news: The "Shame" soundtrack will only make you want to kill yourself half as much as the movie.
New international students are on campus for Orientation.
lhh my beetch said she tan wit baby oil lhh ion play wen it comes to baby oil an lotion lhh
Today is World Autism Day...to celebrate, I am working with some amazing little boys who are diagnosed with it...
looking forward to meeting you Saturday with
Why is it that no matter how many you good plays you make, it's the horrid misses that stay with you??
I wonder who the first person to fly through a cloud was. What if some of them were solid?
Wow, Thanks for response. Look forward to see what you have in store.
"The best investor is your customer."
#orphans8 up next: Jaime Partsch presenting on the films made by Governor Jesus Pinero
Brunch is served
If I disagree with my wife or another woman is that a "war on women"? Why is everyhing reduced to a"WAR"?Unravel this please!
Mother's Day is coming up! I want to thank all the mommies who have loved us from day zero. You are
so happy to have spent this morning talking to middle schoolers about applying to college! it's never too early!
I'm so excited and looking forward to a completely fresh new outlook on making music!
Who sucks more? The assclowns who follow to promote the creepy #Justhookup, or the No-talent-assclowns who say "follow for 1,000 followers".
I'm at the game. Looks like they partied a little too hard last night. The problem is that the Warriors don't miss.
Hell yea OSU, hell yea Louisville
nice uni's
I have chills.
That's Why When Y'all Ask Me About 6/6 & If I'm Excited. My Excitement Is Contained Due To Preparation But I Am FIRED UP
Merry Christmas from the My Sinatra family!
I can't respond to your DM, but feel free to use them. That's why they're CC licensed. :)
Ohh #50ShadesOfGrey you are tearing me up tonight! Why do you have to be such a guilty little pleasure?!
i carried a watermelon.
Store your garbage in areas not accessible to your pet.Heat speeds up the decomposition.The ingestion of spoiled foods can harm your pet.
The recipe calls for half a cup of sugar-- my bad, I meant a whole cup. Looks like I FLIP-FLOPPED!
Under Bush it was over 11trillion, has continued to grow since 08 meltdown. Not all increase on Obama. Tell the Truth!!
The new Marshall's Ad starring our very own is out and she looks incredible!!
wrote wrong, rather?
Miami's largest 2-day business conference for women is heading down to The Miracle Theater! Over 700 women – Miami's smartest, coolest,...
Visit LJ/SLJ booth for info on our Ebook Penetration Reports and Patron Profiles - chocked full of all sorts of hard data on...
what's a guy got to do to get a RT? I love you. Hurry back to the states.
Osama bin Laden's last words to be published online today - Daily Mail
Ah morning. Crazy dream last night. Like wrestling with the devil shit. Must be the nicoderm... or that nightline faceoff.
Shocking news of the day: I'm AT the RC track watching Martin race.
Congrats to Ted Van Griethuysan, best supporting actor, resident play in Much Ado About Nothing with The Shakespeare Theate Co.
HA! Yes, that actually was sad.
my friend Meagan coon said "I like his voice, he's a pretty boii(;" she said it after I show her you Adele video(:
Yes Suns as well.
So on my way to work a guy tried to holla at me... I was thinking hm clearly I don't have a car how would we go on a date the bus boy bye!
thanks for the Retweets!
Really CBA for a really snow filled winter... Hate when there's too much
"what game should I play next?" "moo moo farm." I just realized how stupid I sound.
People already assuming Shit about me and my boyfriend . Like get a life !
Collect rainwater, and use it to water your houseplants and garden!
Starting research for the next book...Text You for Teens.
sell, tell, & tag
Every time I bite into a Cadburry Creme egg I'm hoping there is a real egg yolk in there one day.
Aware of both of them...partially b/c of them I'd like to see more that argues tightly from the Aristotle's texts.
Happy Birthday dude! From the USA! :) Have a great one dude! :)
At another wedding. Its so lovely. Then to Salvi's for dinner!!
love jamming, great mood Happy Valentine's Day to all Muah!
Sometimes, the more you hide your feelings for someone, the more you fall for them.
Pizza is a fine Friday meal! Good day! Seeing a friend I haven't seen in almost a year!
I wish :( No b/c I need cakes stocked for cust but also need coolers for baking/cool down. Hoping to fix one tonight but $$$!
Rather give it to Keuchel for now and let Clemens get a few more starts.
I'm nation wide when it come to these hoes
Thank you for mentioning us, Ms Tiffany. <3
You alright? :( Hurry up and get famous so you can hire a bodyguard.
It's too late for the otherside
Are you trying to buy tickets or reserve a specific table?
Damn Hot Shit , Gonna Be My Signature on my Beats!! B_FreeOndaBeat Daily!!!
We are about to add a NEW fan page due to the typo in the vanity URL, so watch for an announcement on Dave's personal page w/the new URL
DITTO! Lets go
Admiration of ya waist, salavating for a taste
#iLikePeopleWho r just like me
Anybody who mentioned chocolate-chip cookies on their presentation got A+++++ from me.
If Your Single Make This As Your Status & Whoever Inboxes You A '♥'Theyy Wanna Change That
awe hope ur ok now
I'm so sorry :\ I know it won't be the same Dunn was the best and he will be missed. Love you Bam Bam<3
oh, i get it.
Thank god my room is in the back of the house!
Back in NOLA. Cleaning and getting ready for guests. Also, anyone know much about FrontPage 2003? My New Year depends on it. Thanks.
I actually did write something for that but I'll try and rework it for something that would be read by the public and not just me
Got to volunteer at the today! Lots of new stock getting priced and up on the shelves.
It was a tough choice but the right one Nicole.. keep up the great work!
“: Some must follows for you ” Thanks
I just wanna see you strip.
I try to keep my balance but I still fall. But how do I fall so hard, right into your arms?
De que parte de Colombia ?
Wow I'm boring #notmuchishappeninginmylife #why?
didn't. Thanks!
g pisses me the hell off!!! Down south ain't been no where nigga stuff!!!!!
Keep your secrets with you girl, safe from the outside world
they also need the northern part to get the oil from Canada. Kind of pointless to have northern part.
I am a perfect example of imperfection...
Hope u all got 2listen to my old band on myspace
Better--if you cut a deal with Nabisco before you start eating.
Franchise Tax Board: check your inboxes for our latest news release on returned refunds. Will post a link when it's available
Got a win this weekend. Now we are very close to having the championship wrapped up!!
Follow our CEO to keep up with what’s going on in the sports world.
I'm currently placing a piece of cheese onto a sandwich. Now delicately placing Dijon mustard. DO YOU LIKE THIS SHIT JANELLE?
"The brown suit AND a yellow tie?!? C'mon, man!" ~glad I'm not the only one who thought that. Here, I was thinking I was shallow...
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE ! #soblessed thank you to everybody in my life! Love you al ! <3333 (:
that's going to happen to me more than once, i know it! :)
Support local entertainment!
MB location will be opening for brunch on the weekends effective immediately, first 30 guests will get a Simmzy's trucker hat too
I wish we woke up around the same time like they do in movies!
Why don't i own mean girls on dvd?
Just finished working out for 2 hrs. Was hard, but I feel so good! & we're having gorgeous amazing weather in Dallas today!
This tweet is for holla
LETs Go SUNS
he is not against gay people or gay rights. He is just not in favor of same sex marriage.
S/O to our Friend he's doing big things!!!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP<
Hello November!
There is a girl here with no pants on.
Dialogue will get you to the solution. Your customer may not even know what they need, so ask questions!
RT : If you have a "class set" of mobile devices then you're only getting about 20% of functionality-- Travis Allen
need to stop the
ha, love it!
blergh when someone tells me they've been sick, it automatically makes me feel sick
Jim Croce's "Say I love you in a song"?
u still awake? call me
Since I'm gonna be alone alot, might as well be alone in my own place.
HELLO! Thanks For the Follow.
I don't think I'll ever master the art of knowing whether my socks are black or navy in the morning light. #mismatched #thehorror!
Hey Anusha! This is the show Ashwin and Tushar were telling you about! Great skyping yesterday!
haha I'm sure he will too
I read y'all statuses and I know why some of yall single ..ijs -- Lol..
Being in pain sucks
also and most important just know that your beautiful any guy would be lucky to have u. He will come :)
ha, spice is a good way to put it!
I ♥ you lady.
When was the last time that you painted a wall?
JUST GOT HOME FROM A BEACH SHOOT. WAVES KICKED ME ASS GOT MY WEAVE WET.. THANK U GOD FOR INDIAN HAIR
I always wondered why I would get shot at every time I wore a hoodie?! Thanks, Geraldo Rivera!
If you're a bird, I'm a bird. <3
You didn't eat because you thought you'd vomit in 1-on -s? We're not THAT intimidating! BTW want to read RENEGADE kthx.
Rice and beans tried to stab me, and broke out with the kids !! Moral of the story, food looks good, you eat it, then it turns into shit.
The same goes for cats. RT : "Quickest way for parent to get child's attention is to sit down and look comfortable."
6 game basketball tournament today! wish me luck. lets go eagles!!! :)
apologies if anyone got a few DMs in a row -- i think there were troubles on both outbound and inbound - i got 7 in a row from one tweep
yea brother , I was just there and asked to get on stage
I just heard John waters is hitch hiking through Indianapolis??
the Whites are insane
Ha...my is so crazy that I have to laugh it of sometimes...I always try not to give up, but it just feel like thats best thing I can do. -.-
Shot shot ahot!
Shoulda driven to work today. No traffic and holiday bus schedule. Oh well, happy #VeteransDay!
Next year, I'm going to be bummed. I won't be a teenager anymore. I'll be 20. :s
I hate when people assume they know everything about me, when they don't know the first thing.
I just wanna go home -_- I mean being kidnapped by friends is cool and all but......
diversity training?
Whats on TV?
Keep up the good work! “: Day 3 of training for the ... Start with a 3 mile beach run. LEGGO!!”
I have not been on twitter all day!
ok st. elsewhere
I would probably piss myself and cry anyway I just want to be calm when it happens. Because zombies are not to be underestimated.
#getaclue President Obama invoking the 14th amendment is not a solution.
When I was 8 I was obsessed w/ it.
big loss for your bulls.
house of hunan and fortune cookies 2 meals for $12 alchemy is amazing $3 any entree. (Mooshu pork is fire)
EVERY TEARDROP IS A WATERFALL
Can I be in your next movie? I will move to Baltimore for you. - Gena from Glass M's
I don't like kellin, but happy his baby was born safe(:
The modern Olympic movement was founded to encourage young people to become physically active and follow a healthy lifestyle and ... (cont)
Just witnessed history- Gay Men's Chorus sang National Anthem at the Wizards game- an NBA first I am told! Thanks to the Wizards 4 ho ...
Linear Actuators and Control Boxes -Progressive Automations
I wish I still weren't attracted to you 😔
I mean of course it's raining too.
fantastic! Great idea to come early
It's so sad to think that. SMDH I would value love over sex anyday! damn
Melvin Gordon and Derek Watt were easily the most impressive players on their reparative sides of the ball during Saturdays scrimmage.
Comen up to the skoo to get my homework
Watching THE preacher's Kid..... :D
Why is Dirk so well protected? Everytime he gets into a scuffle, he has secret service protection the rest of the night.
Don't 4get 2 talk about the total lack of respect Rs currently show the POTUS; publicly rooting 4 his failure.
You? Think how I feel!
'Tis better to be followed and unfollowed than never to be followed at all.
Yes! It was a blast.
SPEs can get ~half hour warning. Not enough for orbital flight, but enough warning to ground a suborbital flight!
My birthday is in 3 days! wooooohooooooooooo (:
1) don't ever take a pic in the mirror, unless you're in jersey. 2) I think that is against corp rules to wear those off duty
Recipe contest again.The best recipe won a free 3 months installation of eMenu or a free meal. Mail your recipe at
haha you can be when you need to be! Lol and I haven't heard from you in awhile!
yayy ! do you like it ?
haha why not?!
Two jobs, two classes, 5 hours volunteering a week....summer is about to get busy. I hate being an adult.
Iran Nuclear Talks ‘Constructive’ After 15-Month Halt
“: Congratulations to Meredith!” I'll pass that along, thx Melissa !!
Are the librarians the most dangerous people in Stained-by-the-Sea in the new Lemony Snicket All the Wrong Questions?
Nationals catcher Wilson Ramos was kidnapped in Venezuela on Wednesday night
So Sunny outside. Come and check our Patio. Open 12am to 2am daily! Great wine and great food!
Gm everything is everything. Making time on a monday morning
and tonight!
~Walter Savage LandorThe only way to avoid being miserable is not to have enough leisure to wonder whether you are happy or not .
i wanna get kissed in an old telephone booth in the pouring rain .. too much to ask ?
Thanks Red. I hope so too. Hope you have a wonderful Friday as well, and a great weekend. Enjoy.
I don't need a man to take me out. sometimes it just nice to go alone B-)
Get some traction first, then fold us in. Super excited!
whats good fam, u going to ciaa/promoting any parties there. yours truely & considering stop'n thru the tar heel state!
Mr. Mature, do you always have to speak in order not to be understood?
Swimsuit shopping :)
The killer instinct is good and bad.
1974 - Paul #McCartney and Wings releases "Band on the Run"
please send your questions and comments along to and we will be glad to assist you in any way...Cheers!
I am having no problem updating pics. maybe it is a browser issue. Try holding down shift and press reupload page before updating
"for safety you can't bring cameras into the comcast center" no kiss it's just you that don't want us to have cameras or food or water >.>
#chuuch RT : When you have a setback, don't step back. God is preparing you for an ultimate comeback.
At Brian's house ! Bout to get this shit crackin!!!
JELLO I MEAN HELLO
Opening Day of baseball season from Tokyo in 3 hrs, 13 min. Still don't know how I'm gonna see/hear it, but the all-nighter's in full effect
Scott Pilgrim vs the World was loosely based on the life of Our Hero, fighting off jilted ex-recruits on the way to Madison.
I don't know he does it a lot
“: "When I run, I feel like _______________"” Evolution. :)
jobs. Which is false, what is true is that IT IS A POOR WAY TO CREATE JOBS. Very few hire cuz they have xtra cash they hire to make
Adjunct faculty should be permitted (and encouraged) to teach courses in their areas of expertise! Fear not, we will still teach FYC!
Thanks for the RT :)
If I see one more wp_enqueue_script in a header file I'm going to... argh! Do it right and put it in a function.
I miss
I couldn't move. It was ridiculous. Like I was frozen. I couldn't even...omg. I almost fuckin' died and I'm not even exaggerating.
Just had some toast and a cup of tea yay :) ♥ #feelhappy :D
NY bound, exhausted..
What is seen is in the "eyes (& heart) of the beholder!" Do you see wonder or amazement or is the world around you depressing cruel & lost?
i am really tired, Good Nite
& it's only ONE WAY to find out !
That totally doesn't sound weird at all. : )
Woohoo! Mega-stoked for 's visit.
Thnx 4 attending last nite. Looking fwd to a 3rd yr of spinning 45's for everyone each month! And now we move on 2
I want..love this song..1D
I feel a lot of pressure to really 'deliver' on my first tweet. Wait. Is tweet a proper noun? Upper case, no upper case?
Love when my film gets exposed to light
Hey I Went To See Drake Yesterday!! He Killed The Stage With Lil' Wayne!
Please be sure to watch Channel 10 tomorrow at 8pm for the Top 10 Historical South Florida Locations. Please note the time change.
thanks for following.
dirty ass youngin'
Hello, I would like to say many things but most important is that in every song I steal your heart ... I love you! <3
Ahh back to Florida hopefully last time for awhile. I'm trying to bring back the weather with me #Tweeps!
INBOX: "Two enormously important issues, Occupy Wall Street and nuclear safety, are coming to a head this week."
Few more hours til I'm off... Yes
Every celebrity I follow on Twitter is going to the White House Correspondents Dinner.Now I'm going to say that I'm going too.
-gasp- theres no Nando's in San Antonio
Needs to go to sleep! Spanish stuff stuck in my head!
New show - "Russian Dolls", aka Jersey Shore Russian style. According to my friend: "Lips - huge. Bling - blinding." I weep for my culture.
we need to go on a hunt for the mountain lion this weekend
Even though it's fucked up girl I'm still fucking wit ya damn
What do #Muslims do for leisure in your area?
Come visit us at the spring flea today!
After a week out of town w no technology, it's hard to get back to work.
Marv Albert trying to add some drama: 2:32 left "in regulation." It's 115-82, and the Lakers aren't the comeback Clippers.
flyers are in. we'll be seeing you soon, streets of boston
OTC cough and cold meds are not approved for kids under 6. Try lemon juice-honey-and-warm water with saline nose drops and steam showers.
pls RT -just over 30 minutes b4 u can xmas shop & get a fabulous gift 4 $1
Last call to get your final questions in for #SportingExplore!
Oh you know I'm counting them? Lol ;P
dat aint where u at!!!!!lol I like 5 star breakfast to!!!!
Tim Tebow changed his dog's name from Bronco to Bronx. I guess next year he'll change it to Stampeder or Argonaut.
If you don't love them then why are they great films? Technically impressive? What does great mean in that context?
i wanna see abduction :) who wants to see it with me? =D
I will probably end up writing a song about Lyme disease and my two new tick friends, Stalker & Andrei Rublev.
Haha gosh I hope you aren't listening to that somehow. I need to destroy all those recordings.
s/o to #follow this girl!
I need sum new ppl to rap to
My teachers stay on the phone , so I do the same thing
Tommorow is exactly one month till graduation
Uhh just found out my gym isn't charging for #TRX anymore....sick!!
Glad you are excited! =) Thanks for the mention!
Hey Alexis! Thanks for the follow. How’s your day going?
you can shaadduup here too! Ha
one of my favorite shows on tv
Boston loves what you do!! Keep up the good work and keep believing!! Follow us back?
Its ok! Lol
yup. that's what I actually did!
Number 72 for an open call that started at 10 & I'm already back home? Although I got cut & it's raining, I'm a happy camper :)
This dude said Victoria Ortiz's new nickname is "Take 2 of these and call me in the morning" How funny is this?!
RT : DALLARA SAYS GREEK EURO EXIT COST WOULD BE `IMMENSE'
dear vcu officials, what a bunch of gaylord fockers you are.
Happy Birthday Crafty Goodness! The store officially turns one today!
I oppose SOPA and PIPA. They will damage the open internet as we know it. Please help.
Come home, it's too cold for me to take GBunB out.
Hey can u follow me? Its miguel from Ahills.idk if u remember me though
Jillian for your information im already done for today and you better believe I'll be in chicago this summer.
It's going on the ballot in Minnesota in November, too.
smh gotta stay after a walk, what's that four walks today for Braun? lol
I feel like we can finally talk!
Loved the segment -but you guys missed the MIDI turntable & scratch tv- which was released b4 the devices mentioned
When your dad is secretly a bitch to the same person you hate (: thanks for takin my side dad, love you <3
How exciting, real people followed me today. It doesn't happen as often as it used to. Welcome and :)
Here's a gem: When being musically 'creative' (i.e. composing) all else pales into oblivion, until the piles of letters fall over.
Come get some, you little bums. I got a lot, and you can't get none.
Awww Man I Love My Bitches!!!!
The text I just sent >>>
coffee, helluva drug
That would be fun to read. :)
Yeah, I talk about my sex life in public and on twitter. Simply cause its great and idgaf who knows it.
MLB season. Must... resist... U-verse upgrade...Ah!!!!
very nice:)
Recruiting for a #legal #library #assistant for a long-term #temporary opportunity in DC, contact me if you are available and interested!
haha. Nice! Any luck?
Time for a roll call -- Name, institution, background, etc
Our team just got back from installing a Cosmic Golf course and a Lazer Frenzy in Australia! Expect pictures soon
ok baby!
God. Im so tired. And sick. First im hot and now im freezing.!
SOX: Another great game from the #RedSox in support of Felix Doubront (6 IP, 3 H, ER). Second straight win over #Indians by 4-1 score.
no, no, no just no. I can't. Sophie can't be gone, let's all pray that she's okay. oh.my.god
Get yo Ink Game Right
Spring Season for The Constitutional starts on Thurs. 4/1. Tours will run daily through November. Check www.phillywalk.com for schedule.
John Raese opens 7% lead in #WVSen. Now leans #GOP in latest BOP.
ohh I know I am!! But he is undeniable and my girl emotions want him!
Everybody is different. One person may feel the benefits with only 250mg whereas someone else may need 500mg.
and of course..it fascinates u.haha
i see bunnies,.. and pastel flashbacks....Happy Easter...PEEPS!
#BESTFEST RT Thinking we will be before the game, if nothing comes up from friarhood. stop by for a drink
{Chevy QOTD} What is your BIGGEST pet peeve with other drivers?
Playing spoons > homework
Illinois is now the Shaw Me State!
Peyton greatest role model athlete ever?
Being a kid running up pyramids in mexico with my brothers racing next to me.
Yes! RT Now WC wisely telling everyone to read Kim Stanley Robinson's Mars trilogy. I agree!
follow back and give a shoutie?:) - Ashley
Don’t deprive yourself of tamales if you’re vegan or gluten free- We have plenty of options to satisfy your diet and your appetite.
Gronkowski is the new Tebow. F him and the #Patriots GO RAVENS!!!!!!
First news of the day: from 2 to 3 pm, visit the Spanish pavilion at and enjoy our delicious chocolate and cava!!! cheers!
forget a TV guide, The trends on twitter told me that forgetting sarah marshall was on and that bo burnham is on conan
I'm on the G.G preview for this weeks episode yay!
Twitter me this twitter me that!!???
you wish you were as fresh as me :) ur 1 step closer if you check #karmaloop and #plndr save 10% EVERY MFKG TIME w/ repcode MARYJANEEATER
RT : Edwin van der sar...some great saves today...nothing new there then!
I gotta testify. Come up in the spot lookin extra fly. Til the die I die, I'mma touch the sky<3
I got the iBook bible on the ipad too, I can't find the new king James though. Do you have the New King James?
Did the Giants really want to rely on a field goal in the city of the "idiot kicker" quote? Twitter is over-reacting once again.
. Put it this way: If your job involves having pols on both sides of an issue call you back, then perception is huge
what im afraid of more is rejection
Will it teach her to drive? (When I was a kid, my dad HID Car Wars from us, because it wasn't how you really drove a car.)
there would be a cutout of me on ebay..
10 And after fathering Cainan, Enos lived 815 years, continuing to have sons and daughters.
you use the phrase "Faith family" a lot in the book radical. Is it just another word for church?
Dear Evelyn, Hey girl we havnt talk at all. I miss you a lot. Your so beautiful and so sweet and kinf an i love you. ur the best friend ever
how loud is it right now at the arena?
Person dies in movie; "Eh. They probably desevered it." Puppy dies in movie: "WHAT THE F^CK! WHAT DID THE PUPPY DO?!"
yea Joe you wouldn't get this one! He played in the early 80's.
Sounds like me grading final essays -- due Tuesday at noon. Eek! Why am I checking Twitter???
congrats! proud of yu son..
Q2. Benefits/drawbacks of working in #travel?
tell your mom Wonderbread approves! That'd be so amazing.
Q: What is the dynamic range of a bass trombone? A: On or off. HA we are STILL laughing at these!
gift card makes life simple. Probably go with that.
I really can't believe lil Wayne signed limp bizkit to young money .... Seriously
THXS 4 THE FOLLOW.HAVE A GOOD ONE.
stream netflix over the ps3. cheap and it will waste alot of time
skyline drive??
Fuck it, who needs a best friend like you?
well you've got great taste in music
ur right. my bad. i thought he was a restricted FA.
Congrats, ! Your name was picked to win the second I-Tunes gift card. We will DM you soon!
oh and did i mention that i was 21........
": BREAKING: Disco legend Donna Summer has died; stay tuned for more updates."
Im pissed tf off frfr ppl get on my nerves..
your opinion on #breastfeeding is misguided and really ignorant...to compare it to public urination shows how dumb you are.
Happy International Women's Day!
It's Coo Cause I'ma Make My Way San Antonio Texas & Hopefully I See A Spur Out Running & Shit .
Eminem Chrysler commercial was way better. :) see you at #blogchatliveSXSW again this year?
i will miss tweeting. Won't be the same. Have a good time at your moms. Don't forget to tweet me up when you get back.
Apparently there is a jet fuel fire at the
LOL...you know you're out of line for that. Enjoy the gamer pretty lady, hope it's not the last for us!!!
#Bbworld11 New Behind the Blackboard coming soon.
awww :( i hope u start 2 feel better!
WHAT'S UP BUTTERCUP? WHOA WHOA WHOA WHOA.
Wow.. I tweet "DONE" to and and they haven't done a shout out :( plz guys! I'm begging you, I need a shoutout!(:
AERA went fast! Heading home
Alright, what do YOU think about them remaking Dirty Dancing?
count me in too....4 girls here!!!
1,000 fans pay. Michael Hayes on color commentary says "I held the attendance record" in Dome "until tonight."
Im Hiring customer service, sales, dispatch operators, & managers in Union, NJ
TODAY!! Crab Spinach Omelette/ Bacon, Cheddar, Onion Browns or “NurburgRing” Sausage Benedict!! Last day for the "NurburgRing" special!!!
Im a dirty girl *spongebobvoice
Your killin' me!
Dude - you're the best reality show host in the business. You're my vote for the new host of "X Factor!"
Eventually... hopefully i`ll find a guy who isn`t an asshole, ugh
Really excited to see Freddy Couples has a share of the lead in It'll be tough to hold on but I'd love to see him win.
thank you, thank you thurr sexy ((;
I wanna be vegetarian, this includes not eat Seafood? I do not eat meat, chicken and fish. please reply me :) <3.
I am working on this goddamn book, no time for love Dr Jones
Today is my birthday also  happy birthday!
Countdown to the opening of the exhibit #canyouwalkaway on Feb 17! 10 more days! #slavery,
i think ella is the only one having any fun
awe i love your pic! Haha
Small choices we make every day can have a major impact on our health. Customize Taco Time’s menu items with light and healthy options.
Where else can you go and shop for fun smelling absolutley tempting mouth watering Foot Scrubbys Did i mention 30 Flavors(scents) oops yumm!
LOVE THIS!!!!!! RT : OB: U can get pineapple on your pizza, but the "Bacon" is on the street Go to claim your prize.
I want lips tattooed on me 💋. Is that ghetto?
That is why the DSM criteria alone shouldn't be used to diagnose. There are many reliable assessments for ASD evaluations.
E-mail any photos of yourself showcasing your love of the Wild Things to by April 18th!
hey check us out :] we're new to vegas and we're going to be playing some shows here soon.
lol you would know huh? 😉
Fuck around and put her to bed!
I have a bad taste in my mouth. I was there for Easter. Plus, it's hard to get up and go. Long flight from Vegas.
We were heavy in amnesia last night .. BK tonight!
I know what you mean. I only found out because the beta download links disappeared. Was surprised there was no fanfare.
Hey , when do and myself get an official press release?
Going to b.v.m carnival tomorrow 👍
I bet Pioli had microphones installed in the beanbag game.
Followed! Thanks for following us as well!
How is everyone doin??
In studyhall listening to music and then language just watching videos,skittles and mnsters for lunch and my 2 others classes are easy C:
: I think Bkin and ER are completely overrated and #TruthHurts is blatatnly underrated
feel better. :/
There isn't any offshore anymore; it's all onshore ~ Walter Wriston
lol hold on Dang
#4-Ray Lewis-MLB-Baltimore Ravens
your phone change is confusing my imessage. It still thinks it can imessage you, so it takes 5 years for it to send a text D:
Best of luck to my hubby Tom Brady today
that's what she said
I love the weather undergrounds foliage map if you haven't seen it
If you call, dont whine about your gold! LOL RT : I have no gold anymore. Probably will never hold it again...
RT : Fantasy football is close RT : NFL and players accomplished a ton today. Are truly getting close to deal
Yay! No worries, I'll come get you. It's from 12-6, but I wanted to be home by the time the kids get off bus. Pick you up @ 10:30?
thanks man! I'm sure we can make it in a month of coldness! Need warmer TOMS!
if they were so happy why do they need to meditate. or did you mean medicate?
Thank you! Have a nice weekend.
Some dudes first time in a plane behind me, he's freaking out. He asked the FA, what's the take off like?" fingers crossed, no puking
Got the win last night on senior night. Now 10-12 heading in to our last reg season game with Lincoln on Friday.
I was gonna go with 'informative' but it was too many characters!
unfortunately no.They will however help u impress the ladies & help you on the search 2 find the future mrs Gav
Awful way to begin the morning. Dumb circumstances.
Gene Kelly looks at the screen while hitting on Debbie Reynolds, its rather disconcerting
Wow, Rinaldo just absolutely wrecked Volchenkov. Looked clean on first replay.
No problem! Hopefully people make it in but we want to make sure people are traveling safe.
Thought the ACM's weren't too bad of a show, what did y'all think? Any surprises, bad performances, strange combos, good performances???
guitar lessons!
Bout to get my counseling on and then I'm going to work. Lets get it ;-/
thank you for following me ..
do you have a new url?
why are you not the show today sportsnation i love it i want to see you on tv ??
J. Moss with crazy worship @ Yesha in Philly! He did his thang! To God be the Glory!
Let them eat cake!! ;)
It's like, if someone is tweeting you or texting...they're awake don't ask.
The Artist! Have you seen it? Sounds like 9:30 is the time. I'll let you know if anything changes.
Prom tonight! O.o Also my last day of being a 16 year old!
Want 2 THANK YOU ALL 4 making it out 2 classes this gorgeous Monday morn & afternoon - here's 2 your love & support!
join me near front.
so you want to marry your gay cousin ? Got it .
watching right know
Oh yeah, who is getting cookies delivered to them!!???? Yup me and
Can we get Nancy Grace on suicide watch? /via
I'm determined to see the dictator tonight.
Rise&Grind another day @ work who wants a new tattoo this month? Comment under this post and let know are some of your ideas
you looked gorgeous in my jewels darling!!! Mwa mwa kisses love you!!
Hello tweet world! We are First Class Rentals providing luxury short & long term rentals. Get more for less!
seriously I'm in the same boat
Wooohoo and plus, who in their right mind would even attempt to unfollow you Jess?
1 more reason to despise Paul Ryan. RT : On Morning Joe, Paul Ryan admits to being lifelong Cubs fan.
that's the thing, it worked at school when they tried to fix it
If you want effect change on an issue you have to tell the story through new and traditional media.
you should get an otter box for your iphone there like the best case for the iphone
What if the whole world followed me
Yes, please!
Good segment on regarding copyright infringements on
Actually it was live channel 5..
Stop and stare I think im moving but I go no where
This year's quizzo bowl would be a lot better if it stole the ending from Inglorious Basterds
so over the whole wall street vs. main street rhetoric. aren't there any creative journalists who can come up with something better?
#NewYorkTimes says "Taliban offshoot group worrying western officials." What would we do without a boogeyman?
I'm gonna learn how to play this stupid song if it's the last damn thing I do.
Gettin thru this workday.....got the bm in my inbox, atleast she civil, but sorry thats a no no.
that's great to hear, Jenny. Is the term already over?
Kentucky by double digits!
I found my Bonnie.
Hate those! I hope you feel better when you wake up.
RT : Hello everyone, happy to be here tonight for #Smallbizchat with on mobile marketing.
Checking out a new location for our Thursday after-work event. Should be fun.
Stuck in traffic on 360 but at least The English Beat are playing on the radio.
The Chik-fil-A at Jefferson Pointe has free chicken biscuits until 10:30 this morning.
i've been a lovatic for a long time now . even when she went to rehab .. i was still here . i love her . she's my inspiration. <3
Unselfish Boyle! Hey Artem!!! Woo
Nice twitter username - very witty :)
Great time at Taste of The South tonight!
regarding making improvements...? That tells me you are thinking way too much. Proof read and publish...Please...
ha! Those must be my only two options.
No Hugs #Twugs is better lol
While yall worried bout ya follow'as, you need to get your dollars up.
In the greatest #challenges don’t be dispirited; continue & know you are meant for #greatness. SeanLetwat
#WhatIMissMost when we didn't care what other people looked like
Thanks to for great #ILMWest this week & to for great video panel discussion - glad you are starting video advocacy group
14k Viewers!!!! Omg.
Fucking seriously. RT : It's a beautiful night to get 0 sleep, I guess.
found some craisins in my bag #SUCCESS!
Cinnamon rolls were like the cupcakes of the '90s.
!!! It's almost gametime. You ready?
thanks for the retweet!!
oh ok use u can
#lightitup get a record high score with this pace woo
only give them a fraction.
Wanna get a tattoo but not sure ,,, might hurt too much :/
Not only does it sound fun, it IS fun. Plus you meet your goals. Not too bad if you ask us (but we're admittedly biased)
At our #sxsw party? Tweet in , check in or snap a pic on with #sxswmpress 4 our event photoblog!
Answered my own question haha Good shit man.
Lifes a bitch, but if you pimp her you might smile.
Starting an official countdown until my 21st birthday: #9 long days.
dm What do you believe is the best way to get new online customers?
The shins radio on pandora ehile editing and finishing final projects.
Thanks for following Eyefunc. Please introduce yourself! #TwitterLove ~
Thanks for lunch! Definitely honored to be a part of community.
Thinking about a lot of things
We just turned 16! To celebrate, we're giving 16% off for the rest of March. Mention that you saw it online.
. it's talk radio at its worst. one has to assume some responsibility when holding the mic
Children of all ages, races, ethnicities, cultures, and economic backgrounds are vulnerable to sexual abuse. Speak Up and End the Silence
Anyone else watching tonight?!
Had the world in the palm of your hands, but you fucking choked.
GIANTS R GOING ALL THE WAY.
What do you think of the new YouTube channel layout? Are you angry that they are forcing users to switch to it on March 1st?
Finally out of work!! TGI(going to be )F
No one will know that unless you keep writing scripts.
The road to success is always under construction.
Transform 2012 - 32 exciting speakers on 32 different subjects relation to document management www.mpsconference.com
I love you <3
NFL Draft Party! $12 pitchers of Miller Lite, All Taps $3 and $4 Skyy Bombs to keep you going. Draft starts at 7pm.
I've been in Dallas all morning and I've only seen two things about #kony2012 Effective marketing, you hippies.
“: With pick No. 138 in the 2012 NFL Draft, the Detroit Lions select Tahir Whitehead, LB, Temple. #NFLDraft”...mystery solved.
Rangers in the Final 4!!!
how many do you have ?
Thanks fabulous lady!! Love the love! Especially with the
we need a bunvac6000.
starting a photography blog...stay tuned
Exciting News! Our Second NWA workshop series starts this Sunday afternoon in Springdale. Stay tuned for updates and pics!
Their whole athletic program will be tainted
Love is not consolation. It is light.
Thank you so much! I have just submitted my play "Falling Awake" to you. Much gratitude! Matthew Ethan Davis
What happened to 's ustream?!?!
its funny sitting in a hotel lobby in philly watching a 60 year drunk guy hit on a young hottie for the last hour
": Did you know? Briere has scored 106 career points in 104 career Playoffs games. #Clutch" great stat must have
New antibiotic-proof strain of gonorrhea is finally here!
Free Sandwich time
- I'm sending my wife and son!! - Hope you enjoy the show
Lets meet some where so i can kikk you
University Of Southern California .
The best strategies are blended. . But it's important by designing sites responsive to all platforms: mobile, tablet desktop.
cool!! I'll be leading worship!
that sounds goooœd!!
awww love you too little sister :P and um maybe you missed me? lol
Quick interlude of Twitter-style impotent rage: GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER, CLIPPER CARD.
Mazah Mediterranean Eatery will be providing affordable and healthy Mediterranean cuisine at the Book Festival this year!...
My wife has got a turkey tattooed on her ass. It didn't start that way. It used to be an eagle, but her Ass just ... blossomed.
yes!!! You are the best!
I hate politics. But this year I'm urging everyone on election day to write in "Your Mom" for President.
In Too Late for Tears (1949), Lizabeth Scott's maniacal focus on a bag full of cash keeps her one step ahead of anyone with a conscience.
thug life ..
Way to go, Q. I won't doubt you.....until your next at-bat.
• God bless America •
Back from the movies. Up fightin sleep for some reason.
last class
Thanks for Like-ing our Page, y'all!
agreed! So sweet ;) an Caden i need to tell u something
maybe but im not going to like her like that and yes i did moved on ..
Happy St. Patrick's Day, y'all...
I'm thankful for falling asleep to the sound of rain
it sucks i got change a 8 year olds diaper this kid is a special needs kid but i love taking care of him :) he so sweet
Fell off the #Blog2012 wagon yesterday. Oops. Hope I don't disappoint my #jour111 students who are still kicking butt. I'll still blog tho!
I'm stayin at the Cosmopolitan this time actually to check out their wrap around terrace suite
how do we get in touch w the kid who does those amazing books?
thanks got her she is such a great actress!
I just saw 10 aligators within 1 minute... holy jesus.
keeps "accidentally" channel surfing by the Bikini All-Stars show..... ew
I wish I could say this was my last week of school.. #FML #SemesterExams :/
So know the feeling, but yes please do bother, so I can listen to you & think the same.
Today in school...Student: Mr. Roberts, why does everybody say "Lebron James doesn't have a ring"?
already bro I see you, just lemme know when you ready we doing major concerts out here mayne!
Question 1 ~ This one is easy! What is Austin's favorite color?!(:
America, spread your golden wings.
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood . . . Make big plans; aim high in hope and work. Daniel Burnham
Bye bye unc
Good day today
So, she's off to catch her flight and I'm just sitting here bored -__-
What's troubling you son? You've never looked heavier.
was 1 for 2 tonight along with a sac fly and a walk :)
RT Man the homie Big Dirty went TF in on a thowed beat from my boy
I figured now would be the time to start earning your salary.
Oh no worries-- is waiting patiently for you too; just visit the
Many friends are fighting #Depression #BiPolar #Anxiety and substance abuse. Shame and silence are death.
would love to hear Gloriana's (Kissed You) Good Night - please and thank you! :)
The old man behind me has gone from "Ya drink enough and the rain don't matter" to "It's almost past my bedtime." I hope to be him someday.
that's real doc
Wow is right! Welcome! : are here all the way from London! Woweee! #SeaTweetUp is international!
#Lamar just doesn't learn. Voekel with the ball fake and its enough to give McGlynn a step and an open three. #Vermont leads 59-47 6 to play
wish I was going #workobligations I'd rather see an #Indians game its just 4 hrs to! & I work during the time they play
#19 favorite song would have to be god gave me you IB:Vinny
thats 5 points from 5 other players at minimum...not that hard...it's about the D...need to play harder...to much lacking last game
CONGRATULATIONS! I wanted a longer fight than the last fight and you gave it to US. "PEACE"
R.I.P
lol, yes, we all know I'm a make out queen. king? something
If you could have two (2) roller coasters in your backyard for you to ride whenever you felt like, which coasters would they be?
Ohoho no poor Rep. Weiner. And how easy is it to name a dick pic scandal of someone whose name is weiner?
Just heard some good news! :)
The #NYR really want to go to game 7
Well tweeter I made it back up north. Yesterday's flight back was truly one for the books.
I would argue that Kreayshawn and the rest of "the new underground" of rappers represent the new face of hipsterism
B -'cut off their power'- WONG is a piece of shit! We are talking about ppl for fuck's sake! Eeeewwww, I'm burning up! ExMyFr
Getting excited for #padcampli on Friday! Shaping up to be an awesome unconference!
RT : On #GreenIT : Sustained Green results are the outcome of an organizational transformation, not products & processes< AMEN
Come on lakers
Great interview in Charisma last week! I enjoyed it.
He's a master of karate and friendship for everyone
i feel like a horrible gf now because i took a nap instead of talking to my bf 8(
i wonder if my neighbors will complain about me singing at the top of my lungs to the gotye song on repeat. WHO CARES i'm leaving soon
I have something to confess to someone I like... but I KNOW that if I do, I will be made fun of. I'll try tomorrow. Whaaalee goodnight.<3
Bought a bunch of shit Today what's new we got a Dyson!It was like $400 bucks,NICE!Eating milliondollar pie.
I love it when it rains outside.
could you follow back so i can dm you about something? x
Its so disappointing, families don't eat together, nobody cooks anymore...everybody is chasing the dollar or a title.
You might like the Wilco song, "Hell is Chrome." More for the title than anything else.
When I move, I better find me a nice southern guy w/ hospitality. It's bound to happen. Lol.
Was called to NYC to do a reenactment of a murder on Discovery.
I don't get excited when my phone vibrates bc i know it's only twitter.
Spent the weekend reworking first 30 pages here and there.Think I might be on track,but I've thought that before.
My pleasure :)
Burner was left on low. Oven should have a red light on top when it's on.
“: you'll kiss you for me?” lol I meant "em" and it auto corrected me!
Make sure your brand identity speaks to your clients. Your coherence in print and on the web should make you recognizable and credible.
Ironic...and sad. And clearly discriminatory...smacking of cultural profiling.
#primFTISLANDNYC I won't stop tweeting! FT ISLAND PLEASE COME TO NEW YORK! ^__^
$3 drafts til 8 and free pizza while it lasts at
Soft drinks: Public enemy No 1. in obesity fight? - The Keene Sentinel
do you have a sandbox available for testers to play with?
Chelsea vs AC Milan at Sun Life on July 28. Should be fun.
Cumberbatch is Khan? WTF? What was he genetically engineered for? Lankiness? Pastiness?
ATTENTION: IM GOING TO INTERNATIONALS!!
No never kick that rock, and move like a sack o' taters.
thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! I'll stop in when I'm in the city next - menu looks great!
Thanks for waiving back to my son u made his day ..
This bitch looks like that one bitch from highschool.... What a bitch
Just like the clouds my eyes will do he same if you walk away...♥
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':8
Would be great to see all 4 teams qualify for the #CAA playoffs. I wonder if any other league school can boast that. Perhaps I'll research.
There's nothing like a left handshake to make me wonder why your weird
you're too funny
#ImMadBecause all of these test first ELA then the Math test then all of these finals
I'm pretty sure... But just in case text me
ha! That's awesome! I guess I joined a new club :)
I'm not even kiding . I'm running across the street right now -.- It's a ugly dog anyways
Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play. - Heraclitus
I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator. Emo Philips
Yeah! When I saw your printing I yelled "OMG! I LOVE her!" 2 funny! Have a good weekend!
I cannot wait until PTV's album comes out!! and Warped Tour!!
I'm at currently. The other guys are
Hey ppl all I can say is a good nights rest can do wonders for you especially when it's Friday!!!!!!
thank you!!
Tie dye for the Class of 2016? #EarlyStart!!!
K 15 mins till showtime. Join me live for another saucy episode of "Single Chef". Chicken w/orange tarragon sauce: www.theroomlive.com
#The_Minutes_Of_Madness_Underground_Artist_Showcase_Mixtape Coming Soon, Stay Tuned... S/O
Agriculture loves easy to exploit illegals. We find out how bad it is, when they try to hire Americans to do the same work for slave wages
#FridayReads is still #NBCC winner Binocular Vision by Edith Pearlman. I am SO slow tho it is SO good. 5 New Yorkers to catch up on too.
Obviously I'm watching the end of this game.
MINDS: Educators discuss that C used to represent Competence. Now a Competent student finds it hard to get a job.
I hear that! >That awkward moment when you have to stare at a text for five minutes in order to figure out how to reply.
:), i dont go to skool but everythings GREAT, i been pretty HAPPY since February 20 :)
All day marathon later
“Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it.”
lol never saw this why?
the what? Cruise? Are you going?
"isn't that the story of our lives?" Taking data created for one purpose and repurposing in other unforeseen ways.
I need 3 new Bras from VS like right now!
Ramada Inn in Sylvester, Ga advertising "free wireless Internet, free cable television, antique showroom."
thanks for the follow dm me sometime I'd love toget to know you:)
I made chocolate chip oatmeal cookies for hubby today. He's been hinting for a week...
...and we have Caprio, with the Hoyas up 74-57 and 21 seconds to go. I think it's safe to say the drought is over
Thanks for the follow and RT!
Awww today I'm gonna see my love my bestie aw :D
Being stalked.....in alexandria....this is weird.....not random.
Hey Doug, I loved your Awl piece on copyediting the copyeditors, even just tweeted it today. Great stuff!
No matter what I will always find the strength.
#FF Friday the 13th Follow to Check out their podcasts too!
wow, amazing, amazing photos. Worth the trip...
Ciao, ciao! Hope all is well in DC. Cheer on the Caps for me tomorrow if you can!
Night everyone. Congrats to all the #HEAT fans, I'm sure most all of you are #bangwagon's anyway.
Mn State Patrol retires motorcycle unit, spawns widespread newsroom reminiscences of CHiPs episodes.
I love you x
Crowd rocking out to 'Make a baby'.
Alright fine, anyways I'm gonna get some sleep. Talk tomorrow/later or whenever. Goodnight <3<3<3<3<3
Need to refresh my #running #playlist. Suggestions?
Hahaha I keep getting tried today.
Routt seemed to melt down and have way too many penalties during the second half of the season
You - and your future - are not problems to be solved. Just Show Up and Be Yourself - and make conscious choices.
Roll orange, drink grape, now I can't feel my face
I'm playin there with Charles Bradley! You should go
Video coming in 1! ...hour. ;) stay tuned
Work is done
You are easily amazed! ;-)
“I would rather cuddle then have sex. If you are good with grammar you will get it.” lol good one
Generosity returned with spite?
im dating a nurse! :)
Btw "Candy" Is a girl not a show all about candy lol
post-weekend
For real tho! And then theres those people who don't even know who he is -.-
Town ? With
funny thing big money for distressed clothing
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
I hate that... well not exactly. In my case it usually isn't lipstick.
Yeah, who's in? We are! RT : Who's doing tomorrow?
There is nothing I hate more than one word texts with a smile face.
thank you for the information. What blogs do you follow? Who are your favorite?
Telephone seems to be a never ending game?
I am going to buy so many heavy things.
didn't know you played violin!
The Greece situation will get worse before it gets better.
So crazy.. IT. JUST. MIGHT. WORK.
Idea: a USB cord that charges your iPhone from the power of your cycling on an exercise bike
koo I'm off at 2
#everytwittertimeline has that one person who is so FUNNY :)
✌& Much ❤. That's my motto, spread it.
and I loved the call tonight! Ad I'm loving the videos. SO wonderful! :)
Ha! That is good. I think Sting would concur!
i'll keep you updated. up until today everything was headin the right direction but i'll let you know
yeah but the pictures do taste funny... but we took enough pics to remeber it well...
What is all the hype around pinterest? I am all about new toys and not sure how this works.
I got to take this like a M A N :/
Wake up ➜ twitter ➜ school ➜ twitter ➜ home ➜ twitter ➜ food ➜ twitter ➜ sleep ➜ REPEAT
Breakfast with the fam at Corner Bakery!
We so cool, we shop for clothes at goodwill and role in a granny car! -people parked next to us
And and above 80s on my precal test and quiz. Holler!!!!
No work. No play.
I may be high as fuck....but....isn't #kobe supposed 2 take that shot?...or Bynun @ least?...or Pau....did I imagine it was it Steve Blake
I mean I'm not having any coffee. Blech! >_<
Gov O'Malley talking offshore wind, jobs, and a healthier Maryland in committee hearing.
Windows down.. on rt. 60..... cold ass ride
If you know me you know that i rarely give up on anything. I fight for what i want and I succeed.....for once...I'm tired of fighting
Anyone up for some camp? I really really REALLY want to see #DarkShadows #ASAP!
Emmy is making Damien look like an angel. Dang. Disturbing, I can't finish my pink
- You got me thinking about why we don't more often promote archaeology as a source of modern social inquiry. Nice stuff.
You are so awesome and I can't wait to se what else you have instored for us all.. Keep me updated..
I can't find my DS lite charger, but I can find my phat DS charger, why can't they just work on both?
Me too :D
Oh, you have a tattoo on your lower back? You must have been hot stuff in 1996.
my picture is better :-P
OMG! We're checking out and on our way!
Planned Parenthood of Maryland fundraiser. My wife is the incoming CEO.
Get over yourself.
Don't tell me a prollem and expect me not to have my opion and then be hard up bout my opion. My opion don't matterso why b hard up.
Orthodontists suck. A lot. I hate them all.
Oops, sorry about that. It's working again, and includes info about the Twitter login requirement (which is changing soon).
Messing with him while he's sleep lol he gettin mad
California pizza kitchen with Roo
#IllHaveAnother “: The Bourbon Renewal with , lemon juice, creme de cassis, simple syrup and a dash of
Poor Pinterest. I just got a message that they're servers are overloaded and to try again later.
WHAT DAY IS IT 2DAY? FF! Come n to , bring somethin n frm the posted buzzfeed link & get it cleaned 4 FREE!
Walking. The safest, most efficient way to burn fat. MindFirstFitness.
tehehe its OK:) but uhm my mommy said that I can spend the night or you can spend the night of you want tonight :)
Transformational leaders transform themselves, their friends, their families, their community, and through a ripple effect, their world.
You should give me a shout back for wearing your jersey every Sunday since you signed with the birds last season!
Good morning, the sun is up, are you?
no idea. Action during the race has died since they changed IMO
did u see the girl counting down to christmas?
don't kill me but FB festival is a no-go for me. Already have plans for that weekend. :( Bummer!!
thing is, she has to line up the shot. colossus can stand in the middle of the screen and... you know.
This must happen!!!
Who else is really excited about the #MAPS Mastery event at the Harry Potter world at #kwfr ?
25 Ta Life jersey for a hundred bucks? Yeah, right.
“: *Beefs It Up*” Can I get some gravy with that beef?
. seriously. it is bad ass.
Oh coffee, you smell so good right now.
And one can also say that caved on Rosenberg or do you not know the difference between a resignation and a firing?
don't tell me! I gotta see it!
lol why didn't you do this yesterday?????
Most people like to think so.... Depends onwhat you feel is ok?
Get Your High Butt Off Twitter Lol
that's my favorite hashtag so far!
the world hates me
i have a lot of homework.!! Hey do You have msn.??
The length of this funeral procession is akin to clowns pouring out of a tiny car. It goes on and on and on and on and on ....
TRAFFIC - Disabled Vehicle in Traffic - Wb Belt @ Midvale Blvd - off to the right, but slightly blocking traffic
Gents, I've been on a pro-boobs platform since '82. is jumping my campaign!
hahahaha that was so clever!
Great! : hey there hope all is well! finally emailing you that pitch I talked about when we met in Feb - excited!
Happy Easter! 🐰
is lying down with nighttime thoughts.
thats great to hear... Have a good day
welcome to the life of an unemployed college grad! It happens all the time unfortunately! (PS congrats!!)
When people are like omfg I'm 's number 1 fan!!!111!!!1 And they're username has another YouTuber in it. Yeah ok 👌
2012 is here and we are super excited about this coming year! Planning to make 2012 even better than 2011!! Welcome to 2012 everyone.
Having REALLY good stuff on the horizon is very stressful sometimes! Thankful for stress today!
this sucks and is BS. Teams are going to target him now!
No Hands by Rocka Flocka Flame
Nice! I didn't know you could do that. Is that of today?
Its OATMEAL not OHPAMEAL
i love justin bieber!!!
I'm trying to convince my wife to name our first boy Ryan Tannehill Driscoll, yep I have problems
What? I Dont Get It?
Keep up the great work. Dezman!
<3 SO lovely seeing you again last night. What an experience! Hope you had a great night and I hope I see you soon, dear! :)
Every time that I see a shelf full of Moleskines, I want to buy one, despite the 20+ unused at home. Does that make me a serial killer?
Girl telling her sad story to her group of friends in a quiet subway car - I think half the car is eavesdropping, whether subtley or not...
enjoyed on peer instruction at Notre Dame
I'm in love with you but this is not tennis
same here :)
Thank you for the kind endorsement!
Right back at ya!
not strange if you're flying united. that's just the way they treat their frequent flyers.
#syracuse #tweetup At Bittersweet with some fellow tweeters! Beer and creme brulee for dinner.
And the award for best Nashville blog name giving a nod to The Boss is...
will there ever be people saying "Skrillex died...that sucks."?
it makes me smile to see people praying over their meals when I'm serving. I feel like maybe the whole world hasn't gone crazy. 😃🙏
I just bought the most. amazing. chair.
ok I'll keep an eye out for it.
If you ring my door bell you were not invited.
Who is taking me min golfing then to play laser tag? Anyone? I want to do all night laser tag but then I always remember thats too much tag
This is the type of shit you get when you work in philadelphias center city :/
Oh I see so u are jealous and feel disrespected I feel your pain
Maybe! June will be a rough month so its iffy. you going?
warrenchristieed: DEV, NYC?s New Seed Fund For Digital Media ...
Great pick. We went with Star Trek: First Contact for the time travel episode, but I'm thinking your choice is better.
Shout out to T.J. High School Sci & Tech Men's & Women's Cross Country teams going to the State Championships in Plains, VA on Sat, Nov 12
Today's BTU inspiration: "I would rather have a mind opened by wonder than one closed by belief." ~Gerry Spence
they a bunch of haters Bruce!! You must be doing something right! :) ready for this championship run!? #GoSpursGo!!!
Shower<3 then off to bed! :)
Watching Harvest with Viggle Thu | 15:45 | TMC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Happy Early Birthdayy!!:) My Birthday is April 24th<3 We have the same birthday month ;) Follow me? <3
Happy to help! Let us know if you have any other questions. :)
RT : Headed to the Bradley Center for my first game of the season. Monta and BJ gettin us the W!!
Attending the classic film festival hollywood 2012
Just got my Diablo 3 beta invite. Awesome! Hopefully I'll get some time to play a bit this weekend.
you watching the FA cup final?!
Perfect day :D the beach is soo peaceful and beautiful.. Just want to stay here forever
Ok finally stopped hitting my screen while looking at 's tweets realizing it was a prank
Omg just got the best new for you .. The McDonalds on 1st ave now delivers!!!!🍔🍔🍟🍟
Anyone else think Charles Barkley should Just eat until he pops?
Some things, are just left better unsaid and kept to yourself.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. -Thomas Jefferson
VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE.
Welcome home!! RT We made it!!!! Hello Murfreesboro!
I had a chat with Grit City Pub. They are a stand-up operation! I hope they do well!
now buy me treats
Wow, just finished Gabrielle Hamilton's BLOOD, BONES, & BUTTER. Really good.
5 o'clock where are you ??? I am so ready to get off work !
how r u babe
I agree! Great catching up with you! 🐬
With my amazing gf :*
should we be shopping for baby gifts???
Always love your POV. Keep letting us know what you see around the corner?
<3 trees. That's the best thing about the south. Trees. (That said, I love that we don't have 90-degree days here in Anchorage.)
I love you
I need to start booking people for hair appointments. Already getting requests ;D
Thank you RT : Just got my free download of She only wanted flowers. You are very talented.what a great voice!
got our apt. We're official. Welcoming all guests named Veronica.
you won't do it!
Adore this ": When something happens to disrupt my peaceful, easy flow, I bless it with love #affirmation"
I'll kill you if I find out you watchin some other movies bitch , press my buttons baby , press my fuckin buttons baby - Tyler the creator
Hey Cori, I remember you:) You and your family are very sweet:)
Josh Hamilton is a monster, 3 home runs tonight, the Rangers line up is dangerous top to bottom
Is it just me or does everyone realize how odd it is to issue a press release saying someone else is trying to make headlines?
AAHGS chapter of Central Va, meeting this Sat, 12 n @ Fluvanna's Co. Library
I bought pocket piano and everyone is FREAKIN. What sounds! Thanks for dropping it off C!!
i finally do something right. and i thought youd be proud.
I probably would be biased if I were you. Your pizza is quite delicious!
Oh the joys of staying in a hotel. The couple in the room above us have very good... rhythm.
How quickly I end up on amateur alchemical websites when I start reading about 17th-c. title page decoration.
Is there a more useless news story lede than "It's that time of year again"?
Ok, thanks.
Also, the show is still only 2 episodes old. So many shows take far longer to become watchable.
I feel your pain.
I can't wait to watch it!
Home stretch of mixing "Christmas Time Is Here (and Chanukah and the Solstice)." Title song w/ gorgeous orchestra, "Let It Snow," much more.
Wow...Canada???lol
#random. But i wanna go to a spa.
That is awesome! Congrats =)
how dare you...
with respect to what? Where? And when?
For craft soda pop nerds, try Henry Weinhard's classic Black Cherry Cream soda. It's cream soda w/ a twist, just in time for
#Seahawks rookie RT James Carpenter (torn ACL) out for rest of season
Can you please tell everyone this is my new official twitter.
now that is gone the real party can start! (Why'd it take her so long to leave? sheesh!)
Progress! I am now showered and dressed. Now, hair, make up, costuming, one last run through, and I'm ready.
I was in a Adele type of mood but it looks like all True Religion 2day frm my clothes 2 the mixtape #NP Riot -
It doesn't make any sense and yet it makes all the sense in the world.
Always fun being the darkest person at a party.
Magical TV stuff underway...with masked fighters, smoke, mirrors, and lots of boom boom pow! For CNN Int'l later today...
imaging the best season of
Well it's the first of the month. And eastland mall is CRAZY!!!
Celts in 7. Although I think the young Sixers use this as a learning experience for next year.
Pretty good, glad the leg is feeling better for ya. #YOTTO RT How we livin' today #Packfam?
*Totally*! I was so happy to see a new SCREAM last spring on the big screen. I felt like 4 redeemed the franchise.
Illogical set design on purpose? I say it's accidental. Incongruity can be forgiven to make a shot work.
Yes, I think I do that, too. Depends on the circumstances...
yes, you are correct! :) I hope you are doing well.
Got a Twitter account? So does #GoldenValleyYum. Come check us out and ask us to 'Follow' you! See you there!
I had been referring to my friends cat as "Sieti", which was sort of accurate, I guess. Today I finally read his tag - C A T
I like this whole getting better more energy thing. Hope it lasts!
Won another Step tournament on UB. Just a little closer to the WSOP Main Event.
just cause you can do something doesn't mean you should. 3D films are a gimmick. Give me a good plot & character development
Yooo I love surprises ☺😏
So sick of being played . Got to start finding myself some real friends .
#SDSU: Follow for live updates on the #ASDebates today
Glad to know we get to spend the last hour doing stupid shit just because you want to.
10 Points Define A Good Restuarant Website: 6. Share your accreditation.
no this girl did not do an OOTD on top of a toilet
Eddy Curry back?
All right! Can you ask a number of people (the same people who follow you) to follow me, please? Thanks
Big Bowl is doing #local #organic #sustainable ! They walk the walk.
What Olivia is not gonna do is cry every episode. C'mon Shonda.
Netflix suggested I watch Downton Abbey because of my interest in RuPaul's Drag Race. I do hear the Dowager Countess can throw mean shade.
yea I been back and I texted to see when you was tryna make that transaction happen
A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything. No secrets and no lies.
O'course I'll respect you if you respect me
really wish I saw this. probably would've biked over to hang with you
dem jst dey run their mouth bro,no mind dem jare....
Haunted house tonight yessir!
Light hail hitting the windows at the office in the FiDi this morning...but no sign of thunder! Stay dry, everyone!
Don't tell me your sorry, that means nothing you don't change.
“Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience.” ~Jean-Paul Sartre
I hate being #2 this shit gots to change
Here's a. Blond joke... A smart blonde and a dumb blonde both jump off a cliff at the same time. Who lands first? Read my next tweet! :)
Greatest of all time! :-D RT:“: I love Eminem .”
Waking up early in the morning to cover a sunrise service. Wishing it was easier to fall asleep... Guess I should put the phone down
wow. your an amazing! singer.. <3 <3 :)
Sometimes you can't always listen to others you have to listen to yourself.
I’m not usually one for speeches, but I have to say how lucky I am to have Blair Waldorf as my best friend.
Um... I'm no chart aficionado but doesn't the e-book revolution kinda impact shipment of old school actual books?
working on some stuff.
Snake room cleaned!
awh Big Splash love 💙💦
Lmao you already got accepted <3 and when are you auditioning for your first movie ;) lol
Josh, you are a dinosaur! Ha!
Welcome to the hood! Best decision ever.
Wow! RT : Listened to every episode of the and #68 was a personal favorite. So fucking funny. #theTooooth!!!
humph : "Don’t give her that condescending look when she adds 3x times as much salt as you would’ve expected"
AlchemyAPI is hiring a Junior Web Developer / Linux Admin in Denver, CO. -
Hope my friends Jeff and AJ are having a great time. Wish I was there!!!!!
HOLY HOOKER
m m good! enjoying some lunch :)
Miami HEAT vs Chicago Bulls. Let's go HEAT!
virgin lungs, until she met a real nigga.
Answer our earlier question and win a plush throw. Tweet True or False using #acsskin. RT and get a second entry!
Like Sports? Like Marketing? Follow for the best of both.
Haters gonna hate ♥ And i'll hate them even more (;
“: Hey , remember that one time when I was naked in 's hallway??” tonight?
it looks good!!!!! I don't get why you don't like it!
Where them #Lifers ?
can i have 4 more followers pls.
I'll let you go the day the earth stops.
Just got home and I'm already bored...
Good luck to everyone participating in #MonsterHelpDay today.
Apparently I'm invisible around here.
When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it. -
thanks grace!! Love you too!
congrats. Nothing like good ol' fashion work. It good for the soul
Curtis Mayfield & The Impressions "Keep on Pushing" Classic
Very excited that Alex Oriakhi is coming to #Mizzou. is owning this story. Must follow for MU fans.
it starts: "somebody said that it couldn't be done, but he with a chuckle replied that maybe it couldn't, but ..."
Watching the Lakers-Thunder game; the Thunder are looking really good.
Everybody wants to find a shortcut these days.... Seems like nobody does their due diligence anymore -- LCD ()
Ditto! And I'm thrilled to find another SMPSer who lives in Sterling
I'm going to make my future be the way I want it.
AWESOME!!! Congrats.
Don't wanna break your heart. Wanna give your heart a break! <33
I don't always stop at truck stops, but when I do, I choose LOVE'S truck stops.
Seattle Public Schools arranged for 14,500 children to hear the Dalai Lama speak Monday. Imagine if they had arranged to hear Billy Graham.
Selected interior paint colors for new home owners. They are excited about the refreshing change!
Yippee! RT : On my way to Cape Coral - I am becoming an uncle today! Can't wait to meet my niece, Eva xoxo
“: Had a great workout. #NW the playoffs #TeamHEAT” let's go
Drink like The King? Um, yes! RT Just found a drink called The Elvis Presley.
good points for sure, race and class do tend to have a correlation regardless
Trying to stay positive but I believe Justin Verlander is going to absolutely devour the A's lineup today.
I have a fever. And no one's here to look after me! Waaaaaahhhhh! *demands sympathy *
Vince Gill giveaway? Grab our easy to use shell and create it even quicker!
So cute! My daughters are the same way.
New Chant to cops~ We are Human what are you? That was used in the UK recently.
I see a difference - keep it up
HAPPY NEW YEAR'S - What do you plan in 2012?????
Time to rewrite the game recap...perhaps
Good morning everyone
Amazingly tripped out lightning across the Plains a few days in advance of 7/4 fireworks, kind of like Hendrix opening for the Monkees.
This evening, I'm working on Bell's Oberon, the new The Shins, and my second graded German translation.
Thank you!! Xoxo
RT : Takeaway: Wealth is the value you give it & what U call it. Be true to your heart and you will know this answer.
oh sorry you had to experience that :/ but im sure your accents perfect :)
same!! Great to meet you too!!“: You're adorable. Very nice to meet you today!”
Going to get my belly button piercing by the end of this month. Hopefully I have the lady balls to do it :p
saw the avenger while baked
Who's up?
Fresh out of Reindeer sausage today but come try a Pork n Pineapple sausage w chips and drink only $5.00
I didn't know there was such a week, so definitely not!
Maria is talking about Eduardo's poetry...
"Economic advance is not the same thing as human progress. "-John Clapham
THE MERRY WIVES OF WINDSOR in a wild bar hop through the 1930s will open June 15th for a six week run
story of my life.. hahahaha
Life should never have an intermission- download- InSpotter mobile app
I just wanted to tell you.... I LOVE YOUR TWITTER BACKGROUND! (:
DEMAND IT! RT Dear , my #rulingclass cable package does not include fox business. Wtf?
Oh, Voyager Cataloging module! How I love the. Let me count the ways...
Gonna be up at on the border in irving watching this celtics game. Hit me up!
We are activating online Gift Card ordering for special occasions this month. For the time being however, phone orders only. Sorry.
Need something to do this weekend...still tryna figure that out
23 opps for me we did 122 I think, how bout everyone else?
not til tuesday.
Here's a little Christmas short they showed in theatres in 1946. Happy Holiday's to all!!
NO MATTER WHAT WE PARTY TONIGHT #SWAG!!
Taking by state inspector exam blah!!
The easiest conference check in ever. Thank you!
Good night!!!!! Love u all i am gonna fall asleep to more than this 😘😘
dude i already finished doing the obama one . are you still able to do it ?
AFF started charging for basic services and so I don't use it much. If you are willing to pay, it's not too bad.
Can anyone tell me if they are getting an error saying "forbiddin" or "error sending tweet"??????I haven't been able to send tweets all day.
: No worries! It was a great walk and i know you sent your love :) Have fun on your vacay!!
Always support good talent! It never goes unnoticed!! :)
wearing sparkly Pink Toms. They are fantastic
Who's online? :3
Is there an issue we can help with?
Long may you sling! Good coffee and chocolate croissant last Saturday.
Just wanted to let you know that your phone loves you♥
dominated the #StateOfTheUnion!
Thanks for the RT of "too mean to die"
RT for a #shoutout must b following!!
Riding with a bitch, call her hot mouth Shelly
your awesome! Im going to watch no matter what! <3 <3
Who feels like #SUBWAY for lunch? I'm down for a Sweet Onion Chicken Teriyaki w/ a ton of banana peppers. How do you like yours?
I dig it q/t with a boo is always great & needed
A key to #leadership is to duplicate other’s strengths, not just your own. SeanLetwat
that would be great😍
okc or san antonio are my only hopes to keep lebron ringless since my bulls lost rose i need you guys on point
that tweet was white
I Ain't Even Gone Wipe The Crust Out My Eyes lmaoo G Ima Text You First Thing!
why don't you talk to me no more?!
Okay, social media overdose. Time to spin it down
Yes!! RT : Anyone else tired of hearing about Peyton Manning??
is tweetin up a storm!
Two men in canoe, photographed in about 1883 at Coranderrk Aboriginal Station ... - The Australian
You can always get our CD too. Maybe he'd like that one. No excessive swearing at least!
yo bro im your #1 fan follow me
RT : Seamus "loved" being strapped to the roof of a car, and his assault of a gay classmate was a "prank" according to Romney
My failed attempt to start a mtb tour company... hahaha
Another sold out night at lax!! Can't wait for Fat Joe tomorrow!! Couple tables lefts so hurry and hit me up for the last tables 7027506103
You look so amazing!
That Moment Of Pure Joy When You Open The Fridge And Someone's Been Shopping...
If there are still problems, drop us a line at & we should be able to help. ~CA
Aaaaahhhhhh!!! Help me!!
This also means you only have two more days of listening to us pitch about the WONDERFUL FANTASTIC FUN COOL TERRIFIC Book Show. :)
I'm so high i was laying here for the longest with my eyes closed
month ago
AP exams over and I had no motivation to go to class this morning.
soo i wear a dress today & everyones like 'why are you wearing a dress' & im like 'it doesnt have to be a speical ocasion to wear a dress'..
i'm watching The Happening. if that type of epidemic ever occured, i'd be in a submarine
FOH HAHA YA PUMA CAT LOOKING ASS GO SOMEWHERE EVERYONE SEEN MY FACE CUZ I AINT AFRAID TO SHOW IT BUT EVERYBODY AFRIAD TO SEE YA
My mothers LGA-TPA Flt was cancelled. Res Nbr G6MTCG. Delta.com no help. When can I get her home? Need rebooking...
Working in different communities of practice as a librarian.
Anyone interested in training out of an upscale horse facility w/ covered arena about 35 miles SE of Dallas contact me. Share profits only.
Just went ABOVE and BEYOND on this English project! A+ i think!
"Dogs the size of horses." Pug Calvary opportunity?
Got home from Nap at about midnight and I'm the only one awake at work.
have a wonder break my brother...
looking for the perfect song for my short film, any suggestions?
It feels like a Starbucks day. The new blend is fabulous.
Many,many sessions of prayer and petition :)
who do you think you are trying to tell me what to do? you aren't my fucking dad. quit acting like it
so who comin
Mexican fans booing Honduran keeper while he's laying on the ground...
...what an amazing day...
I have reached! 152 likes! :)
Woobies is the best... dont get mad hater :p
oh yes. perception is reality
Wednesday. Enhancing my brand through social media.
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show??????????? ;)
The best tranquilizer is a clear conscience.
#happybirthday May 19, 1925- Malcolm X (Little), civil rights activist
ah thats awesome! check it out on itunes :) and we've been up that way already this year but im sure we'll be up there soon :)
Pretty mad that my sister has been home like only two nights this week -___-
congrats man!
nothing . Haha. I jusstt need a jacket to go with my outfit. Lmao
Up early and shit
My boy better have a good time tonight
The streetlights are actually maple-bacon flavored Scentsy candles.
I'll get you my pretty...and your little dog too!!!
How does one sign up ?
Musicians have many of the same risks and stresses that an entrepreneur does.
O, I feel special!
Sometimes u have to runaway and hide! the ones who will follow you and search for you are the one you should always stay with:)
why am I not there?!?
we all bunch of cacklin hens...lol we can agree 2 disagree!
Girl, I love you, but watching you freak out over a ghost is funny :)
haha, I hope that's not true :) what industry are you in?
Pets should always smell clean & fresh. If they have doggy odor, it means they're not getting clean food. Help their coat & skin & add oils
I'd give my left arm for a guarantee I'll never be an amputee.
they're open not there open
Hi Liz. What camera do you use? There is a cool daytime trick for Canon using at least 580 flash and body more than rebel.
Surprised the chiefs lost but glad the crusaders roll on !
Just deleted 4630 emails.
Yess friend! Meet some new people in the atl
I have a hunch..and i hope im right..but that things will come together for Carlos Gomez this year
Making Cookies
#ala truism = having nothing to do Sunday morning but 10,000 things you MUST do sunday at 1:30.
Thanks for the follow! --Jo
Listen to your gut
Hi Benjamin :)
Everyone say a quick prayer that I get this job at Raleigh General! :)
So my son won't go to sleep as he's freaked out about Santa coming into our house while we're sleeping... He's got a point.
Why.Would U Be On Twitter When Mostly People r Asleep
Me: Breathes. Mom: I AM SICK AND TIRED OF YOUR ATTITUDE
Brain fried so to clear my brain I have to kick it off with Jerry Springer.
Today was a bad day, but, you know? you make me smile in the bad moments. thanks chirstian:)
Impressively it was!
This time Thursday I'll be in Cabo with a glass of wine in my hand ... Or perhaps a tequila.
Big meeting tomorrow official Havnot b-nezz
What da hell is so funny
"I'm not an issue. I'm a person" -lance Mullins. "the risen Christ comes to us as a person not a dogma or a theology" -Campbell
WOWZERS. That felt like forever to follow everyone back... But it's done... So.. Who likes ? ;D
Get your Echo1USA guns ready! Contest in a bit!
I need to learn the twitter lingo...
There are still many that go unpunished. I'm sure you saw the doc film "Inside Job." All of those sociopaths are free.
I wouldn't be surprised. They are amazing over there.
interesting ecoystem and dashboard viewpoints on how to understand and communicate analytics
Chicago Sun-Times no longer in the printing business... outsourcing it now to the Tribune. Hard times make for strange bedfellows. J. Barron
great smile good pic.
I like a little meat
A great man passed away today. The kind of Father a musician could only dream of. Support and enthusiasm. Live it up, folks.
good look ma
Hm... parents going out of town tomorrow, should I call in and throw a party?
Can't wait to see you tonight in Milwaukee. I'll be the crazy person in the 4th row!!
Sitting outside in the cold rain why, because I was here 1st ☺
Hey, remember when I rigged Patrick Ewing to NY & those idiots still couldn't win a championship? LMAO!
If you want to see a gorgeous girl with a beautiful voice charming and funny then go see Headscarf and the Angry Bitch.
ME EEP :D
are you sure?
you forgot to clock out.
haha nice! We alternate music, podcasts or audio books and tv/movies. My mom is my biz partner so we have an assembly line.
You mad cause you can't afford her
Some random nigga called me and cussed me out on my voicemail lmaao o.O
Dave Logan and Brian Griese on right now talking #manningtodenver!
Talking Devon into buying me long island ice teas at Bdubs >> 😜🍺
me too, thug. You're all good though. I promise! :)
damnit...can't believe I missed it
Taking some band pics at the old prison.
Lololol!!! I know! ;'D RT : better win cuz this jose guy is mean ;D
those glacier photos were KEEPERS! in my screensaver folder as i type, thx!
Don't forget that bear that got photographed falling from a tree last week that got hit by a car today.
at tianas house while she does her chores o.o
very happy that you found it worthwhile - thanks for participating!
i want to win new sublime sun advanced sunscreen to protect and perfect my skin
Email sent!
Looks like our hash tag for this panel has changed.
you better;) you too james!
I really don't like applesauce.
trust me, so I can trust you. Hold my hand so I could hold your hand and do not forget to hug me so I can't let you go
See I'm not trick you play I'm wired a different way I'm not a mistake I'm not a fake, it's set in my DNA #icantbetamed”
great meeting with the great Ed McMasters today Looking forward to spreading word re:channel 411 together!
lol im not sleepy anymore bc I like when we talk (:
Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted.
omg is it Fiffany?!
4 more day for My birthday
m. Heart me some wiffleball.
Plain and simple...what a terrific example Thank you
missing my wishing I was with her so she can cuddle with me :/
sad day
Thanks Diaspora' for sharing the trailer of our film in your community!
Thanks for having me! Much enjoy : Hi Curt - thnks for coming by
SOME GIRL IS SINGING BOYFRIEND .
Keep it up
Curtis, you simply couldn't be grander, son.
Thank you! Sunny San Diego is not so sunny right now! Visit me anytime here! :)
If your sorry say so. If your wrong admit it! Free yourself!
omg i might have to!
Know anywhere good for Juleps on Cinco de Derby Day?
Its getting pretty ugly outside
Thanks! I can't WAIT!! I'll be sure to tweet you from her. I wonder if it will come through high resolution on your end? ;)
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision. -James Whistler Hope you enjoyed your Labor Day, have a great evening!
The searcj button fell off my phone.
great running into you tonight bro. It's an honor to know you and being followed by you good sir!
Better B...
I was thinking on going to canada to see you guys, but because i'm from boston I'm afraid of what will happen. :/
who is the person who ur are talking about who who
My legs are so tierd I can't walk down the stairs...
S/O to my new followers :)
#WewontWorkOutIf your hiding things from me…
You think you're getting a chance.
you are livin' the High Life, my friend. Enjoy.
I've been seconds away from playing the most exciting poker games anywhere online for about 6 months now! I feel so cheated!
Thanks, you too!!!
all i need is a blunt nd my day would be complete…
FL correctly identifies Newt = CON Mitt = LIB. Then vote overwhelmingly for the LIB. America has fallen, has fallen.
Danny Nathan, , from : these #innovators set out to "change the world". Relentless desire make a change.
* listening to selena with * Her- How many times do you think i've burned her? Me: idk 2? Her: her puts (c)
A conservative, a moderate, and a liberal walk into a bar..... The bartender says, "Hey Mitt!"
Happy Birthday to my lil 1 year old nephew Julian & Happy Birthday to my Aunt JoAnn McKay in Heaven today!
what are you talking about? I never said I was leaving I just said that you and Allison think that I'm not.
A black theater in #GA hung a sign saying "Negroes only. No whites allowed" during #JimCrow. How should we read this?
Feedmilwaukee is now on twitter
Mark, please get a base hit!
My pet rock was used to vandalize a car window.
is coming out swinging at Newt!
I love it there!
I also want a new DSLR that crushes the 7D so hurry up with that , I don't want to have to threaten you with a switch to Canon.
You gets no love.
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 1
yes! Been meaning to get a hold of you. I'll be driving to palm springs all day tomorrow so I'll be free whenever
Hope this will be a good 2 hour show.(:
My brother, but I miss you cuzzo. Remember that day we spent together playing Uno with the old deck of Uno cards? lol
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit."
Oh,gosh hope he is alright. Love u josh. How are you holding up in the storm. Any damage for you?
I'm banning those MC Hammer pants you passed to forthwith.
I know east coast!!!!!
i steve. ditto. :)
": A #Gemini is more attracted to your mind than your body." #sotrue wow me
dont know the "you all" u speak of, I know I was excited the O's swept the sox. Had the same feeling when ravens swept steelers
Thanks for coming out to Love4Haiti!
so ... my dad bought me FAKE D&G sunglasses ... -_-
thanks for the RT dudes.
Going to appear like a luddite but how do I receive / send faxes by email?
go love some tequila today.
What a game
Ugh I hate morning breath....
hey um beadle jets loss do you think they can still make the playoffs yeah go detroit lions panthers cam newton trick play
hahaha that's what joe said too ! i don't see it.. ;b
Higgens is one of the best restaurants in town, hands down. I'm jealous.
I like your book title. When is it coming out?
Is your life the one you have always dreamed of? Would you like to share that with the world? Contact us and lets have a conversation!
seriously might be one of the prettiest renditions since Rita Coolidge.. Thanks and Merry Christmas!
Scenesters, Beardos and Bears, oh my!
Successfully cleaned turtle tank and filter today for 1st time since Nick wasn't here to do it. Thanks for the help
lol he doesn't have any service!
IT IS a verb in Spanish :)
A nice #CalvinKlien tux and charcoal grey stripped suit will soon be joining my collection.
.. if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams,tries to live the life he has imagined,he will find unexpected success-Thoreau
aight will keep you updated! DM me your #?
Congratulations to Willard Mitt Romney who demonstrated in his acceptance speech what a loathsome, blow-dried toad he really is ...
yeah sure. Do you know what's out?
Rappers all liars !
This guy just gave me 15 free picks cause I told him I liked The Beatles. I love them!
Busy day, lot of things to do before & come in for a crazy weekend.
Pay attention to the things that are critical to your happiness.
nothing much are you still bored, dude
Chilling like a villain at home.
Justin Bieber. Austin Mahone. Too much sexiness in one tweet.
if they do, we sure weren't drinking them! ;)
(I just sent you a FB friend request, go accept it so i can stalk)
Almost to Indianapolis-Waiting to play Marion, IN this evening @ beatnik's cafe. We brought our sunglasses, rain coats, and doc martens.
A new season of Spartacus!
- not paying attention to your curves while blocking in stepped. You may get some ugly surprises when you go to spline
This week is PALS' PLACE, a monthly party for Teens with Autism. We have a blast.
It takes time to understand a girl. If you truly love her, you'll take the time to try and understand her.
My level of maturity changes depending on who I'm with.
My brother told me today "the only guy that deserves ur heart right now is Benjamin $$$"
Watching Wipeout was a great idea, 'cuz it's funny. Watching it while writing job apps, maybe not so much.
" Common Sense is Strengthened by Joy. "~~~Rebbe Nachman Of Breslov
Totally agree. Pork + slow cooker = YUM
headed to for the pens game, yinz in?
I get lucky once in awhile lol
aww yea!! Tell me how it goes! I know it was a long car ride..
Priceless - Mayday Parade
#211 Hello 15-211, Fundamental Data Structures and Algorithms!
Thanks for following us! Have you thought about adding app reviews to your site? I know one you could review!
Next up in my “Reliving 2011” video tour is the horrible Chiefs game. Think I’ll re-watch the 2nd (45-7) Vikings game instead!
Snow day. I'll probably be waiting in it for a long time. The bus I'm relieving most likely just past.
on behalf of my mother: thank you.
Dark, acid comedy, too.
Well Duhh Cause I Just Followed Yu Back.
nice 1st qtr Spurs, finish them!
Time to get to the money
hehe, i mean underperformed in the series. deserved win for the rangers.
#engchat Loved your book! Thanks for being here!
Salsa at the Monaco Tonight!! Martini Corner - 31st and Oak KCMO 21 and over -$6 cover
I need you to stay
currently reading Moby Dick instead of all the Palin email that just became public
All wrapped up here. Sounds like it might stay north of you. RT : ... storm moving east over downtown now.
I got to escort Rihanna to her seat 😊 she's so pretty 👌 3rd time I get to see her beautiful face 😍
hey, how are you?:)
Also, we have gone back to our winter hours. We are now open Tues-Fri 10a-7p & Sat 9a-5p.
"Research is to see what everybody else has seen, and to think what nobody else has thought." -- Albert Szent-Gyoergi
Early effin' call time tomorrow. AGAIN. I hope the weather doesn't screw me tomorrow.
Lunchtime with the boss for his third birthday...his pick, pancakes... Aretha Frankensteins downtown Chattanooga
so tired and bired but still up and watching TV
Hey Amy, How goes things? IS SNHU switching to Canvas? when you get back, give me a buzz so we can catch up.
plz follow me i need more followers plz
" A Disobedient child Never Prospers "
Um I didn't realize how THICK Lebrons headband is... LAWD have Mercy...
omg i should sneak you in
IS IT REAL?
Bent's is just a whole 'nother world
Never said Metta deserves pass. Just dont like how word is used now.
good party!
I never get bully..:DD
you should come to my house & have a bonfire! We have a bonfire pit and we live in the woods haha it's epic
Juss because I like sweatpants and basketball shorts doesn't make me a dike, a bitch can't be comfortable
Hi I want to verify one of your tweets. Can you give me a way to reach you.I emailed you.
i normally use prezi, yesterday was my first powerpoint in about 4 years. much prefer prezi.
Wow Denver...Yall really came to play tonight.I guess there is always next year...
It felt so good n emotional to speak to my son thank u lord for continually looking after him father gide him tru this path n rebuke allevil
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-8
If you believe in what you are doing, then let nothing hold you up in your work. - Dale Carnegie
I did! You were great! Thank you for your books. You are an inspiration! You were hilar as well. lol
U r welcome nice mtg u 2. Lets get linkedin
yeah, called a Saturday. How are you?
#WhatMakesMeSmile making others laugh and smile
Best bets: April 21
Any1 who gives shit abt Rev Wright didnt vote 4 BO in 08 & wont in 12. Just part of their "Obama as scary black 'other'" campaign
Yay! I see I have a text from you, but my phone is being the opposite of smart and closing every time I try to open it!
My friend! You got yourself a Deal!
that too.
wow, twitter w/o Bret... what will the world be like?!
{A computer is the most perfect tool for an editor.}
": Okay, future boyfriend, you can stop playing hide and seek now."
Me too! Also because I just love DC...
Who wants to text me? ;*)
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. - George Bernard Shaw
Nutella and waffles 👍❤
you don't need to thank us. We need to be thanking you for being such and inspiration in our lives<3
RT : Are you ready for Beyonce?
Sorry I'm late to school... I was constipated this morning and well... you know... it wasn't coming out.
Probably not.
We'll be at Pickles Pub Friday before the Operation Orange game!
blessed love family!
back on the grind, i cant believe its already april :o
Would either of you be offended if I call you eye candy?
Thanks to all the students and faculty at who participated in our diversity workshop today!
the library is getting packed and I still got plenty of work to get caught up on. There is nothing like Starbucks coffee to keep one going.
love me some mysterious winos! ;) nice meeting you too!
WE ARE OPEN TOMORROW 12pm-5pm, Dine in or take out
Ok fine. Retweet me.
back on
Paul McCartney's "My Love" is such a great love song. What's one of your favorites? Oh, and so is Rihanna's "California King Bed"...
Found a dress, just need a date! ;p
Looking for exposure FrecitiMedia dropping 1st issue of magazine June 1...Get ur ad today 6 different markets....we in the streetz!!!!
OH GOD. YOU DID THE WRONG THING TO THE RIGHT GIRL.
Want to send a big shout out to Congrats on winning the contest, we practically doubled second place!
whats up everyone, check out our newly posted videos from our most recent shows
I finally feel like a true Asian.
This aint no fuckin' sing-a-long, so girl what you singing for?
thanks for the #FF!
Bulls look awful. When Carlos Boozer is your best player there is a serious problem.
I've had about seven straight losing days and today is the worst one.
Heading to the Maryland craft beer festival today!
Good morning tweedos! ☺
you should follow me. Be cool
tweet a picture.
What gAme of today will continue to go on 4 decades like Mario Bro.
Banners 2.50 a sq ft if you call today and mention this status! 615-255-3825!
Supplier of Brazilian Hardwood Flooring • Decking • Lumber
Reluctantly passed on tonight's Meatpocalypse to avoid spreading my hacking cough. Playing COD instead, so feel free to send a game invite.
I haven't had any drama in my life since I cut you out of it
San Antonio Silver Stars fall to Seattle Storm 78-64. Silver Stars fall to 11-7 on the season.
Wow what a puss. Starts this shit and ends it quickly. We give the win to easily. No good comebacks by Frank
I was too excited about my Grand Slam that I ate it too fast and forgot to Instagram it for you.
#aboutme i think penguins are adorable
Wedding Ceremony: How To Choose A Celebrant - Huffington Post
Pandora right now >>> headphones in, ignoring everyone.
will never notice me :( </3
Pedro's Tacos in San Clemente, still the best.
No problem,it was real busy today. I loved that movie btw :)
You are fast!
Thanks for the RT, Jocelyn! Love the HDC connection.
72 degrees makes for an amazing Friday night late March in Minneapolis!
25 years ago today, Juan Nieves threw the only no-hitter in Brewers franchise history. Ah, those '87 Brewers...
Sure, all residents are always welcome. One City.
Don't miss Spring Awakening at Frederick Cultural Arts Center! Kudos to director
Two lesser known tracks by Madonna that I LOVE, Liquid Love and Has To Be. Listening to the latter of the two right now.
Let them know that they are stealing your content!
ignore it lmaoo
While everyone is looking for prom dates and prom entire, I'm missing out ); looking for swing setts pack n plays bassinets(ect.)
It's time to let go of the hurt,tears,pain and past
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Thanks!! Good to be here!
It was an important part of my life
maybe he just flipped his original lineup upside down
Make sure you get them god pictures! :-) RT : Up and at 'em! I'm excited about going to my cousin's graduation!
I want a White iPhone! Or iPhone 5
thats gotta feel good:-)
Why hasn't she been at school :(
Bet u I won't fail to get another iPhone case Again!!!!?! Lol!!!! Horrible!
#Crew96 will announce a post-match Cam'ron coming home concert after #SLC. Gonna be real.
hey I heard you were a wild one.
The world needs more music right now.
is taking & for a walk so I can rest. On their way out Eli gave me a high5, a fist bump & shouted 'Yee-haw!'
March madness....I still don't understand why the office basically shuts down to watch Memphis vs Cal St Northridge....
RIP Gary Carter. Condolences to his family.
and passing notes in class... I remember when I was in 5th grade
wow, our entire organization? Maybe time for BJC to get his own twitter account ;)
NP: T.I.P- still ain't forgave myself!!!
: Some news orgs view RT as endorsement, but I don't think people assume endorsement. I've never had anyone get confused.
watching record
Why do write in english if you from Chile?
jair is coming to my house c:
when you actually love life..♥
yay I hate this class
we can do this!
where? how?
you should be on your dads show as a contestant! youd kick ass
Really HLN, custody battle over a dog is "Prime News?"
RT : They say everything BIGGER N Texas does that mean wetter too!? #WetDreams find out may 25th
This Diesel is ferocious.
haha nope the Boston commuter rail:)
Thanks dude!!!
Follow Us at the original Account !
how are you?
Off to to get my #corefusion on with
Come see us when ur done!
I'm pretty sure I could win the Hunger Games. Have you SEEN my mouth??
when you shoot the SB are the photogs locked to one location for the duration? It looked like no one was moving.
The thought of cleaning my house today is rather unexciting...
I just need to get a cleft in my chin, dye my hair blonde, and change my name to Adele since everyone things that I look like her
yeah, a fun way to show momentum on things like hiring and execution!
What's poppin ?
FOOD ALLERGY ALERT Jonlly Fruits Inc. Issues Allergy Alert On Undeclared Allergens In Several Products
Ok so who wants to come stay with me in IL and hang out with a bunch of raccoons? Anyone?
Its a Big Weekend for shoes... What is your Favorite ones coming out? The JS by Adidas or the Jordans or the Foams
of course I do, I am older ;)
"I was a Mahomie" No you weren't. Cause a Mahomie will NEVER leave Austin. So you were just a FAN. K Bye.
The Billy Goat Tavern, established in 1934, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu #Chicago History Map!...
": #FollowTuesday Some>>>> #Sexxyladies2 ---follow my new page
please #ReauthorizeVAWA! #VAWA has saved millions of $ and countless lives. via
Dam , I only slept for 4 hours lol
Derek Fisher in OKC
Running to the car before your parents get there and waiting for them to unlock the car
I'm feeling trippy
Roses are red; Violets are blue; nothing in this crazy world could keep me from loving you!
Workin at freed motion
i wana go to sleep like right now because i am like so sleepy but den again i dont wont to cuz imma be up at like 2:00 in the mornin.
best MNeal moment may be him now forcing TT to sign a good free agent DE.
Amazing day at #TPC and spending great time with my FAMILY! Looking forward to the week God has ahead!
I'm tired just reading this tweet.
ok ill help u in one condition... =)
love it
Usually everyones fantasy is better than their reality, you make my reality better than my fantasy.
Well that is good to hear, not helpful, but good to hear. :)
Bearcats choking....ugh!!
Still #reading Cleaving. Trying and failing not to hate her. An ounce of remorse would be helpful.
lol wait is that sarcasm
I'm having a blast🎉🎉
I love you so much omg. And thanks! c:
Happy Mothers Day :) I want to thank my beautiful mama bear for being so supportive! You are the best mum in the whole wide world! Love you♥
y como va las grabaciones del disco?
": Remember this day. 551-day-old Instagram is worth $1 billion. 116-year-old New York Times Co.: $967 million."
any chance that you have an extra Cody Simpson meet and greet pass for me?! I tried so hard but didn't win?! :(
“Over the next 5 years, 370 Jay Street will be transformed into a cutting-edge center for research and science"
Kobe is a killer.
Vip get to meet them b4 show, take a pic n get an autograph
#iWonder why my ex builds me up just to break me down again. -___-
#AmericanIdol Judges wasted the safe I agree! #TeamDixon WTF America
How do you strike a balance between diving in headfirst and calcifying a project thru bureaucracy?
CAT MONKEY HUGS!!
WHAT ABOUT CHESTER!!! holy snow monkeys rachh
I meant ecstatic... Lack of sleep is finally beginning to catch up with me :-b
Brian Kenney Leaving & to go to become director of White Plains Library bit.ly/nucKJj
Two solid hours of sock knitting ahead!
aww thanks but your pretty amazing yourself and im veryy in love with you too(:
ya, get on yahoo messanger so we can IM faster. im devlincor
If we r not in digital humanities Humanities we don't know how to move beyond 20 min paper. Need help.
oh my goodness middle school drama club was litterly the best thing ever :P
Reluctant to join Twitter but here I am :/
Poor girl can't hang with the big dogs. lol She's cute. I want cookies.
For us it's worth it. But ur right MT : Its a tough decision for business, Chicago is expensive but has more resources.
Good morning everyone! Hope you all have a great start to the week!
The #'s are Devastating: Fastest growing developmental disability = #Autism! Help us in the fight.
Currently 37. Low tomo morning should find its way to around 30. Road surfaces should be fine, but light accumulations still on grassy sfcs
Parsley has more calcium than milk & helps reduce bloodpressure
No I haven't yet. I should pick up a copy.
goodmorning! Wish me good luck on my social studies test?(:
what will happen to traditional retail? King’s Hawaiian® Bread Offers Simple Solutions for Holiday Leftovers TORRANCE, Calif.--(BUSINE
Congrats Michael Pollack RT : At the Phx Business Journal's most admired CEO awards dinner. Congrats to Michael Pollack!”
All Bankers take the #Keating Course of what not to do and who never to trust...
DMX is what happens when you ignore your children....RT DMX is what happens when you ignore your feelings.
Lions take Suh and Best. Great 1st round, however Best would've been there at 34. Mayhew panicked.
Did I ever mention how awesome is? Because they are. Only people I know who rave about their bank are fellow USAA 'ers.
I can't wait to move to Fayetteville.
Just ordered our Turkey online. What did people do in the olden days?
": Pogo Skate Shop #BlackFriday Sale 50% Store from 9am-11am! Retweet and make sure we see you there!"
They aren't allocated like IP addresses. The data they represent is coded directly. They're more like names than addresses.
Bahahaha You Two Wern't Losers ;D
I just received a happy future mothers day text...😳
Word of the Day 4 #Bellevue gals? Pannekoeken :) c:
Don't forget: Vote early, vote often!
had fun - looking forward to CA! xoxo
yep, exactly.still trying to figure out how scot. did NOT win that. Takes EFFORT to lose like that
Please go to my site www.normanrayfitts.com and click on "The Sentinel" and let me know what you think of the cover for the book. Thanks
RT : If I was Bill O'Riely I'd have a blog called "Bill O'Writes" lol
Wow, thunder. Startled me a bit! Yeah, rain!!!
Life has thrown a lot of punches at me but for once I feel really good of where I'm at in life and of what God has blessed me with.
Circulation is WAY up in my library this year. That is awesome.
Thanks to all of our #followers. We jumped from 7 to 73 in 24 hours! You rock! Your BFFs
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE cody do you have your song lyrics stuck in your head alot?
k boo! !!!! We havveeee to stick to it!
Read the Label Challenge...30 Days I'll read &record where the clothes I wear are made. Todays outfit is mostly China, Taiwan & El Salvador.
Boosie boo is free yea zoo
niggga you better finish before June 7th!
: ( The hair is standing up on my arms! I thought you would be sleep young man...
OMG I'm going on a healthy detox starting Sunday... I'm feeling so run down, and this headache is kicking my azz. Meds aint working...
#np 'What the water gave me' Florence + The Machine
is 1 for 1 in the New Year's resolution battle. 2008 = Buy a House ... 2009 = Get in Shape!!
well, we love you!
May the 4orce be ever in your fa...... I mean....be with you. Shoot, im getting my movie quotes all mixed up
#DailyRebellion: It's OK to look.
how in the world do you have so many followers? :o
Waiting for wireless connection
can you direct-message your email address to us regarding the coupon email? Thanks, Eleanor!!
It makes me happy that the boys are tweeting each other again :D
Can I PLEASE get gospel mix w etc so I can get my praise on while I run?
I WILL <3
Texas Relays?
Now That I Am Older The only time the world beats a path to your door is if you're in the bathroom.
im not trust me
I have the same syndrome. I annoy the crap out of myself.
Is the morning air temperature above freezing? Yes. Was the Dew Point temperature reached? Yes. Result = Dew.
True. FOX seems to to be suffering from SMS = Selective Memory Syndrome
"hate is a prison, anger is the warden and rage, rage is the guard that takes a piece of you everyday" - Bring LIFE to USA
Haha - it depends on which album. Overall, I agree though: NIN is much more conducive to data analysis than writing reports.
Sounds fine. Trust your judgment. You have more to plan around, being an instructor and all. If you book it, I/we will come.
was there any news on a new studio album from Green Day or are they planning on taking a break again??
Now you tell me what sense that make
Why is the carpet wet Todd?
: A Black Hawk helicopter has crashed in southern #Afghanistan, likely killing all four of its crew members -- all of them Americans
Wow what an amazing pre-birthday celebration. The bartenders are AWESOME.
If I claim to not be a fan of Tom Cruise, why do I own so many of his movies?!
When you Succeeded you get such a great feeling.
I'd say it's time ! ! For Punk Rock! Alternative ! Skate Punk!
I like our Draft,we got a Darren Sproles type back for Ben,this kid is greased lightning for the Gators,but as you say I know.Aug
Paddy Wagon in Richmond tonight!!!! C'mon down!
Thank you H and 7th location for your generous donation of coffee to our volunteers! It was a fantastic addition to our morning!
I love this fan base were so funny & defend eachother we treat eachother like family & get along beliebers & were also crazy whn were ready.
I don't wanna believe it
for real?
I just love how people volunteer me to do something without my consent..pretty annoying
We got 900! Welcome to all of our new fans. Stay tuned for more events and special promotions. Plenty of ways to get FREE STUFF!
Thank you! Which one are you? Thinker? Dreamer? :) cc:
We're moving as quickly as possible!
Registration for school about to start
Thanks for the follow Shelly b (twinpossible)! :)
I been on twitter all day.SMH
I hate when people compare food to making me want to slap my mamma.
And $175.30 later...it wasn't a warning. UGH!
still working :(
yup I'm watching it to! 😄
": I LOVE weather like this!" I love YOU O_o...
ESPN MIKE AND MIKE
No, we're not! I wanted to. That's a sick lineup, but I won't be able to make it. You going?? --Brian
Wow...that was amazing
This political debate reminds me that I'm an ex-Mormon (I was 12), and know a thing or 2 about the cray-cray.
ramping back up onto this thing. to tweet or not to tweet: an enduring question.
So far, "Woman Don't You Cry For Me" is my favorite. Instrumentals are kickin.
Yo soy de Mexico <3 :D
Congrats on the acquisition-excited to see new things ahead.
"He bends down and grips at the street-curbing, as if to hurl it"- THE HARY APE
The word weird should be in a different color than the rest of the words to make it seem.. Weird!
there's a pile of bananas in my office.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and help them become what they are capable of being. #BeTheDifference Goethe
RT : POTUS words that "If I had a son, he would look like Trayvon Martin" was an extraordinary moral and political statement.
and did a great job tho
These tie down straps for our camera equipment might come in handy HINT HINT Teresa
I personally don't have any at WDW. I forget the rules of getting a virtual approved, but you can find them at Geocaching.com
Gonna miss this team big time. best season of my life as a cat fan.
Love it.
We're always looking for new teachers to work from our Orlando video studio. :) Email nick[at]teamtreehouse[dot]com
What kind of phone does your friend have. I love rooting. Mod mine about 4 times a week
Exciting things coming today.... We Promise!
so what is u doing
Still getting fried over here! Hopefully it will end this week like they say :/
what growth? .___.
Come n chk out artists at the Hub Leo Lounge on June 18 SAT. at 8pm. #FREEadmission RT
haha...normally, but it happened to be a welcome break from the drudgery of work!
- Yes and it is pissing me off!
I don't have fb): show me this weekend! I CAN'T WAIT!
I've gotta fever, and the only prescription...is more !
It seems like things which require a day, week, or month to raise awareness always get more lip service than real change
Sorry I'm spamming your timeline guys lol. Need Liam to follow mw
Charleston never disappoints! Best meal I've ever had. Definitely happy birthday to me!
part 2 He also has a strong personality.He actually cares about his fans and tweets them.That's why I'm
140k going to 5k on dinner break 15 from the $$$.
I wanna call her boo!!!
In the library for lunch, waiting for my pal! :)
same totally
What's a "sells position"?
Great idea!
Thank you L'Enfant for sharing lunch with us today. Lots of first timers today. Welcome to the Ficellenian club to all of you!
Did anyone hear about the gun saftey instructor that shot himself in the head while explaining how mistakes happen with careless people
Agreed! Very tough category. RT : :( Nicole had the hardest choices to make. Over 30s have the best talent imo.
San Antonio: Spring temps most of the week. Slight chance of shwrs mid-week. Colder end of week. Today: Cloudy to p/c, high 68.
oh... so this is what it feels like when all my hw is done early.
So was it Bush who is responsible? Seems like not all the snipers are in Tripoli...
this is the wrong forum for that and i&#39;m not sure who is asking
Thanks as always - see you in a few weeks. cc
I never leave the house, but today I have to drive all the way to Belgium, WI by 6PM. Terrible news.
It takes a huge douche to tell a little girl that you hope I cut again. James, Go fuck yourself
Welcome back to winters in DC. :-)
I should have gone to culinary school. The chefs in this town are getting way more stage time.
Nimmagadda deteriorated his moral values from being ambitious to being greedy. He crossed the line and Karma reacted!
For a balanced #dog consistency in all areas is required which includes everyone in the family who interacts with your dog
Excellent point!
wow lame
Attended a lovely dinner party last night. They were sweet and careful with what they served me, I brought an FAQ safe dessert. Success!
Bahaha, no joke! Can't wait to see you at lunch tomorrow. :)
Bubba rocks that 4 button shirt like its his job lol and he def utilizes every button.
Hope everybody is happy now. You voted the ones who started the recession back in!
Life makes no deals...it wins with your demise!
Casino bound! Hopefully I come back a millionaire lol
thanks for the insight. Makes me think of that of that bad guy from the Wild wild west, cant remember his name, hm.
church went good today. guess im just gonna go to bed. im tired and stressed out. no cigarettes and cant go get any
Every time you think they should be rolled out in wheelchairs they prove you wrong!
be careful traveling through all the rain <3
A great #existential opening
finally outta the hosiptal & done w/ surgery! now theres only one thing to do. take over the world! lol poppin percs and recording all day!
it's not your fault he's a jerk
RIP #DickClark , "American Bandstand" is a huge reason for the success of the music industry today
God damn durant
boy do I love grunge.
The Prudential Center, home of the Nets,is set to host Whitney's funeral.Apparently they're really good at dealing with losses.
When is Mario Batali coming to Pittsburgh? Too cool!
BD house caught on fire, wasn't able to save nothing
nice cover up ;)
thanks for following us!
Most definitely!
The new version of Google Analytics is so much slower. Shouldn't it be the opposite?
Working all day today with a bad back, and I'm missing most of the Giants game...should be an interesting day!
On my way to the theaters wit my cousins and friends. Finely gonna watch breaking dawn: part 1. Yeah buddy;)
anythings possible with monta... But yeah doubtful
animals have such sad eyes........ every single one of them..... it melts my heart <3
Japan&#39;s Canon boosts full-year profit outlook
never let a fool kiss you, never let a kiss fool you.
Procurement Source Solutions, "Your Guide To Government Contract Information"
Save money on coffee by brewing your own.
Norwegian Cruise Line Reports Results for First Quarter 2012
my birthday is the 26th on january . I love your music love u
Saw you guys on Ross the other day...you need to wear helmets!! LOL!!
thanks for promoting our alum. He was like a baby penguin in school, now he is turning into an Emperor Penguin!
Does get compliment royalties for the heisman promo? He was the first to coin it.
RT : Check out my blog to win a package of Cabot Creamery goodies
Hey lady, when you get the opportunity would you follow me? I'd like to ask you a question directly. Thanks!
Question - Besides Fitocracy heroes, what are your plans for investors? Hubby and I were wondering.
WTF u looking at????
Got caught in the twilight zone of walking out of a door, seeing someone, and not knowing if they're close enough to hold the door.
There is only one Melissa Klug in my world.
Challenge: Donate your total comp to St. Jude. Your $$ far out-weigh SGK donations to PP.
Thanks for your mention. Have a great 4th of July! too.
Nigga all in talking shit cuz he got out of line and got back in thats sum bullshit n where the fuq is i feel
Haha, so true. I had the headphones out within 60 seconds
Wouldn't it be awesome if it had been on Blackboard for like more than a month in that whole Google AdWords PDF?
Yeah I can see him being evil
#Leadership is releasing the talent, passion and intellect of those around you.
me too
wasn't overkeen of AC/DC's Black Ice Album, until this afternoon.... ROCK ON.
yep... Loser
sex aint better than love
Dow says he has faith in bike shop and moving to hub will help
come visit us soon! The cookies are on us!
i like whatnot
promise we got better... and I won't hit you with the golf club this time
Mark Walhberg's new movie "Contraband" comes out today. If you see it consider posting a review via QWiPS and share with friends!
When a girl says: "I'm cold.", don't be stupid & say "me too."
Today only happens once so make it count!!!!!
Just opened my swag from last nite's #newgirl party - thanks for the goodies! The bag is super handy & styling too. Can't wait for the show!
RT And the award for "Movie With the Most Nominations that Noone Ever Saw" goes to "Hugo"
Best way to get ready for drag?? Listen to and #HotCouture... Bitch got it stuck in my head
we look at your social footprint. MT Looking for a job? Make sure #LinkedIn profile is up to date! Some don't take resumes.
what's wring with them!?:(
Hi Darlings - thanks for the RT! Love your hilarious blog (I am probably repeating myself)!
Stress free, drama free, sucka free...
gonna be real awkward when someone tells bobby valentine that the red sox can't draft anthony davis, even if they tank the whole season
The B3Brewery is now on twitter. Check us out for weekly status updated on our beer.
-____- ppl must think im sweet or something.
New attacks for running for Gov 3 times, while he is running for Gov for the 3rd time himself
cant wait for :D
Someone who deserves to make the top 100 as a newcomer, and will is NaVarro Bowman, ILB of SF
"Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are"
I don't care what other girls might say Niall is my FAVORITE boy in One Direction!
What a Perfect Day. No better way to start it than by coming to Blifferts Customer Appreciation Party. FREE LIVE MUSIC, FREE FOOD! C'mon by!
ahhaha it was a joke
Debating on going back to Vegas tonight...
Most headshots/most kills. 3 games strait.
I love that idea! RT : All 4pm Friday meetings should come with an adult beverage. Make it so.
lucky u i love cheese lol
you're addicted to working? I'm impressed :)
thanks for everything you've don for me. I hope we stay friends FOREVER and EVER! :)
S/O 2 <-- Go Follow her to gain more followers!! My loyal followers!!
Continuing my quiet wish that you stay in Education...
Any #isedchat friends headed to #ISACS2012 in November? We are there presenting all day Nov 9!
Niall will notice you don't worry and im stupid as hell what are you talking about XD
im feeling thrown in this bitch
Where is the sun?
#NP n Drake "No lie" TRUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!
Lmao it was mad real last night RT : oh I would've been all on the bikes lol
Feeling creative
: Just trying not to get sick between stresses: gs, church, work(not bad), fam, the norm.
I worked last night til midnight than worked 9am today n just got home I'm shot I will be dreaming of making bloody marys and damn mimosas
gonna watch PLL at 10 because i was driving here when it played the first time:/
Crap, I missed the show!
Add to that the fact that Abe Rosenthal made an affect/effect error in his recommendation letter for Tony Lukas's fellowship…
if you feel like a loser just remember one thing.. you were the sperm that one the race that really counts
what a great idea...seriously wishing for some right now...
Who is this outsider in the neighborhood with the pounding bass in their car!?!? . damn spring breakers! #getoffmylawn!
Wow! 1.222 Follower! Thank you all! :*
LA? Why the tip?
Bathrooms without noisy ventilation fans make me feel unsafe
Who needs an alarm. The birds seem to be right outside my window.
If only you knew what he REALLY did Friday night...
All Aussie directioners on my timeline are like 'HARRY'S NAKED!' and I'm sitting here watching spongebob... Because ayitm ISNT ON HERE
:D RT <3 oh my God. Thankyou. I love you guys. c':
Zizi and Elaine both presenting "What if the Internet Did Not Speak English?" at ICA 11
we should compare notes ;-P
Just live free
Excited to be moving into my first house in Plainfield! Living with my brother is a different story lol
After class tonight someone told us......"That was so much fun - your energy is infectious." This made us smile ear to ear!! THANK YOU!
hw does he tweet
I came, I saw, then I cleaned it up.
Help Stop the Downward Spiral: A Special Note from Imam Feisal with Exciting News: www.cordobamovement.org/blog/
Excited for it to rain today!!! Not in the mood for hot LA weather..
way to go!!
opens the fridge, well looks like I'ma make some burgers, hotdogs, and bar-b-q steaks... tommow.. :)
Spoiler: I'm pretty sure he's against it
seeing in like... a couple of weeks! so excited.
Nice, what are you gonna do for work?
: hey:) have you seen the avengers? Is it good?
appreciate that love his music have every album in my phone... Kayne for president stay up Peace..
@ the dentist waiting on my root canal procedure 😁
No, thank you!!! I'm sorry I couldn't get you that many followers. Over the weekend I'll try again when more ppl are on(:
Sometimes I overstep my bounds but if anything I just care too much. All my love
sounds like you are really into history. Check out Newark Holy Stones.
Hi !! I'm Lindsay. I lead a 10th grade girls group at FCC. We are SO EXCITED you're here for the summer!! Can't wait to meet you!!
only dial-up at home makes loading everything slow! I can't watch videos either. So when I can take laptop to wireless I catch up.
It's OK to buy Kindles AND Nooks AND iPads.
Hi Ian NY loves you! Safe travels! Will you be doing any meeting with fans at all in NY?
Prince has the best falsetto I've heard, but The Shins' James Mercer also ranks among one of the best. Mercer's range amazing.
“: U-T ed board meeting makes it clear a nonpartisan candidate clearly has no shot at their endorsement. THIS IS SAD!!!
leaving my house in like five minutes but where the hell am i gonna park?
Taking control is finding strength to let it go.
RT Good news in the ratings! ’s (9.4 million, 3.2) Up 7 percent! Congrats to ABC for launching a solid hit drama.
I’m not a national news huffpo elitist like you
I think I may still be drunk from last night. Interesting. Now the question, drink myself down? or nap and suffer through?
#random #shoutout to the #Csquad!!! is here to stay!
No Will Ferrell during Weekend Update?!
Why Is It So Hard to Quit Smoking?
I love mine because I can listen to my audiobooks while I'm mowing the lawn!
Congratulations! This is an inspiration for others in similar situations.
Whenever it rains theres always an ugly girl that puts on facebook "Kissing in the rain ❤:)" ok nobody wants to kiss ur ugly ass
I went to a track meet today ok 727 that's my track team
That's your oldest joke!
burned 248 calories doing 30 minutes of "Running 10.6 min mile with hills"
Elaine Smith: A Lifetime of Serving Others Dog-loving nurse founded Therapy Dogs International, and leaves a wonderful legacy carried on
DONT INSULT MY INTELLIGENCE
Who's comin to MyStudio tonight for OMARIONS Official Mixed tape Red Carpet event with special CONFIRMED Invited guest CHRIS BROWN!!!
:* Glee club was cool. Rapped Bohemian Rhapsody instead of singing it.
Don't quit your day job. The circus isn't as appealing as it seems.
Ted Mondale -- Vikings making substantial contribution to creating venue that public will use 355 days per year.
We've switched to showers mode--both rain and snow. But virtually all valley roads stay wet.
Federal Agents raid gun shop, find weapons.
10 Often Overlooked Marketing Strategies Philip Kotler defines marketing as “the science and art of exploring, creating, and delivering v
you don't wanna call nobody else
Daytime #curfew laws allow CVPD to search, question, and deter any juvenile without adhereing to constitutional safeguards.
great times at XS last night w/ mf superstars!
I feel like I've seen way worse on here than what you tweet.
confusion... Why a period?
they did win? Ok thanks
Luna bars are great to snack on! Less than 200 cals, low glycemic index, 70% organic and around 12-11g of sugar depending on the flavor.
he really didnt know i knew it was all a game from the start so i played the game an ended on my part
You work for ESPN?
do it do it do it (:
Not convinced that was a strike 3 on Ryan at the end. He held up, should be ball 4.
- Very cool! =) Thanks a lot! We're trying to do weekly giveaways on there so definitely check it out. Enjoy the game!
Im calling at 10! Cody is my idol! Hes so amazing!
lol! Since our chat the "fanny parking" has taken place in other potentially fruitful areas. Thurs/Fri is #Hutton day.
send me the track!
Who's a TRUE BELIEBER ?!?!
listening to Italian music while packing.
I wish I was off right now bc this pollen is killing me
do you know of any dragons that have written autobiographies? Specifically komodo dragons?
You're not going to use that old 'For Rent' sign like your grandparents did back in the day. Are you?
Nearly 80% of all child welfare cases are due to neglect. Join us in praying on Blue Sunday, April 29th.
We're looking to do a show in NYC this summer. Anybody know of any good bands to try and book a show with out there?
"we dont care that Chris Bosh is gone" -everyone on the Miami Heat right now
I'm just saying you can do better,tell me have you heard that lately?*
Well. that was a fun teaser..
thinkin about hittin this #Braves #VSUAlumni night :) anyone else??
Prom is tonight doing last minute shit, What about you? Did you get those shoes?!
Oh snap! Highs in the 70s for the next 5 days MKE!
Damn right you are! Haha just kidding. It's fine I forgive you ;P
My tl is boring today -__-
yup yup.. being sick is so lame.
Theres only one person I want 2 talk 2 n I cant cuz Ive been a complete bitch for the past couple months tho I dont think they noticed
All my life I've wanted to be noticed, like on TV or the Internet, but how can I do that is I am terrified of people?Wait til I'm famous! :)
well I also carpooled and took the bus some.
Coldplay. For those of you who are hating go ahead and see them live. Life. Changing.
i will watch the view for you
yay!!!! “: Only 44 days until the 2012 Summer Camp Music Festival!”
Love to see u, all thing beautiful in Brooklyn visit their event info Soho -guess who will be there next weekend?
damn that insulating foam! once the straw breaks, its worthless. ugh.
New storefront art display coming to downtown cville soon! Keep your eyes peeled...
Ok..Yuh made up that title???
My sisters stupid -.-
Sundiata Gaines will start for the #Nets for the ailing Deron Wiliams.
Thanks for thinking of me! Ms. Brown & I are taking Growing Classroom wkshop May 4 & 5 wkend. Great minds think alike!
thats the rumor but i might still try
Very reasonable and thoughtful commentary regarding the team we love. Well done!
AIDS obliges people to think of sex as having possibly the direst consequences: suicide. Or murder.
Had a great day at Columbia for the TV Academy 2012 Career Day. Met Producers, Directors from major networks. Inspiring!
Be present, conscious and listen or you will miss the best parts.
Did you know: The Empire State Building was completed on this date in 1931, making it the world's tallest skyscraper at the time!
HATE when someone says I can't do something. It just makes me try that much harder to do it.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME. UGH
To estimate the temperature in degrees Fahrenheit, count the number of cricket chirps in 15 seconds then add 37
Mayor Daley spoke for many in IL about “Springfield bubble” --lawmakers are oblivious to the economy is.gd/bAG4o
Check out this and manifest possibilities Amazing_predictions_know_yourself_.pps Cool test from the Tibetans.
Random Twitter users, follow and un-follow me all you like, it's not going to make me follow you back.
#FF for my most important twitter-friend !! follow her she is great<3
#TeamFollowBack #TeamFollowForFollow #FollowForFollow @ me when u've already #followed so I can #follow u back!
Love that Morgan has no idea what Braveheart is when reporter asks about his Usain Bolt arrow pose. #fearthebeer 7-6 bottom of 9th.
So many options going INTO and OUT OF the high screen and roll for the Spurs. That's good basketball.
Happy Valentine's Day from your friends at Absolute EyeCare.
Jerry Springer offers some really deep and intelligent final thoughts!
you're welcome! I have to cheer for someone in the Miss Teen USA comp so why not u, besides you look like a pretty cool girl
Why am I so angry though
We did? I guess I wasn't following ;)
I mean really? Who cares what he's eating or where he's sitting??? Dudes not even that good.
Learn about a walk a thon that will help foster children today on
SASS where have you been all my life? No really, where?
Fresh cut comedy tonight! 5015 Penn ave, Pittsburgh, pa. Get here!
Your claim is false. I've never been, and never will be cool.
I thought u were...
Me too! TODAY is all "kids & FB misuse thse days! Why do they friend coworkers but not list employers? Don't they care abt wk?"
Chick Beer is now available in Indiana! We're coming out for a visit this week to help get it launched.??Thoughts??
Watching Killer Clowns with my nephew on netflixs
RUSHERS ELEVATE WITH BTR!!! :)
"boom. what's that? me droppin some knowledge on you!" haha love it!!
I have some stalker for some reason who's slandering me to everyone for no reason. I have no idea what's going on. I want to cry actually.
I wish I didn't have to worry about homework!
Watch yourself in Vegas, some of them can be men. You don't want to end up like
I didn't even know you had one! And you'll be the second Texan I know with a Texas tattoo. I only know two Texans.
There are situations where bleaching is okay like acne situations, but when you try to get a big region of your body bleached
- fave romantic restaurant in the Duke City? La Cafe Miche. And nothing wrong with Antiquity, Casa Vieja, Lucia.
Thanksceveryone who came out to support Joffrey's choreographers and everyone in need in Japan. It was an unforgetable night!
Morning peeps, happy first day of May ; two more days until 's birthday ! :)
Figuring out what to do this #longweekend? There's a #deal on Tickets for Blood, Sweat & the Disco @ The Loft on www.Shastic.com
shoulda huh... ma throat effed up...
Doctors appointment. Let's see how this goes.
surfing in the internet :P
Mowing the lawn with ma tractor! LIKE A BOSS 😁
:) I definitely couldn't afford to go without him. But it'll double as a 'summer vacation'
Lmao I love how I'm so care free about things right now.
Fml! I wanna go home and sleep!
The search for a new Provost is an important one. Thankfully, our search led us to Dr. Homan.He’s nationally respected.
yeah, I just stole the definition for pastry icing off wikipedia. That should fire someone up
follow pleasee <33 i love you goo muchh! good luckk in AC this week
Got it!!! Awesome vid! Thanks for the s/o! We love a lot of those artists, so we're def in good company! Thanks for sending! :)
RT is neither too short nor too long. Its simply whatever you choose to make it, moment by moment.
Do you think the Stop Online Piracy Act will impact the #translation industry?
“: I've been selected as a 2012 TED Fellow! I've been a HUGE fan of TED for many years and so honored” Congrats Jimmy!
Going to eat one of subs later, and can't wait! Haha I love sub way!
A positive about a negative isn't really a positive.
Flacco's 1st on the list of People Who Think They Should Be 1st.
Lmfao! Get a hobby :D
It's 106 in Las Vegas (but only feels like 101....). The hacker crowd is starting to fill the hotel for Defcon.
YES! That's my man!
Cecily:.. that's why I have to wait until morning Me: *types ok but auto correct messed up* Platter. *notices mistake* I meant okay
Until you respect yourself your a bitch in my eyes"
Looking for full time, part time or contract work. Please let me know if you have any leads! Much appreciated! Thanks!
Follow back cute :)
Wirtschaftsblatt? Yes, Austria's Business Daily just named The Secret of Teams to its Top 10 English Business Books list. Danke Schon!
He cleared the sheet, and was free to return, slightly downhill now, along the halyards to the mast
lol yeah I think most have them winning. I just don't want them to cuz I will have to hear everyone in the state talking shit haha
NUBLU WEDNESDAY...... *BRASIL PARTY W CARLOS DARCI from BANDA BLACK RIO... *ZE LUIS QUARTET plays the early set.. *GREG CAZ spinns...
We are proud to announce that we are sponsors of the Epilepsy Foundation walk June 24,2012...look for our logos on all advertisement!!
Hey baby boomers, we don't call ourselves" millenials" that name sucks it sounds like a star trek species
seeing if you wanted to join us for breakfast!
you had a blast I'm assuming?
Happened to me more than once when I was at osu RT got a parking ticket at 10:36.. got to my car at 10:38
yeah yeah yeah
I hate
totally agree
thanks for funding Workforce Intermediary. Let's
Congrats! Now that sounds amazing & keep up the good work!
#NP Lil Wayne ft Drake Right Above it Pre AM basketball
You won't beat me in this conversation bruh. Even you yourself said how this mouth piece of mines got some good ass game attached to it
Lol! Back when gave me a Shoutout. It was so funny to not forget. "Shoutout to...Ery?" She even pronounced it right. Lol 😁
If not before then, will likely be back here around the 5/10 or so. Love to everyone.
Good one! RT : A chance to qualify for the Indy 500 would be pretty high on my list ...
ugh get on. DUDE DUDE DUDE. hi
SOAKED! On Star Island coming to you November 5...tickets go on sale this week stay tuned for more details.
Is it possible to out grow family?
happy birthday to the funniest girl i know your an amazing friend and i hope you have an awesome birthday! (:
thanks man! swung in some #newfeds M&S too. hope to shake&move at some #librar*danceparty soon
Im late on that tweet tho cuz i guess he's already been freed lol
oh, hooray.
RT "I just wanted to beam unconditional love.. Not for too long bc I didn't want ppl to think I was hitting on them" JBH
thank u thank u & thank u again. I so enjoyed myself & u guys too! I will be upgrading soon
Agreed. He certainly needs to be playing more than Wilson, anyway, at least until defensive-replacement time.
you special boy.
Looking for the perfect Valentine's gift for your sweetheart? Ask about Hyatt's Signature Amour Romance Package today!
Sign up for a group class membership this month & pay $49 a month. Classes include yoga, mat pilates & cardio.
true but we spend more than that
Jets play worst 1st half in years and almost pull it out at end. Just ran out of time. Have to play a full 60, men! Oh, well. PGH again. Z
that awesome one on
can u say worst fucking officiating n the league!! i know you want Miami to win but do you have to fix the game 2???
exciting! Best of luck to you - I still need to have beers with you sometime when I'm over there visiting my wife's family.
Running some nice sales on graphic design services early tomorrow morning.. Let us know what you need and we'll consider it for the sale!
1.COLTS-LUCK...2.REDSKINS-RG3...6. RAMS-BLACKMON(PLEASE) YES I'M A RAM FAN!!
No other podcast that I know of...which is why we started Social Pros!
Mangled presidential slogans: Speak softly and carry a chicken in every pot
nah... just makes me realize how pretty and popular I am.
Welcome to SF! We're also in Mint Plaza! I'm OOF next week, but you should go say hello to other Zaarly folk like
Session 2b: Old New Orleans
The color is pretty intense even w/o the glowing. (And it's not like I'm going to move partial bottles of liquor across the country.)
I would trade 1000 groupies for 1 true love, ANYDAY!!
via : Drumm_McNaughton_PhD_CMC: George Carlin said, "Somewhere in the world there is the via
Yes. maybe even next Thursday, before the long weekend? Crush?
THE" DogHouse on the hill? If getting your pic there is wrong..then you're in EXCELLENT company. (demented, but excellent) =)
Trashy ass blizzard i got from dairy queen... Ugh
Chelsea in champions league final 2012. Chelsea not even in champions league 2013. HEHEHEHEHEH
s/o & the brother victorious for dropping the new mixtape The Break Up Part 2
thanks! RT : #FF - connecting women from..variety of professions [in] #Indy, founded by &...
Thanks for having me!
then its not very elite is it?
Put some aloe vera on it if you've got any, you'll feel much better.
#liesthatalwaysworked I'm on the pill, we'll be fine.
I rather fail knowing that I challenged myself than succeed knowing that I didnt.
chris brown
Just realized one good thing about 29...Rhymes with WINE, so it can't be that bad right?!!!
Rihanna Gives Sexiest ‘Saturday Night Live’ Performance Ever
Heading to to get my #blackjack on (thanks btw for the follow guys!)
There is honestly nothing better in the world than Hostess mini donuts.
I love to dance.
my major relationship is with my bed. i try to leave it and it goes, "but i miss you already!," and i'm like, oh, ok, i'll go back to you.
Jesmyn Ward's reading at Stanford was beautiful. The NBA couldn't have gone to a more talented and humble writer.
On the plane! Headed for Chicago, then Vegas! Finally excited and ready! Wish us luck! Xo
hey now!! OHIO!!
Is anyone going to the #TimMcGraw and #LadyAntebellum #concert tonight?
Merry Christmas 2009 Everyone!!
or walk… walking might be safer.
Can not wait to join the Y!
Latest poll in Portland Mayor's race suggests 30% of female voters have yet to make up their mind.
Check out "Quest" mode on #GoogleMaps... Makes the map look like an old video game... Guess that's their #AprilFools joke
Can't wait til Paranormal Challenge premieres tonight! So excited to see my man :)-
Hi Mr. Aronson, Thank you for the follow. Feel free to tweet us if you have any questions regarding to our industry.
Augst: lecture hall system perceived as potentially more influential mass medium than print ca. 1870
I never said I wasn't gonna kill him. I'm very fickle.
how do you accidentally discover such a thing? Using /me ironically?
Corey Crawford has no ability to be a hero this year. None. He will never have a shutout and he will never steal a game. #useless goalie
I txted u sunday and got no response
ASAP mob doesn't fuck around
I loved you then and I love you still. I forever do and I forever will..
it's not what you said it's what you didn't say
IT'S ALMOST SUSHI TIME!
Just in. Our team is going to try something new. New team go followers can get discounts on our service. Twitter followers only!
is looking quite handsome in his new dp.
Happy birthday !
What doesnt kill you makes you stronger! Stand a little taller...
Not yet, but it was mentioned several times in the WiT session. I will seek it out.
I almost fell off the horse yesterday. Thank God the wall-mart worker unplugged it!
You will stand for the rights of women... OK Obama. Holding you to that one.
Avengers with Pierre, Dom, & bogus Jake.
noone wants to hear from an invalid. ha ha
The message of DIgital Science is that Macmillan realizes it needs to become more of a technology company (amen!)
. Hey, Pete. I don't know. Maybe a Pontiac Bonneville. The convertible. But you don't drive.
« #BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I ran track cheer dance an did gymnastics»
“I’m frightened to death, I’m frightened that I won’t be strong.”
Taking my Mamma out for a little pre-birthday meal. Lord knows, the woman deserves it.
In the weight room bOut to work heemington
I asked God to resurrect me like Jesus and he did it twice #Happy Easter
Some people call it "Money & Patience"... but it is really "balls & brains".
Matthew 6:33-34 NIV. 'But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness...'
I question why he picked me some times becuz now it feels like our relationship isn't a relationship no more
REGGAE MASSIVE!!! This Sat. 6-10pm..."R.U. IRIE" radio show features KING ORTHODOX Sound!!! TUNES!!! CHUNES! DUB PLATES from back back!
how is 1/3 of Tres Pistoles feelin this morning? The moonshine was a bit too much Im sure.
Grabbing a quick bite then off to play some basketball for awhile. Its too nice out not to be outside.
even the World Series?!? This is the Fall Classic!
The library will be closing in 30 minutes!
Happiness is an attitude. You either make yourselve miserable, or happy and strong.
is at work..the Houston Rodeo starts today with Alan Jackson!
Which one is your favorite?
Nigga's cant see me like they seeing through a peep hole ;))
We will be launching our music on iTunes!
you gotta Love Yankees Baseball on ESPN
Well I finally did it and gave into twitter. I am pumped to see what this is all about
i just simply adore Kaoru! he's my fave character!
What?!? is into hot yoga? Somebody's lived in Madison too long. Does he also have Birkenstocks?
#WhenIWasLittle my brothers and i used to make championship belts from WWE and make believer we were the champions
Should of been double tech
In Mammoth's lowest-scoring 1st half this yr, CO with a 4-3 lead over WASH. with 2, and 1 each
what is your favorite zombie movie?
#Patriots needed help on defense and they are addressing it tonight. Smart by the Hoodie & company.
Elaborate dinner night. Who's coming over?
Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night. ~ Woody Allen
aren't you in french right now?
i just always Gotta be Rite
It is and it easily gets stuck in one's head. Wasn't there an industry with that goal?
Answer = both “: Big headache or big steal? The Rams select North Alabama CB Janoris Jenkins with the 39th pick. #SIDraft”
homemade pizza, the best pizza you can't buy!
RT : A7 issue with LiveStream and Vimeo is that theyre both 1-to-many, no interaction. Check out and
Just found out the #In-N-Out being built right by us in Hurst, Tx is open! Guess where I am heading for lunch?
Ha! nothing motivates like guilt.
Webcam Connects Newborn With Deployed Dad
Good point. I mean that the resulting apparent pixel size should be about 19-21px. But good call on the ems.
who's Meow. U mean Neis.
Many thx to all who attended this morning's #BCAB2012 Vancouver, "Secrets of Powerful Communicators - Get, Keep & Grow Audiences," session!
look forward to hearing about this one...
bra send me yo line
New Jersey is happening
Giants BItches!!
:No actually, you are wrong. How is Wilders even comparable to those he is raising the alarm on? Seen Fitna? Doubt it.
I don't need to rub the greatness of Cuse basketball in anyones face ESPN will do it for me!
thanks for spreading the word!
Yup RT : If I didn’t have all these photos that I’ll never look at, I don’t know how I would make my computer run so slow.
Thanks ! Looking forward to having you and your group here. Safe travels!
Fascinating choice for a title, as your review shows. Really can't wait to read--he's one of my favorite authors.
KNowing your heart rate is helpful for other reasons though. You could look at it that way!
thank you for giving your fans hope that anything is possible and inspiring us to #makeachange in the world!
oh there you are MLW... I thought you had disappeared!!!
How are you doing? Haven't seen you since November!
Finally went with your rec and had dinner at Virgil's. What a treat :-)
Connect with me on LinkedIn, Twitter, and Youtube! All links are in my profile!
is crazy for
glad. You liked the bit
Are you parent to a teen? Email we want your advice!
excellent.. Now I know who to go to for stories.
Just took a shit. It smells like vodka.
Courtney Cox tits are so big in this Longest Yard remake
you have my number...
yea...right. ik what your doing. It'll behoove you to stay off the grid for a while
I take em back like return flights
I hate girls that believe their boyfriends over their friends!
Gorgeous designs !
I love VT. But, then again, I love LA.
Why does say "What a load of old Poppycock" Find out tonight.
ya Ypsilanti girl is gettin ma3qouda lol we gotta make it fun n I don't mean makin fun of ppl lol
If you guys do anything awesome in the LA area July 3-10, I'll be slinking around there looking for entertainment. Just FYI :)
I can be so harsh sometimes. Good thing I'm really sweet if I like you.
NEXT YEAR, will have a #CorporateChallenge team. We promise. Good luck to y'all!
I had never seen #futurefood. Now I think it's the greatest thing ever. It's better than #TheBeatles. (via )
More money, more problems! Smh!
Who is your new Avi?
plzz follow me
News Flash! Le Peepers all a twitter 4 today’s $6.99 lunch specials..Ham&White Cheddar Omellete & Slick Chick Sandwich w/ choice of drink!
can you follow me please? <3
Military Wedding Gown Give away!! How exciting!! Brides Across America will be giving away new wedding gowns in a wide range of sizes...
do you know where we can get pretty light tickets this late ?
A genius is a man who can re-wrap a new shirt and not have any pins left over.
bitch no i dontt!!!
Second chance at New years: Mochitshuki Japanese American New Year's celebration on January 31st! www.mochitsuki.org!
Note the sarcasm of the second to last tweet 😂😂
Just go for the pan dulce. You'll be fine. ;-)
Just added a new dessert to our menu, Lucuma Tiramisu aka "Lucumisu"
well we'll just get some extra practice to get ready to kick your ass next week :) see you then!
Spring break is way to short
leave my class room please i can smell you from here !
I banned u both from acting up before 10 am service ...lol
When I see artists like in the NY Times and in Spin, I feel good about rap.
When big girls put their phone in their shirt. Uh. No.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune
The story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.
4:00pm - Get your seat early. :)
Come and get your Friday Fish! We have Dinners, and Today's special: Get a Catfish or Perch Sandwich w/ Fries and a Soda for $5
yep Love is what it is!
RT : Good Morning! Perfect way to start the week is to vote YES on your #SAGAFTRA merger ballots and drop them in the...
Nine apps your mom will love: Google picks its favorite Mother’s Day apps
Nice job. Knew you'd be big after '99 double whammy in Phoenix.
"And the trouble is, if you don't risk anything, you risk even more." - Erica Jong
Enjoying the browsing experience within the twitter iPhone app.
Show tonight at Tritone on south street between 15th and 16th. Get there!
a 3.3ghz 6 core laptop makes my brain explode....
I'm on my way home from hanging out with all of the awesome freinds that I haven't seen in a while.
Steve Harwell of is pouring tequila down throats of audience members here at Grand Slam Charity Jam, including !
ACOUSTICS! LOL (x we cool.
Your Twitter is Private
Did I mention that this is one of those books that I am SO EXCITED to put on my shelf because it & its package are just SO LOVELY?
Kanye is serial how HOT! Love it! 1 for everyday of the week
crazy! I paint my nails that color too!
oh which one? is it natural? i keep playing with the idea of making my own
They sleeping on me..fuck it, put your pajamas on.
bronze with Particular Emphasis » Bernadett&#39;s Social Blog ...
Well I guess that's it for me reading regularly. The main reason I used their site was for the network page.
Just sneezed in the library. No one blessed me. I'm gonna die.
Campus lights went out tonight at Purdue during planning! Preparations continue in the dark! TEDx coming to Purdue This Week!
I'm looking for tools or methods for remote brainstorming and idea generation. suggested Pinterest. Other ideas?
Hey Brooke, who do I speak to regarding your agent? I'm writing and producing a movie I think you'd be good in.
I'd rather push forward w less worry about race + more what draws us together as humans. Healthier in my opinion.
Yep. My friend Ryan's in the band. :)
Ohh my gosh, I'm tired. Trying not to fall asleep in class right now.
I wonder if this will still be a story if it turns out most of those 2000 come from the Cuban community?
Fuck My Daddy Cause He...#WasntThereForMe!
Rocking to colbie caillat on the way to my r and b gig.
bro name >> I'm fucking wit it the long way lbs
Ehmagawd! Just made a twitter! I hope accepts me to be in her PC!
When you plan for a game - how long should an institution imagine the life span of it? Could it evolve as environs change?
Please  help me get to
lmfao! He hacked me D:
im glad i have a twitter. i can let out all my pain and nobody will judge me. thanks guys. <3
I feel you fasho. Let's go have a drink for him Fri.
The Bobbie captures Thanksgiving as it's SUPPOSED to be: thankful and delicious. Unlike the holiday--seeing your in-laws.
do you think there's an actor ego issue to consider as well?
I'll take The Rapist for $400. Umm that's Therapist Mr. Connery...
"Good enough never is." ~ Debbi Fields
Via ; Today and every day in the US, 74 youth "age out" (become too old for foster care). 31 of these will soon be homeless.
hey i am a huge fan of you. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie. =)
what's wrong with Qdoba?? I like them better.
I'm wondering the same thing xD
Wow. Eli Manning is at my cousins wedding. What do u know.
If you were planning on buying me a t-shirt make sure there is a left breast pocket.
Laughing to myself as tweets as much as possible to get his tweet number up.
bring your rosary and pray to grandma
Getting respite in the pediatric dentist's waiting room. ;)
Why is it when I bring up the website there are no extra toolbars but when other people launch the website, there are?
Happiness is worth more after you experience pain.... Because you appreciate it more.
Looks like it. Crap.
It I'm doubt that special person will call lol
Round 2 good one
the #NBA is still a thing?
FINALLY, some flavor change up at Porter Square, welcome back the veteran Lychee flavor, lip smackingly tart!
Aw, man! Some jerkwad broke the sink flower pot in the median.
Never again will I have a 5 hour energy shot and a rockstar together.
I hate you
Observing children with
When a totally random person insults someone you hate and you're like, "Guess I just found my new best friend."
You meet so many awesome educators from around the world and find resources you wouldn't find otherwise!
I have seen little boys both ways, one ear ring and two ear rings, just like you see many men doing these days.Most men have 2
"Who's that bitch looking at me?" "Nan, you're just looking in the mirror.."
What's up man we would love to submit trax for radio... The Orphanz™
Time for NO sleep, energy drinks, and sloppy notes.
I AM 25!!! (in that voice you know )
See ya in 13 hrs Can you feel it ?
Great organization! We are happy to be a follower!
but we had such a great day, I would hate to see it end like that..... :-D
had fun shopping for skool clothes with my mom.SHOP'TILL YOU DROP
did i qualify?
Welcome to Alaska, the nigga free state.
Writing inspiration of the day: Did you know that frequent jet lag can damage memory? Interesting story subject...
And my cubbies win too?? Perfect night. Perfect.
He is adorable!!
!“: I will subtweet, mention, be despressed, curse, & retweet all up & down this motherfucker cause its my account, bitch.”
Eli loves you big booty bitch 💘
RT if you get bieber fever cuz i do haha
Sometimes your heart will feel, what your eyes refused too see and your mind declined to accept
Just bought $300 worth of Marlins tickets for $100 (y)
DINOSAUR TRAIN&#39;s New &quot;Dinosaurs A to Z&quot; One-Hour Special Airs This May on PBS KIDS
thanks for the follow! would love some help or a RT!
The worst feeling ever is when you hate your job
Some go to high school and others go to school high.
that is incredible.
Good luck tomorrow. Win 2
I be on that Marvin Gaye tip.
Keifer Sutherland scores again... FOX's "Touch" is an awesome show..
One Time For My Idol Sitting Court Side Rep For His Home Team!!
Workout inspiration: "your arms are your best accessory." -
haha ! I've entered the rivers contest a billion times ! They Have a private 1D concert !! If one of us wins, we go together!!
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
how r u
I will be the one that you can run to, the only one ♥
busy n tired ...
... probably the only upside to traveling!
liked that movie. good pairing.
Happy to be doing tech for
Yo your #TeamDomino is in the building!
Trying to DM ya, Can you hit me up?
Thanks for bieng on the Idol show . I would rather listen to your comments than the other female judge .
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire.
You're 1 of 4 players in UK history to shoot 44% FG, 81% FT, and 37% 3PFG for an entire career (T. Ford, D. Lamb, D. Miller)
Hey girl, I was going to email you today!
The term "librarian" is steeped in a discourse of fear (Radford+Radford 2001), so how about "reference librarians" become "research tutors"?
Well... The #Saints are screwed for this #NFL season... Villma 1 year suspension, Hargrove 8 games, Will Smith 5 and Fujita 3 games
ME TO hes to sex to rezist how old r yhu
And according to Epimenides, this sentence is false.
okokyeah it's too late to start recording vocals. lol mañana! <blowing out candles>
If I were to describe Lou to anyone I'd show them this pic its seriously him in a nutshell
Is it Halloween today?
What makes you happy ?
I'm down 90-82, opponent is done. Win I'm in playoffs, lose I'm out. Pick 1: Kevin smith tonight, Tolbert, lance Moore.
Well, tonight really hit the replay button. Except, hit a little harder. #tiredandworeout Tomorrow I can finally
Guess OctoMom is cleaning up today
Oh gosh, that just made me laugh out loud!
Hyperbole much, #AmericanIdol judges?
will you please follow me??(:
Big thanks to , and for their UVa careers. See you at JPJ tonight.
That would be your mistake. Comparing, cause none are alike. Get it right.
Looks promising, doesn't it? Interested to see how they will present & link the editions
The squad right there ": Blake, Bryant, Ebanks, HIll and Gasol on the floor to start the OT for LA."
Thanks for the RT! Sebastian Inlet is awesome. :)
Dam I'm confused.
Also big ups to for sitting in with us last night!
Don't be afraid to take chances.
Sorta like not talking to anyone and just chilling by muself tonight
This whole cooking for myself isn't going as I (optimistically) expected
I thought you were going out to the trails.
Maury: non-stop running PSA for birth control...& the worlds worst hook ups..YIKES!!!
a private life with a special someone is far more fulfilling than a public life with a million nobodies...good company=
La Grande Illusion (1937), review: Jean Renoir's drama about the demise of Old Europe, La Grande Illusion, holds..
I've hit that point of the day where all caffeine consumed has worn off. It's all downhill from here.
why are yall messing with my baby
#2011icf Audacity in order to change the world for the better is the right kind of audacity
I just uploaded some music to www.soundcloud.com/ jk michael music Check it out and let me know what you think. Thanks
Possible solution to corpus of copyrighted material - behind a firewall + easy to get password
Stayed at the school all day today !!! tired !
hm... i wonder when is gonna be creepin again? ;p ha
Creep much?
VERBALLY ASK YOUR SELF AM I A SLAVE TO THE media
yet americans watch 5 hrs of video each day, 98% of it on a traditional TV set (nielsen)
You're too good to me... (and the galaxy.)
Thank you for writing "Stuck on a Ferris Wheel" I really look up to you :)
“: it should be filed en masse every state election board RNC and flood courts”.
“: Just wrapped location scouting for the shoot this Saturday. So excited!!” yeah! We are too!
Sometimes things are really goddamn awesome, then you wonder if anything that good will ever happen to you again, and you are sad.
I heard the local paper has it out for jcpl and gave them lots of bad press.
Yeah I'm alive and going home!!
Any recommendations on what's the state of the art or where we are heading in the JSON as a hypermedia format space? /cc
Luckily I was endowed, but not ordained.
haha your so sweet!!
ALSO I am totally recovering my vocal strength :D
He got paid from Verizon too
swing dance nights (Saturdays) are going great! This weekend, we celebrate 4 year anniversary of swing at Te!
What music are you into this weekend, DC?
a showgirl
your a cutie!(:
I don't think it works that way. But good luck!
Got my replacement intuos mouse! No more double clicking when I click once!
I sure am Joe. Look forward to it. :)
Tan lines are like highlighter for your most awesome body parts
Lol. Someone tried to steal our tip jar! Thanks to the good Samaritan that stopped him!
They say love is a magical thing full of happiness. But it can also Hurt You
When you need someone to comfort you, a friend is near
From 106 emails to 8. I'd say it's been a productive week thus far.
making sure Joe Preston is still alive. Cabo isn't for everyone...
Paging Mr Herman-Clooney. RT : Thank you, Mr. President, for standing up for equality. Yours Truly, Pee-wee Herman-Clooney.
Take a nap or push through? Lunch first.
RT : ♫ Street Knock (feat. ASAP Rocky) - by Swizz Beatz
loves "life is long, theatre is longer" from #Smash! First time watching it.....
U r all little Angels from Heaven and I promise I will help all that I can so that u don't go a day without food. Dogs Rule.
Wonders how many of our followers are registered bone marrow donors...Are you?
Static cling is third only to panty lines and camel toe as the most annoying fashion faux pas.
lol yeah me either
R.I.P. Trayvon Martin
On CBA, Flores says we need to be compassionate and respectful. Need mutual resolutions.
Or do we just embrace the role of aesthetic editing in conservation treatment?
I followed them you better give me a freaking cookie! Plus I'm driving you home so I think 2 cookies? Yes :)
look for 50% off your next invoice! Thanks for the business.
Burnt to a crisp
When it comes to business, act and ask for forgiveness later
I think I need to get dressed not sure about what I'm going to wear
God bless you all today! :D
gosh darn it! i cant stop pouring the packet of cheese into the boiling water
Now enough of them old niggas and that bum squad-time for a real game
Take a hit from the bong, slam the tequila and then let me feel ya!
And generally a terrible one, at that.
breakfast soon?
This class is a joke
so bored :/
I hope lebron doesn't think he can guard melo
On CQ.com now, CQ Today tomorrow: Congress and Obama officials lay out some plans for chopping, managing, keeping parts of the spy budget.
Time to hit the streets... My new album titled RealTalk33147 Hits ITunes Real Soon..... Keep You Posted
is it true raw is going to be 3 hours for good or just for Monday ?
I am Daniela remember me I use to talk to u long ago,I am from albania like u
Riddle Time: The longer you hold on to me the hotter I get? What am I? A: My checks last month.
Shove my dick in your sub sandwhich.
and anyone else in Hallorans pride time try and see if you can bring some food tomorrow
Thank you to everyone who's been following:) I appreciate it
did you get "sexybaby" Jonny to color that tat?
Today is National Shrimp Day!! What's your fave way to eat shrimp?
I'd better go get some. :-)
Everybody put in your path, aint always good for you....
Divisions: Miss, Teen, Miss Jr Teen. Winners represent VA at the national Miss United States 2012 Pageant this July in Washington, DC
Wickedness will always reign
Look at the job description. That helps me when the requirements are vague.
woohoo! Have a fun and safe trip this weekend, you going to the rangers game??
Thank you. The rest of the country needs to support him and the general message....
Watch out this weekend. State patrol troopers are looking for drunk drivers. Keep us all safe and organize a sober ride.
Is your phone working yet!?
Really cold weather = really hot coffee!
Love iPhone. Just bought the latest book of All You Need to Know About the Music Business by via app in line
I don't remember... I still try n hang with you guys and keep in touch but I guess my HS friendships are OVER!!! : (
There will be contest being announced soon with a chance to win 2 free tickets to our September 17th show in Cleveland, Ohio...STAY TUNED!
A very good cause my friends.
You lucky man.
So many lost scoring opportunities...#Packers need to step it up! And, oh, yeah - SACK Favre!!!
Holding on to our pain keeps us from experiencing joy because we are so busy trying to contain those painful feelings.
Hope people recognize you at games and treat you like SHIT!!!!!
I just can't believe that - my jaw hit the floor when I read it.
did JLO and Cameron just show their.....behind ?
for a start? lol u made one statement buddy. educate yourself before u try arguing with me that pot is worse than roids
Let's finish this Bears
Planning a new site for the photography side of things. it deserves a site of it's own. Until then, great summer deals on photos! email me!
Food Food Food Food 🍔🍟
Starting phase 3 of P90X today. A long way to go, but in better shape.
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYJBOOGZ how is it not trending tho
Thanks, Maggie. I was looking at the tefl course in Chiang Mai- still deciding if I'm going to take it here or back in US.
Send Goals To Global Staff - Investor's Business Daily
We operate the nation's only portable Cruse Scanner, ideal for large fine art capture, model 295 size like that of the DOD...
No 2 hour delay for me tomorrow. :/
For reals people ordering a baconator with no bacon...... :O
Happy Good Passover Friday: the day Israel was saved by lamb's blood in Exodus 12:12 as Gen 22:8 promised & delivered in John 1:29
We have over 250 followers in the first week! Thanks for following.
#RT If you can roll your tongue.
#FF Teacher Appreciation Week Edition:
Lake Michigan > Los Angeles Lakers
GAB calls recall for Four Senators, three will face special elections.
biology tutoring in 20 minutes...*sighs*
“: lol what? is jordan in trouble?!” uhmm well we aren't together any more, but that's not about him lol
An Ant-Man movie might be coming in a couple of years, my nigga that's dope. He has a cool story.
RT Small Ideas can grow into major ideas. Lets make #ThinkStyleWorld.com a trending topic on
let's make a toast to , its on us!
Good, wise reasoning. I WONT TELL A SOUL
Watermelon Festival today! See you in #CaryTown, #Richmond!
Do you feel weird when underage girls flash you?
Now that the chips are down I can't do it. When I see Barnes or Bynum and their stupid unpunched faces I can't do it.
another video from that boy NOT
thank you! we're launching our beta soon!
Send me a link :)
Go to Macy's in the Galleria. They have ridiculous formal ware sales this time of year!
playing a team from Kansas in Portland. These are all neutral site games.
Diggy - Do it Like You sounds a little like Nicki Minaj - Right By My side. Same producers?
I don't pay attention to labels...I'm more into style
do you dig pop/ rock music?? listen to this... www.soundcloud.com/iamforyou
YEEEEEE #SaySomethin IS ABOUT TO PLAY AGAIN
Vulcan mind reader
the headset yelling at you to change the battery but youre too lazy to get up ..
I have a few around myself. Those things are indestructible!
Numbers for IB and what i think of you!!
in what way
QoTD: "Constant effort and frequent mistakes are the stepping stones to genius." (Elbert Hubbard)
Great to see you too! Looking forward to connecting again soon, we have some work to do here in DC :)
« People B So Anti #FuckEm» YOU!
If you are not in Brayboy then you are in the wrong place. Lady Golden Bulls are in a dog fight against Shaw!
after today I will never have to tell abby to stop licking, chasing,or biting the kitten. Prim is going to her forever home
all of the counties in Ohio that traditionally vote democrate went to Romney
Derrion stole my headphones
after this goes off All That comes on...man this is making me miss the good shows that I watched growing up!!
Charity should begin at home, but should not stay there. ~Phillips Brooks
*checks time*
Haven't received a Chef Hall of Fame vote from Call 858-634-4410 if you want to be part of Monday's photo shoot!
Hey hope you have a good night =) could I text you? I'd send you a direct message, but still tryin to figure that out lol
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.
Listening to Ryan Adams' "Easy Tiger". Such a great album!!!
Time matters for savings. Save $5000 at age 21 rather than age 26, and by 65, you'll have $28,000 more (assumes average 7% annual return).
i haven't cried this week and i was thinking things were getting better finally. but no. things just go 10x worse.
D3 extends good luck wishes to Y.C., J.F. & N.V. this week. Also, D3 offering best wishes to M.M. & C.M.!
R.I.P. To the Queen of RnB/Pop Music. Rest in Peace Whitney Houston, Gone but Never Forgotten.
Ironically, your tweet talks about what "you" want. :)
Vanessa just left us hangin' ... Lol
Too sweet :D Hope to see you soon!
then go
Watching the latest #rhobh and realizing I missed the last one. And by "missed" I mean fell asleep.
: they did say "classy" dress. I'll email pics. Need new cocktail dress, tbh.
Self-proclaimed movie + design night. What to watch, what to watch...
Watch em scatter as I turn da lights on!
I meant to say good dizzle
Angel isnt gonna be here again
Omg lol he wags his tail! So cute! Looovvee it!
This means 150 million more people could have enough to eat each year.
Figured out a way to use WCF AJAX services in a mixed HTTP/HTTPS environment
Ewwww my brother always waking up on hard!! Ewwwwwwww
Thanks for stopping!
thanks for coming out and giving it a whirl!
Looks like A LOT of my followers know they SEXY lol. They say confidence is very attractive ;)
that's right... He is dangerous
is there a working live stream?????
we added you on LinkedIN and would love to pick your brain very soon.
What happened to our sunshine? A rainy Monday is the perfect time to make some scrambled eggs and breakfast sausage links.
Everyone smiles in the same language. Unknown
One of the saddest movies ever...
Gave you a vote. Good luck!
thanks for kind message. So good to meet nice, like-minded fans
We are looking to grow our "USA House Concert Services." USA Musicians Networking for a Change... Open to ideas! Team players welcome...
haha. yes we do try to take our own medicine! keep me posted on catching up. would be good to see you!
I've heard some wonderful thoughts on this by about "human technology".
New blog post : Bigger Back Workout
If I wanted to go #BinLaden #Hunting in #Pakistan.. Would #Delta let me bring my #AK47, #SniperRiffle, & #Gernades on the plane..?
Chrysler recalling 127K Dodge Charger & Chrysler 300 vehicles; potential problems in electrical stability control, anti-lock brakes -Reuters
Back in the O! Relaxing for a moment den back out I go
We are happy to have in our EA family, so many tech events and beyond- we can't keep up with these guys!!!!
I missed seeing you too! what you got mom was cute! #loveyou 😉
Love this!
We will pushing our website launch date to July 5th...We thank you for your patience.
Business registration: check. Woot!
thank you!!!
follow !! listen to their music at www.myspace.com/poemaofficial
gerbe and ennis are clearly the future.......and the future's so bright I gotta wear shades
RT would be cool if kids had to dissect and identify components of dead electronic devices the way they do dead frogs.
Placing bets as to of I can sleep this entire 15 hour flight to Sydney. I totally think I can do it!
Tweet tweet, we in here mayne!
Thanks for a great interview with Mark Green and David Bowen on
Hope your day is going good! Love you and miss u
Apparently...I can get away with saying random things...Folks just say 'Oh, that Crazy Nix...she so funny' *blinks rapidly*
I've seen them show up within a few minutes, after someone tells me they got it, to 4-5 hours. Then some just show up
#30thingsaboutme. 1: I love learning new songs on my guitar. It's become some sort of obsession in a way.
Spring Fever! Ready to get outdoors and enjoy some fishing,boating,camping, and hunting? I know we are!Get out and start an adventure :)
bitch i might be
Today's words - The mess you are going through now is preparing you for the greatness to come!
thanks!“: Your vegan chocolate parfait is awesome, even though I am no vegan foodie. Great alternative indeed!!!”
My bookmarks seem to have emerged from #deliciousfail entirely unscathed. Hopefully those code fixes will be coming quickly.
hope you liked the news!! =]
Have a great weekend everyone!
Who gon stop me?
School sucks!
#SomeHoeSomeWhere is in alot of pain, lacks self love, uses sex t as a bandaid for that pain, & to feel loved. God loves you,YOU CAN STOP!
Good food Service so-so but what's with the chick sitting outside with a suitcase??
Nearly one in four active internet users in Europe visit unlicensed sites monthly.
We're now big fans of the Buckeye state! RT : We just saw your mention! We would love to model our beards for you!
Gaga Lights Up Our Lives <3
I'll always cherish the five years I've spent in Iowa. Please let me call you my home state during the 2036 caucus race.
Listening to Use To Be
thats not exactly Denver's M.O.
#donttakeheroutonvday if the first place you think to go is a hot dog stand, tanning bed, health department, or chuck e cheeses
don't do it, yolo! :) lol
Or, at the very least, that he has no twinges of conscience about it. I remember so many crappy things I did with horror.
sweet! I love that place! Good luck!
Beauty Tip: For attractive lips, speak words of kindness.
Shit in order to miss school tomorrow... I gotta go to a bridal show with my mom
is Bob converting the 5 to liberalism
That's so awesome!!!!
You're all kinds of awesome. Thanks!!!
haha I'll make sure to take my time! xD
Buckle up :) RT : Just started reading "Sun Stand Still" and I'm already blown away and I'm only on pg 7. *straps on seat belt*
YES I HAVE QUESTIONES!!!!
Dexter = Holy Shit.
Double that! YES!
dont know if u caught the bulls game but #BIGdisappointment for me!!
rub rub rub
On my way to the Pepsi Center.
Need a #QualityDJ to host your next mixtape or event? Use who and use ==> <<== he is #TheBest!!!!!!
happy Easter <3's!!! Hope ur day is full of happiness & joy!xoxo Moni
lol @ last statement
that'll be perfect for the
We're officially in 23 countries - Welcome Norway, Italy, and Ireland - Thanks to Germany, Canada, and Australia for your loyalty!
Raining in Copenhagen = perfect excuse to go shopping indoors at the Magasin du Nord?
Thank you so much! Your blog post was the greatest, and so complimentary! Can't thank you enough! :)
Thx for the follow!
yeah video games are fun like an Xbox 360 or playstation 3 but not a hand held lower device.
what you mean for?
If you don't have any plans for the weekend, we'd love to have you join us at the Mind Tripping Show at the
Thanks for the RT!
Boomgarden takes the first set over Schnarr, 6-1. Hogendorn is giving Rodgers all he can handle in the other No. 1 singles semifinal.
NeNe's -- go for both breakfast AND dinner. Promise you won't be disappointed. Also Snook Inn, Little Bar, and DaVinci's .
mane bitch fuckin match!.
Thanks to for the follows. Raising a glass to you all. Happy Friday
Hey everyone! Please follow , my new home in Power Plant Live! Come check out my new food!
Twittered out.
Cool! I'm sure the weather is perfect for it too. Am envious. Enjoy, my friend!
Getting ready to #Denver with youtu.be/Fp0Y_XCHUbY
Nigga. Yes I do, and just go with me? Duhh.
let's go to Jamaica! LoL!
Ever notice how it's a penny for your thoughts, yet you put in your two-cents? Someone is making a penny on the deal!-- Steven Wright
RT Bus driver arrested 4 driving intoxicated on daily route - Nice statements- reminds me of #JMS481 standby statements!
": I would txt #oneoyfollowers but i aint got time for that sometimes shit"god damn its.
My tomato plants in my container garden are doing great. I actually have some teeny little green tomatoes.
what city?
Sounds like a fun summer!
Bahaha popular demand... Yes everything is great! How you been?
The only blue people I refer to shall be from Avatar ;)
heck yes I brought the house down!!! Loves it.
probably only took about 20 of them to completely hijack the chat session... still chuckle about some of the comments
I'm eating and my mom and brother are talking about pooh
I was celebrating pretending to be Irish for a day with thousands of others (wearing green of course) in Chicago!
I see you
is there anything u like about school? i like to see the cute boys
Good morning, Lord. I love U w/ all my heart but why must You wake me at 0345. Oh, I know...silence & undivided attention.
I wish I could box to relieve stress
I don't think I've ever been this bored at home before
you have bad cousins lol
Our Fall Meetup is tomorrow! Come by between 6-8pm and sample our menu and taste some Meet Chefs Eric Bauer and Aaron Andrews.
Mark Twain letters safe and sound in acid-free archives boxes. Loan agreement signed. Next step: display.
yeah that part "I love to love you baby" wow RIP Donna :(
Don't feed me bullshit
Sushi time with joy and baby Zane!!!
Recording at studio
I can't be the only one watching the #NFLDraft who noticed Ryan Tannehill's presumed girlfriend...
About to eat and put it in my lungs..
Getting back into some coding today. Doing some work with sms now and will be looking at iOS video streaming in a bit.
its all good David,
Not to worry! 50s return early next week. As you know, that's tropical for Wisconsin this time of year.
I am! (and at the spa in my barn!)
I haven't been up this early in a while...and when I say "this early" I mean "still"
Vincent and Mikey
eat my shit.
So glad you're here-- hope you're having a good time!
GAME TIME! But I can't decide who to root for....YEAH OHIO
Not gonna happen!!! I'm coming to WI to help out likely over Memorial Day weekend.
if he says no tell him: "no I won't back down"
thanks for your support today!
Wide awake....insomnia
No problem, great info and brewers do a great job w/ SM...I joined but never got going, have pinned maybe 4 times in 3 months
#ObamaForgot to support the legalization, taxation, and regulation of recreational drug use.
Can I help trend this?
that's a whole different class.
Is she writing me a letter too?
Pro Tip: always good to drain all your holes before a weekend ride.
BRB Going On My Backup
shower den bak to studio
Wow.do I feel like complete shit right now
Yes I did. A couple of times :-)
I have! Not in a while though!
Having the ability to look into someone's eyes and knowing they are high af >>
SAY A PRAYER TO THE MAN ABOVE AND GET THIS MONEY THEY TRYING TO HOLD US FROM!
#lautnermakesme I'm so gonna trend this
I ask myself: Who is this cyclist person? Where is the layabout motorist? Am I going sk8r next? Self: Nope. Shiva Nata on a unicycle.
Tweeting During Church .
hm...probably~
Yeah thats how I am about here. That junk be different every time!
Lucroy, wait for a good one.
listening to radiohead and zoning the hell out. must. keep. writing.
hannah went on friday i was like wah
good morning twitter and cenation and wwe fans john can u follow im a part of cenation and i always will be ill never give upjohn
While The Flintstone's technology was a bit rough on animals and reptiles, it did point to a distributed energy policy.
Okay, nobody tell my kids I'm about to see "The Muppets" without them.
Aight lets go
Today is out of control. I just want to take a nap for like an hour-ish...
I really liked your manifesto. Greg & I have had very similar conversations!! Looking forward to next steps
SAT word of the day: zephyr (n.) a gentle breeze
RT : Back up on this failure thing. Encourage mistakes, but dont leave ppl floundering w/o knowing they have a net.
Now I'm in a bad mood. Good job.
That is fabulous! Thanks!
thanks for the follow :))
When you decide to trust God, make sure you leave your emotions behind. -
Had an amazing time worshipping in Rushville tonight.. It was a perfect night
I Wanna Meet You !
Its monday a new week Fresh start .. Get it right n Check out www.whoistrillogy.com
Well? Are you exhausted? Any fan favorites? What did you get me?
Your tweets always make me realize how great God really is. Thanks!
And has a propensity for ankle injuries?
aw... Happy Mothers day
Not just yet. Still trying to reach a certain threshold of panelists. Thanks for your help so far.
just look at her FB and I got the best men hunting swiper down officer T.J Hooker and Ice Tea u wanna help find him
want some? They ship! Though Im pretty sure Aussie customs would intercept the eff out of them.
nah..wish tho
I haven't read the 3rd one yet.. But pretty excited for the.movie
Ok...the Avengers was GOOD!!!
he is the coolest!!
tell your mom I said happy mothers day :))
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE!!!
When their infants wake in the night, the babymanderers equivocate them back to sleep.
skipping class turned into a job opportunity. #hopeitislegit wish me luck!
Y r the nuggets bout 2 beat L.A. am I high or what...lol
Just had a shitty show. Does anyone know a fun way to take up cutting? I have the motivation, just not the know-how.
Thanks for the compliment :) Not sure if I'll make the next brkfst let me know if anything awesome jumps out at ya.
This is hysterical. We are having a full on convo via twitter! If you didn't know me, I could very we'll be a 350lb guy. Yum!
Lol, yur right. I probably didn't have 15 total bases in my entire Little League career.
Oh. *laughs* i was wondering why it was all over my timeline.
Yup. Grateful 4 him RT : tweeps, since most of you are #Brewers fans...Are you rooting for Prince Fielder to do well in Detroit?
strike that. 3 links from and no prompt. I'll be shutting up now. Well done !
Black Friday Deals are coming!
Going back to mid 90s this weekend in DFW! But today is SO nice! Wish it would stick! What do you want to see this autumn?
At Sheds Aquarium
sermon time i want to wild out i really do but im holding it in
BBQ, Umw apartment 424. 12:00-2:00 pm. Would love to have you of you're free!
RT : RT : RT : Genius Marketing: #Ikea Photographer Turns Kitchenware Into Art...
Which Pym novel would you recommend as a first read to a BP newbie with a kindle and some vacation time next week? Thank you!
I think a resident of New York is entitled to talk big concerning his city just as much as the Mayor does from time to time. [1942]
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!! even though it's only 3:46am here-.- anyways, I can't wait for the surprise tomorrow.
Reading this book Jesus Christ Disciplemaker for my discipleship class has changed my view on being a discipleship as well as making them
Thanks for the RT. Hope you enjoy the gorgeous long weekend!
#ireallywant my vacation to be here so I travel to San Diego to watch the rangers play the fathers
As much as my college bball alliance lies with my undergrad #cuse I gotta give the grad school some love today
Happy New Year! Yup, some much needed recuperation is in order. How did recruiting go in 2011?
What the country needs are a few labor-making inventions.
Berman: We need a Humanities accessible to humanity.
"I LOVE my new Rav4!!!! Robbie is awesome!:) He found me the perfect car right away, exactly what I wanted and needed and at a lower...
You freaking people are stupid. You make me want to cry out of disappointment.
Aww really *smiles at * ♥ ♥
.com domains only this weekend $9.49
Also, #aaa2011 media folks! Our panel "NO MATTER WHERE: TRACKING NEW MEDIA MATERIALITIES AND IDEOLOGIES" is in 514B from 4 on. Me=6pm
AH OMG OMG OMG I LOVE YOU SO MUCH FOR TWEETING THAT
I literally mean it when I say thank God Santorum is done.
RT : Don't be afraid of opposition; remember, a kite rises against, not with, the wind - Hamilton W Mabie
Much Thanks Bon!! Hope you are well, been busy lately? Crazy busy here but its brilliant!! Hope to hear from you soon :)
hey you know when I asked your opinion on whether you could wait or not?! YA ME EITHER.
I'M SO SAD I MISSED HER.
I always say indeed. I'm proud of myself. It makes you sound smart. I look like a teacher with glasses O.o
Need my car asap!
To awe us young people, who don't know anything except what we looked up on Google five minutes ago!
It's a shame. If not for all of the injuries, Tracy McGrady could have been one of the best players in the league..
nice.. Keep up the good artwork!
Her last tweet to was HI-larious! RT : Hey follow she is funniester.
Yup thats it, pd, sheriff, & fire/ems all separate.
sometime in that afternoon
#MUSIC u stole my heart frm HER and I'm LOVING EVERY SECOND OF IT
My sources indicate Peyton is currently having a contract constructed by the Titans. Oh my Gawd
Happy mothers day to all my fellow mommies out there!!!! :)
it might b all of them, but I went 2 the one on rockside in beford.
LOL! I'm guessing the teacher told you about the story?
Enjoying a relaxing clean up of the Bus office after FestiBus last night. SO WORTH IT
Who all's coming to Panama City Beach for Spring Break?!
bring me some!
famine poverty death life
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Happy Holidays to more of my favorite tweeps
Y let WIND influence ur WHOLE life? U need ta hav SOME control. That "whatever will b, will b" is nun but Fairytale Crap.
im cutting you off.
yes :D you?
How could you NOT imagine skipping through fields with Thor. Topless. Frolick away dear friend.
Thank you! Heating pads & margaritas tonight. Could be worse right? Enjoy your evening ~
Loud and clear RT ": Test"
New kitchen faucet works great! Recently-repaired toilet still functioning. I'll give a guarded "yay."
Need to help our friends in the East. I will gladly adopt a family in need, come be safe. If in Tokyo send me a tweet, need a place? Best!
how many classes need to learn? :)
The venom of the Australian Brown Snake is so powerful only 1/14,000th of an ounce is enough to kill a human.
That is a bummer.
perfect time of year....
Should have ran PA
“: Craving a cannoli. Anyone able to provide this for me? #italiangirlproblems ” weird cause I'm craving one too!
definitely. Inspiring stuff.
Thanks for the comment. I'll visit your site too!
Into the eye of the storm...figuratively and literally!
i think it was just last week you were telling your mom about our amazing "always" .... take that
These mfs in class are laughing about stuff that happened during Hurricane Katrina. How about I throw you in that shit and see if you laugh.
it's in my queue. Haven't watched it, but I read the description. So, not really.
haha I know he says she like hosts parties and sells them
LISA WISEMAN lays down the rules for "getting wasted"...
Is it okay if I hit you up for some advice, Chris?
I am on my way to church, tamala mann is going to be there
Welp goodnight fans and #CarrieUnderwood fans! We love you.
adults v. grown ups
8 more hours...I can see the light at the end of the tunnel
Solo all morning!?!?! Yikes! Good Luck!
Hey guys! We've added many new cars to our fleet! Short waits city wide Seattle! Make us your first call when ya need a cab! (206)722-7696
Haha I know the feeling. Living the dream, right?
im almost done memorizing the 2nd page!
Hey thanks so much for your music... Making life sweeter!!
phew! I was hoping a little extra kindness would be the answer.
Yeah that's yo baby mamma but her numbers in my Android
I bet something in regards to CBA spinnin a anniversary special for Brass is doable. Just a hunch.
thanks so much, kate! haven't stopped smiling. :)
hahah that just made my day! :) you should make a batch <3
On this day in 1905, Albert Einstein published his paper in which he revealed the relationship between Mass and Energy was E=MC²
RT : apparently today is Star Wars Day -- so May the 4th be with you :-)
Amen. RT : Happy Opening Day, . The long winter is over.
Black Forest Remodel & Tile "Increasing Your Quality of Life" Portland's Remodeling Expert
Good! You are wise.
I only drink soda in cups and water in bottles.
yeah, see the thing is...you're in Montana :-P
it was on the unit next door to the one we were working in. We needed to get in and the guy wouldn't open so they called the cops.
Going to see Britney tonight.
I'm at and 's presentation.
preach brother preach
Hawks are rocking the Celts early.. interesting...
In addition to the the NCAA, Indiana Sports Corp, Indianapolis Indians, and the Big Ten Conference.....
:) I'm playing "Don't You Worry About a Thing" now
vh1 love &Hip hop Miami reality show has been shooting down here this week and weekend shit has been so crazy plus fashion week.
Let's go Michigan!!!!
Of course the SKC rain jacket I purchased is sold out...but of course it doesn't show up as sold out online and nobody contacted me.
you've judged my hair and my drink this week...
Early morning flight to Phoenix
good for you. Read your
Season finale of Once Upon A Time !!
if only!!! What a wonderful world it would be! TheBoxingCoach: Does New Years Eve really happen like in the movies?
bro I sent you my cell number.
The Gross Clinic is a regional gem
They know who they are :)
i know I'm late but followed. (:
Got to see the Space Shuttle strapped to the top of a 747 in NY today, but couldn't get a photo. Awesome sight to see though!
|#quotes Anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
oh my god....&teachers are supposed to be role models...?
That one song that brings back so many memories.
I'll never forget the people that got me to where I am today...I'll never forgive them either...
you shoulda just came and watched the movie with me last night, i was CLEARLY the third wheel
Today, August 7 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" hosted by Priscilla Leona | Carrie Cavalier, Celebrity Photographer | GO: latalkradio.com | Ch.1
aww. I love all history.
Thank you for the #FF!
That's hot.
next season of #madmen starts on march 25
my shoulder is so tight that it is pulling my chest.. that means it is so hurty that it hurts to breathe
i know! bummer. oh well, on to the next villa...lol.
happy may to you too!(:
Have a Green Day!
Being losers wiff
You can disable the "jumping to next cue" in the workspace preferences. Disable "playback position is always the selected cue"
yea 2hrs later on my fne
And i never found my ipod-___-
Omg...horrible game today. Thank god our young inexperience defense saved our asses.
Listening 2 So Sick and automatically thought of =)
I'd take pictures of my food and post it online but everyone already knows what frozen pizza and frosted flakes look like.
Lmao she tell u everything that's Ur wife she won't say nothing to me know more
Spotted doppelgänger in DC. Drinking coffee and everything.
hahaa yea i guess you could come over hahaa!
So true... "Flat ironing your hair and praying that you finish the same day. #Latinaproblems"
"If there's a worm at the bottom of your tequila bottle, you've purchased gag-inducing hooch aimed at gullible gringos."
You make us happy!! /cc
smh I still haven't seen that movie precious
why me
Study: Antibiotic Reduces Human Fertility - Fars News Agency
Scandal is awesome!!
The barndance boogie? Yes please.
comeon it's not that cold... Well at least not compared to phx...
He was doing great for Egypt earlier in his ruling time but a lot changed after that.I missed till only 3 years ago.
I'm in the ghetto and wearing pink. Should I be worried?
Jawaharlal Nehru~Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence,is the key to unlocking your potential
Amazon is shipping The Pale King early; a friend of mine got his copy in the mail today. What gives, Amazon?
people have begun to lose their hopes & forget their dreams,so the Nothing grows stronger. It's the emptiness that's left...
Joe bends the organ and Aaron makes it rain - Oct 29 @ Wild Tymes.
Happy President's Day “: I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. Thomas Jefferson”
#SM3 calls on Congress to let employers, insurance co's refuse coverage for health care that they have moral, relig. objections to
That means no phone. No twitter. No tumblr. No Facebook. No instagram. All that ish.
Marine Mammel Center Gala = Success!
Most men can handle adversity but if you want to test a man's true character give him prosperity. -Abe Lincoln
This week's show is action packed! Roger picks his two favorite Peter Falk movies. Also, Christy and Ignatiy answer questions from viewers!
I think I am starting to get twitting. Or is it tweeting? Someone tell me why I should connect to my cellphone - or to Facebook.
Come out for a classy theater night on Wednesday, April 4th! Followed by drinks and conversations with the playwright, D.L. Siegel...
The next time a dude says or does something ridiculous I'mma tell that sucka to think like a woman. Mmmhm I am.
NICE collection! Have a favorite out of the bunch? ps: nice background too! :-)
Now why did Vicky send me coupons. We don't have one in ECity. Now I HAVE to take a trip to VA
Energy is moving quickly as we #recallwalker and bring justice back to Wisconsin in 2012
yes!!!! That counts. Brunch soon. R u free next Sat?
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 108
New posting about my latest adventure later today. Wishing you live and light!! HAPPY FRIDAY
loves listening to the 'This Old House' guys pronounce their As.
you in Spokane?
Just spotted my first NYC raccoon. Huh.
I secretly love listening to songs that have New York somewhere in there. It makes me feel proud to live here. Yes, I know. I'm stupid.
Looks like a lot of characters are going to have speaking roles next week. Will be riveting.
Will this be picked up by pentametron?
I swear I only typo Twitter names when I try to do
It's so hard to get to follow me.... #FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE ?(:
Our birthday is the 26 my mom turning 50 and me and Mikey both turning 13 sweet!!!! :)
When publishing in Articulate, I am getting a zia12345 file instead of a zip. Ideas? Help!
you should! they're the sweetest & love you even more because the know you "saved" them.
I really love you <3 Hahahaha.
400 followers! Thanks so much you guys! (: ~Soph
dear please stop the conquest to publish my playlists on Fb. I have to opt-out twice a week on the mobile app! Abt to move to
You can do it :) a lot of outdoor plants seem easier than indoor ones.
Well jus got my flight booked for Puerto Rico June 28 so Texas gotta put up wit me fo two more months and then San Juan betta be ready lol
And win octuple crown “: agrees Rt: : So & I agree Kemp will hit .500 Bud thinks 50 HR/50SB.”
did u miss school
Exactly right on both counts!! #philanthropy #planned giving
ah same here with the finals :/ Big Bro.
I have! I really love them, but I don't run in them. I like to spread out my toes by walking in them after a long run :-)
me too. Ive got a 42% and dropping...
Red Printer. RT : The color of your shirt + The First Object to your Right = YOUR SUPERHERO NAME ...what's yours?
OMG. Dropping the ball as we speak! Where and when?!?
Thanks for all the RTs: , , , Thanks for the SO: ,
did you catch that double for a good piece ? Paid ok !
CoMe Show YouR HaiR Love!!!
I need to finish this poem for her.
Are you ever going to a Dodgers game? We miss you already! “: Good day for LA sports fans. The & both won.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you.!
I Feel Ya Broke Bitches Make Me Sick! (Throw Up!) Lol!
Battier just don't need to take anymore three's..he done missed em all LOL!
Would you partciipate in an online workshop to get the most out of your next Disney Vacation?
& were really AWESOME! Great performance, you deserve a great future! Happy of have heard you :)
rain does seem to bring out the worst in DC area drivers....!
Fueling up then off to brave the crowds for holiday shopping
Sound tweet 3 - discovered Purisima Creek south of Half moon bay - nice melodious creek. Boys voices discovering creek creatures.
Who online #teamxbox add me #gamertag #Will J 545
follow me pleaaaaaaaaaassssee
#homelessyouth Eric Rice, USC data supports use of cell phones and internet: vital tools 4 re-unification, housing, jobs
I love because, I LOVE MACS
You guys are cracking me up tonight. :--)
ah, record keeping :-)
Lol why everybody actin' like they never been to Walmart before ? Traffic just went up x20 in Kapolei -___-
They usually wait to strike right before the pinnacle of your day's contentment. (Check out that educated sentence! :D)
Thank you for the mention! Have a fantabulous weekend :-))
we love future engineers. Help us dream bigger
In Lit Trips and Google Maps session
wassup my G
Sex hasn’t always been associated with sin and guilt. Pre-Christian religions often regarded sex as a celebration and as a form of worship.
I'm so glad I invented coconut toast.
LOL! Cotto's gonna pull an HBK, "If I had to do it over again, I would."
Anyone else liking the idea of an 18 game NFL schedule
Noeleen: Ladies...don't wear big flowers on TV.
but the thing is: my friend just died. i found out today, a few hours ago. maybe i could have helped him, maybe not.
Washington Wizards are giant-killers these days. Last week they beat the #Bulls, today the Heat.
Gotta ride the bus cuz my mama think ima lose her keys
You would think 2x would be a common size shirt, but no!!! @
Do i regret the breakups the fights or thedrama?No do i regret luvn u bein with u&thinkin of u24/7?Of course not i just wish we had mre time
Yeah we figured. Thanks for sending in a request! Keep them comming!
Thanks for letting us know, we'll pass the issue along.
nothing's nearly as stable as the open environment that your fine Android runs on. By the way, how do you like that app you have on it?
Waiting for snow to stop to get tractor out - looks like 5 inchs.
I am waiting to see him implode with frustration and ego-driven mania...send him light, this will speed up the process
I was in a great mood this morning until someone said something jerky to me...now I'm in a crummy one. Trying hard to get out of it!
Another great night @ the 1 and only
Just for the record, I hate touch screen keyboards.
RT - I am going out on a limb, Green Bay Packers and New England Patriots will go 16 and 0
lmfao. Good luck. Go hard! Be like "bitch, my husbands waiting for me, move your ugly ass aside" ;) You'll get through.
if you could tailgate for Bucks games, people would go. If you took tailgating away from baseball the Brewers disappear too.
yeah monn what DID you say? Hahaha
we may be small but we know what we are doing.
Welcome to the congregation Tony Carrillo! We're happy to have you aboard!
The Bra.San Diego's Hangover(SDCTA event)bra is held aloft by council member in bed. funny bit. Bra backstory now revealed-digging deep
Thank you so much!!
Arturia Arp or Moog Modular directly from an interface into a crusty old solid state
If I remember correctly...
Finally!! A break from the rain! Take cover with us and check out our new stock... new Alexander McQueen coffee table book is in!
Thanks for following! Good luck with your studies!
RT : If I were Cundiff, I'd stay off Barksdale corners tonight.
Have you ever thought what will Taylor Swift will write about when she gets married?
or movie maker minions
Do you get annoyed when self-proclaimed Social Media experts don't really "use" social media the "right" way? Just sell their services?
Today I got a mixture of a little blue and a little purple on the brain. #StayTough!
Mazel tov! I'm sort of a real adult...wonder how long I can be a hipster hah
Sometimes a push is a win
That feeling we all get when we hear talk about his new music.. #proud #excited but most of all scared he might forget us😞
#underthemistletoe has my daughter blasting Christmas Songs... Love her being in the Christmas spirit!
Just found out drake is Jewish? #what?!
Change roles: change leader, change junkie, eager beaver, scribe, teacher/trainer.
Man the Sixers suck..they can't make a clutch shot for nothing
Jammin that "legendary flow" while sketchin these urban dreams, and blowin on that stank.
Aww my poor babay is sick.. Get better :) LOVE YOU
Busy weekend full of great performances! Hope everyone had a great weekend. 4 remaining shows of Arlen and Berlin at this week!
Great question - I don't know but will research!
Biggest surprise of the confrontation #Pacers players got in at an Orlando bar: a TMZ camera was following Kyrylo Fesenko
Forgot how to turn off my iPod Touch, so had to Google it. Search result snippets had the answer. Internet - 1, My Brain - 0.
I love my boyfriend with all my heart, he is the best thing that ever happened to me <3<3<3<3<3
landlord is trying to catch us ridin' dirty. too much noise at the brain? welcome to da dogg pound
“Vision is not enough,it must be combined with venture. It is not enough to stare up the steps,we must step up the stairs." - Václav Havel
If u have to ask....
Check out The Star's soccer blog! “: There's enough on the blog to quench just about everyone's Sporting KC thirst right now."
Don't forget to put the hashtag #LRAH after your responses, so people can follow the stream of conversation!
Famiky Guy is the best!!
it's really only troublesome longer term, six days is not enough time for weight gain, mood/irritability problems to surface, etc
is empty.
The honor is mine, my friend. Play on!
looks like Swisher means business...he has the socks pulled up today
Sound Transit sucks really bad right now. They changed their closure schedule because of seafair but didn't post the right time online.
my mommy makes delicious Mexican food. Come ova sometime lol jkay
and i need to talk to ppl on facebook soo ya but im still on here
Good Morning! Tomorrow is #clingyadventure wednesday...excited??
Of popsicles!Chris:no thanks I gotta get going Herbert:arw don't make me beg now ;)Chris:haha your funny, Bye! Hebert:get ur fatassbackhere!
WHERE WERE YOU TODAY POO.
not bad on an iPhone!
RT Anxious to see how the Celtics respond in Philly today. (via )
This is crazy, what do you guys think about the verdict in the Casey Anthony case? Not guilty, do think the jury voted correctly?
Sleepy From Yesterday's Party !
Yep. 91k. He got bit by a dog when he was 10. Left a couple deep, (attractive) facial scars.. now hes getting a settlement!
over 300 followers?! omg yay! -emily
Puttin the truth about mercer on blast! Fuck flight Club. Never bought shit there, never will!
On set all day of THE SILVER LININGS PLAYBOOK... Bradley Cooper is a super star and deservedly so... Fun day!
#MontrealImpact doesn't even exist on FIFA12. How will I get my revenge?
-thanks love..
Producing my own psychological thriller feature in 3D :)
I would hate them either way lol. But still I hate Kobe but I give the dude props.
Thank yoU!
It's 4:27pm, do you know where your weekend is?
From : "Why are men trying to take away women's rights?" / Good question! (part 1/2)
Sure am. Getting ready to move into a new bigger warehouse. So excited!
the idea of elementary school kids w ipads is just so damn sad.
#Rushers so im taking graphics design in college in the fall yay but right now im taking a class so much fun im so happy
Makes taking home leftovers from a restaurant easy.
On my way to a gig
Trying Ravish on Eastlake next Tuesday! I can't wait!
I think Teddy tight ass might surprise us this off season. We have to do something on defense & not through the draft
Practicing today with a very special guest. But first, lots of coffee.
Worst thing Sabres could do was win tonight, unload salaries and start new in september. Hopefully this doesn't save Darcy.
UW v Virginia, Bo v Bennett, I think will like that game!
Not too short for work. Adorable! Have you been submitting these to ? They'd appreciate it.
Jered Weaver tosses the 2nd no-hitter of the 2012 season. Too bad the Halos still suck
at home I'm guessing cuz I have the car at work
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. -Albert Einstein
Trey Songz - "Holla If You Need Me"
It sucks when the only person who makes you feel better is also the reason why you always cry...
your so sexy how could I not
Just finished WINE IN THE WILDERNESS. Wasn't sure in the middle, but love what happens at the end.
Moving to houston texas!
No surprise to me, when my mom "dislikes" all my friends and loves all my older sisters . #Fucked up shit ^.^
#edumooc2 Love it! Karen Swan missed online features when teaching f2f, made blended course
you too!
Why is no one talking about the Lou Gramm trial? Not saying he did wrong, but kinda a big story.
My night would have been better off studying the US constitution and gauging my eyes out with a red pen.
I haven't been on twitter in a long time.tweet me what did i miss. ICONiac Forever. <$
you guys, first relation ships were FaceBookOfficial for you their TwitterOfficial
Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain.
Just heard the coolest story about promoter Bill Veeck from an 80-year-old customer at the store. LOVE IT when customers tell me stories!
yea i like what i see tonight. Even though its only one game. I hope they can play like this everynight.
Yes. Let's get together soon. When are you going to be in the area again? DM me and let me know.
Reading a fun book & drinking a beer with the on in the background. *sigh* :)
Like us on FB and see our latest Broadway by the Year pics!
One of my favorites: Super Sad True Love Story by Gary Shteyngart, about a future your students are living.
We hope everyone has been staying warm this winter! Love you guys!!
When your sincere in your Prayers it does come true. Okai Haiti
Just got done getting some canvases prepared for boys and girls clubs art workshops next week
Im done with single life.
ready to start banging on Django again. couple of things to study.
Ruby supports different templatting systems, OOTB here we're using "ERB." I think.
Excited for tonight's panel discussion and to hear great local talent.
he has been snowboarding
Sadly, lost in the good Fringe news is the reality that this is the end of the line for Alcatraz.
Uh, not really? He could have supported a week ago, possibly helping the NC amendment fail?
Coffee and a cigarette .. ahh . Goodmorning !!
“: pissed next to Patrick Kane today........#mifflin #legoblues”<<-- Life's downhill from here.
Appreciate What You HAVE Before It Becomes What You HAD.
how did Etem do?
I do too! And NOW the fight truly begins!
Slam Chase
im confused
YEEEEESSSSSSSS I LOVE IT!
To the extent that we are all educated and informed, we will be more equipped to deal with the gut issues that tend to divide us
Belts. They are the best investment!!
Please say this to my face. I won't take it as hard as hearing it as a rumor.
Why should I waste my tears on you.
I feel like a looser not going to prom.....
Call the manufacturer, this comic-book publisher is stuck in an endless cycle of reboots. Probably needs a new motherboard.
RT : nice work on the #Rockies blog...I'm glad you didn't go negative even though it would have been VERY easy ...
Dissertation proposal today woo woo! let's do this.
what's the starting five for game 6?!
Happy Halloween
mooning song?! what kind of grease are you watching?!
chi u know its no comp. Cnt no other twerk team n Memphis c us. They call us #twerkteammemphis wen we cum out
offering a great webinar series in April so save the date!
Fundraisers, celebrities and Guinness World Record attempts are three of my favorite ways to get #media attention.
Skyline Tech preso - top list growth tactics: registration on site and forward to a friend. Mobile capture is growing fast.
Saw on
Delay of game.
6 THINGS WE SAY IN SCHOOL: 1. I'm tired. 2. I'm cold. 3. I don't get it. 4. I'm hungry. 5. What time is it? 6. I want to go home.
happy anniversary to the building! :)
We look forward to seeing you too!
cupcakes are good :)
Merry Christmas from all of us at S4TC! May you have a wonderful day with your friends & families & don't forget the real reason behind it
not even joking I have the nicest flow right now
“: missin florida right about now” COME VISIT ME PLEASE. 😊
Thanks queen. He's acting bad right now; won't stop humping the floor floor lol..
#Rangers fans should be thankful this is now a #baseballtown, the stands in Toronto are a sad sight to see.
That ain't good. // RT Heat have now lost 8 of their last 9 road games against teams with .500 or better records.
I must not respond well to pressure. It is easier to write the month after
I do lots of things, I build websites, run a non-profit, & I'm a photographer- &more. I'm only self-promoting if that helps. :-D
Heading home from NACAC Conference in NOLA, must say that it was one of the best in the 19 years I've been attending.
thanks for the follow
Thinking of going on the ghost tour in old town tonight. Sounds like fun.
I feel bad for my dog
What! I be followin' you girl!
Thanks. We'll pass it on to Perry. He's leaving the business, but he'll still be hanging out making sure his coffee continues
yes she does. My email is: . Just so u have it. I'll message u my number to. :)
We dont play when it comes to our mangos #NawMean RT : it's officially kill-a-nigga-who-steals-my-mangoes season lol
#its2012whyyoustill got a jerking crew?
Headed out to connect with
It is bad that with all these holiday sales all I want to do is purchase things for me?? (my xmas shopping for others is already done)
Anyone have info on what exclusives Capcom is bringing to #wondercon?
Updating my Apple TV to the latest iOS
#honestyhour I'm excited to finish my songs :)
Great pictures. Thanks for posting them.
damn ur hot
blasting xo by in the whip. such a solid traq.
happy birthday!!! U should do things different this year and buy me something!!!
Q: What's the longest sentence known to man? A: I Do.
got quick/dirty lesson on virtual server setup. lunch now.
Peanut Butter and Jelly Bars have been made :D I will be trying some dinner recipes next.
You probably all know one person who needs to know about STOP THE BAN who doesn't yet. Tell that person and then tweet about it!
About To Get Ready For Work Later TWEEPS>>>>>>>
hell yea smh loaded then a hoe....no where to go ugh ugh siiiiiccck lmmfao
After practicing tenths and fingered octaves, my left ring finger, like my left pinky, is now freakishly longer than my right
That's ridiculous. Get over it.
Anyone else using the Google Voice Search app on their iPhone? Pretty cool!
": North Carolina... I'm sorry, but you're up for elimination." Oh. So. True.
RT : great analogy. A story needs proper care, feeding, training; and when it gets to the post success=talent+luck
You need to tweet your Star Wars pics, you big dorks!
Post Edited: Good Writing Tip #6: Conventions
just watch it assuming James Cosmo's playing his same character from SOA
Too bad I missed the last one. I'll for sure participate in another #fitness convo.
when you tear your straw wrapper & no one's thinking of you <
Perfect weekend for an outdoor shoot with the fam
Happy thirsty thursday errbody! never stop makin that cake $ $ $
We're excited to welcome our new Monkey, Becky Nickerson to the Treehouses! She will be teaching 9am Mon/Wed in Midtown Yoga Flow!
Im not fucking with someone who only cares about fame and materialism. Money isnt real, its a painful illusion so is your ego
Flying home tonight!!! NYC !!! Fucka ya
I think more like "This fine upstanding young woman was merely posing a rhetorical question in a hypothetical situation."
you need to follow me.....
except if you have to live in Detroit....
I can't wait for Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0!
YES. i'll get the bud ~
Yes. Hard to read and imagine the brutality. It's senseless. I'll be watching ESPN tomorrow morning.
Hussle Nun Stop We Want All Da Money...
is a class act. No lie.
I'm SO happy May is finally here!! Awesome things are coming up! Happy
All three!
VDAY SPECIAL: Every rider gets cookies and lmtd. edition VDAY card done by local artist Joey Nix
wow-.- RT So now a nigga posted a pic of his dick on purpose??? Wtf”
When she lets me brush her teeth.
Congrats to for releasing her debut project! Much success and the hopes for more to come!!
I could fit so much sushi in there!
I'm heading to bed I'm pooped , fell asleep watching tv
lol why is that?
“: Don't make a permanent decision based on a temporary emotion.”
Brotherhood and Revelations get a bit redundant but the series is totally worth investing yourself in.
Establish the credibility of VOC Data over time to be heard by executives
So excited for TITANTIC in 3D!! Every time I see the trailer I tear up a bit. :P
Fringe Season 4: 5 Questions About "A Short Story About Love" Fox's Fringe returned last night after a month off, but SPINOFF wastes no t
I'll be working at the Verizon Center...so I've been told Virginia side would be better? Thoughts?
That "Chick-Fil-A" breakfast I had this morning was awesome! 👍👍👌👌
Fun dreaming today w/ Providence Network about a housing program for young adults rebuilding lives from homelessness
Georgetown University Technology Awareness Initiative 2011: Cleaning Up the WiFi Wasteland
If I were on a dating website my profile would read: Introverted asshole with a hatred for dating, and all things romantic, hit me up!
is wondering why Quilted Northern women need to come clean in their quest for toilet paper to act like a bidet.
At dentist and not happy! In pain!
Check out band G6 tonight and the Raydio Band tomorrow night at 7 pm!
Prego e Buon Natale. This is what Sharon & I do for Christmas each year. Enjoy:)
Hulk smash
We want to see your photos and hear about what you see this weekend! Tweet us with the hashtag #IngenuityFest!
atta boy, love the democrat.
That's my favorite episode! So perfect in every way.. I need to go watch it NOw!
Always have updated resume and professional references available because you never know.
Casa Vicente tablao, half an hour, a feast for the senses. Come on down!
This Mornings #Juice bernuk + stawbery ( : HAPPY SUNDAY GUYS!
NOW at Night Lights Up the Corcoran on Friday
Lovin' these photos. So much joy.
8:25 pm. WEAA-Baltimore -Doc Manning interviews Roseanna Vitro-for May 27th- An Die Musik Gig - The Music of Randy Newman
Thanks for sharing our deal!
GOODELLS #POWERTRIP HAS TO BE THWARTED SOME HOW..DAMN!
Happy 100th Birthday, New Mexico!!!
RT - Chris Berman Making That Woop Noise As The Jacksonville Jaguars Fall Into The Earth's Core
Thank you for reading it!(:
I feel that something has changed When I get close! I feel that something happened! I freaked out, I fall in love oh oh oh! <3 <3
Treat a girl How you would your mom!
I wonder what it's like to not hate your job.
hahaha your a dork and you dont even grab my hand first Lol.!(x
Beatriz Terrazas is a fellow Macondista. She and I were in a nonfiction workshop at the Macondo Workshop of 2008, but we didn't get a chance
RT turn-of-the-century manufacturing buildings become catalysts for development, economic growth.
Cant stop eating banana muffins cranberry i love em all
First Kid is not as important a film as Houseguest. He brought a family together.
At the John Waters show Walker. So much texture but cannot touch. The gallery guides r so good u want 2 touch even more.Tease.
The day follows me is the day I die of happiness !
Wish I could skate today
dig the FJ bro!
So behind on music and the organization of my iTunes
#OWIF: I threw the Italian Beef I bought with Richard's coupon at them and jumped into the back of a landscaping truck. Poor sandwich.
i dont think im pretty cause peopl have told im not so i dont feel beautiful anymore
sorry about that-- small typo on site, now fixed. The event is on SATURDAY, may 5. Thanks for the heads up!!!
Please welcome StashaHeart to the Max life
Yes we did!! RT : I bet the Members' Club just freaked out.
Security. More logistics than security...it's PM to AM though...
Ok... Are ribbons really that bad?
busted and disgusted!
Luke Walton just swished a three!
hey niall I'm sorry I'm probably annoying you but plz tweet happy birthday to my best friend It would(cont)
Just finished Lit - thanks for the rec, I thought it was good stuff. You can tell she is a poet, her prose is so lyrical.
For the record, the Cubs have been playing better ever since I began mocking u for yr optimism. Credit is mine.
how was your interview this morning?
Twitter Friend/Follow ratio is important criteria (along with noise ratio) for selecting who I follow.
AND I HAVE THIS STUPID RUDOLF PIMPLE AGAIN. AWESOME.
you can fall me or follow me :)
NAP TIME!!
please follow me back so I can respond :)
OOH... Well different points of view, Now let me look up this Josh...
Hey , my answer is 300
Unreal!! RT : Should be part of the foundation of the individual's game.
released the SBC Basketball Championship Fan Guide. Check it out if you're making the trip to Hot Springs:...
the test yesterday was awesome! Looking forward to the big show!
hanging out with my sister and her husband you?
Truth! Christ says a whole lot more about rich people as sinners than gays as sinners. Actually Christ says 0 about gays.
So important! MT : we hope high schoolers see benefit of being reliable, accountable to prevent
Even Michelle winced at that milk joke. In POTUS' defense, Malia swore it was her best material.
:{ you serious?!
Big announcement on the Today Show tomorrow from ! Thoughts?
that is why Paterno hasn't stepped down. Same thing happened to Bear Bryant, retired and died less than 6 months later.
“: thanks for the follow!” back at you!!
BINGO BANGO!!!! Give me another Ginger Ale!
Good point! :)
lol unfortunately not.
went to iHop with this morning!
So glad you enjoyed your meal! How was your evening?
That's when I thank God I married a computer nerd.
10th Dist Democratic Committeemen will select our new Commissioner tomorrow, Sat April 11 @ 10 am @ Truman College, 1145 W Wilson.
Not guilty! WTF?? This girl deserves life without parole.
I'm looking for commercial printers in #Indy that are on Twitter. Anyone?
Headed to the Y to get the day started with aerobics.
First little harvest from my garden - basil and parsley for some roasted garlic herb butter.
What's everyone doin tonight!!?? .
Are your surprised that Google has a Cloud Print?
Loving the mild weather on Nantucket! Waiting for the ferry back to Hyannis.
I miss my baby girrrrr!!!
San Diego delegation here in full force and ready to begin our last General Session at
Sitting in LHR waiting for my connecting flight back to Chicago. 13 days in France and right around 750 wines... not a bad two weeks...
Um…. LOTS of things make life easier for booksellers. Libraries don't care about ISBNs. Scratching head over this.
yes if we get bigger lol were kinda tight :) xoxo miss you!
Q: How do you keep a blonde busy? A: Put her in a round room and tell her to find the corner :D
#mla12 #s442 Houser on dataviz as an ethical project, but one that gives the impression of mastery with problematic consequences.
We almost got in an accident. I'm really happy this bus driver is better than the last one we had.
Yeah, those things are pretty small.
!!!!!!!RT !!! RT : I been SINGLE for awhile na. But i juss feel like GOD saving me for somebody special !
nevermind, just saw the pg/FRONT COURT part
Master Tanner, you just made your national TV debute on Fox.
dude, you gotta print some more purp scurp shirts for all of us skoners dude. Stay puffy blazed dude
Notes have been printed, the "treatise" is cracked open. Two caffeinated beverages are at the ready. Let this final begin.
Seen on a branch stump on my walk today - "Zork (iLived)"
I close my eyes and see hashtags and Zoolander...and I am pretty sure I just crapped my pants.
#FF the most beautiful
Yeah, I just feel the impression of him is greater than his work. Maybe I just don't like the genre he exists in.
Girls on Facebook..."Getting Starbucks with Kristina!"... 2 minutes later... 121 pictures and 5 videos uploaded!
Which side of the highway is Villa Montecito? Ocean?
I am excited about this journey I'm taking in the apparel industry. My business plan is well thought out and I believe this three year jour…
you are forgiven. Go and sin no more.
Watching Awake with Viggle Thu | 10PM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
hopefully i see you in cincinnati soon. it will sell out in seconds
I hope you heal well and quickly!
Where do you find a down-and-out octopus ? On squid row !
sweet. not the easiest lighting for photos, but great lighting to cover up our manly blemishes.
please if you see this message pleae please please follow me :p 143 :)
...you sync calendar, contacts, and mail directly to the ipad. Then you'd be able to view/edet contacts easily.
Whole weekend off and I don't have any plans.
RT:All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity & importance & should be undertaken w painstaking excellence–MLKing Jr
Mac Book Pro... The only way to go...
I hated that when we did that here last year. Blech.
that's _very_ cool.
#BAVC Kat Cizek advises filmmakers to extend documentaries beyond just showing and telling with tactile elements
Why don't charities and porn mix? It's like we make evil money or sumptin.
Am I the only one still standing up clapping #ScandalABC ended? That's good TV. BRA-f'in-VO!..BRA-f'in-VO!
you are incredibly awesome and your music has been a great influence in my life. Thank you!
#20ThingsAboutMe I can't wait till summer break
wine painting?!
otay do it out my house
Clumpy coffee -- it's a drink and a snack.
60 apps in 60 min session showed BNAtax app! Quote by presenter "awesome app" .
Come with me and you'll be in a world of pure imagination.... Wonka actor from Salem, OR - Leonard Stone - dies a day prior to turning 88.
The joys of losing a follower, yay
Things not to do on an interview. Insult your interviewer.
Thanks for the RT Fred. It so easy for any of us to forget that.
I love my sister & all. But there's those days where she can be a little bitch.
hahahaha do funny
“Remember what happened, but know that you cannot move forward while looking backwards
Huh. I would fail at that. I hated cataloging. I appreciate it, but don't like doing it.
Living on the future edge, read it and find out more about moore's law
#TEAMSTHATCANBEATTHELAKERS speedway's 7th grade bench
Cause god gave me u for the ups and downs. God gave me u for the days of dought.
These late night convos >>
we're all cunning linguists?
lol that's unfortunate, where you from?
Today is the 2nd Day of the "12 Days of Andaluz" All Jewelry is 20% Off, so stop in & say hello.
It could have ended worse, actually. It could have been the Penguins. Thanks for a good season,
Buying the car of your wife's dream for Christmas...has to be the best feeling in the whole wide world..."she cried her eyes out"
Maybe will go get me some taco bell... I'll buy.
Old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read -Francis Bacon, Sr.
That's what I'm here for.
Who needs religion when you can run?
Very very worrying!!
Why do you complain when your parents give you anything you want?
happy to! let us know where to send the codes ;)
Thank you very much!!
Love hearing from you!
Sushi Rocks = Best place EVARRR (: ahaa .
ha! this is why i love you.
oh, you live in portland then?
T1: I have to exercise, be active, and get adequate rest!
sit n the spa chair
#uwannaimpressme eat me til I'm dry
Wait til you see what the Denton's did to their home. It's part of the Tour of Remodeled Homes this weekend. at 6:30pm.
I wish I could fall asleep early for once
Stay on your grind
Don't be afraid to make mistakes. Be afraid of not learning from them.
About to watch The Lucky One with Beth! <AB
Travelzoo is offering $28 tix to Fela! It was excellent on Broadway - anyone interested?
oh wow so you won't get there till 3pm or so well that's cool if you see us say HI
EXCELLENT! We'll be there and just learned that our pal & musician extraordinarire will also speak!
I would never skip our lunch dates :)
I need a damn ass vacation already!
Today I'll interview an undergrad civic engagement student I worked with last semester: my first interview for this project. Hooray.
You added my as friend on youtube:) and writed me thanks 2 years ago! Can you please follow me?♥ Love you Christian! 9
I watch all sports except for golf
I suck at sleeping in
RT : O touring Midwest talking about jobs and economy. Finally. But rhetoric not enough. Needs bold jobs plan, and must commit to...
OK catch up with you L8R
All these years, I thought it was St Pancreas... in fact, that's why I remembered it!
Not that anyone was asking, but our favorite Christmas movie? "It's a Wonderful Slice." Take THAT, Mr. Potter!
Thos last 2 tweets were drafts ok gosh
Fuck.me. So sick right now.
RT : “If you want tax cuts for the middle-class and small business owners—pass this jobs bill.”
Your the reason I go to sleep crying every night
Good luck in your next venture, I enjoyed listening to you while you were in KC
Come Spirit of God and make within us your dwelling place and home. ~RT
Gonzalo Higuain might make some people pretty happy
lol, thanks. and i'm not rude! someone threw your post-it away in lunch detention , ahah.
that's what they say...but research proves women in leadership are still inherently considered inferior
That's the idea
What really?? :O but did you see him on tv? :)
I've found that having a credit card out and visible is an excellent way to gain their attention.
An ad after every post?! Are you serious?!
8 minute abs is horrible when you do 5 billion of the same exercise because you realize the computer froze .... Only me, I swear
Lmao ewww RT Omg my manager just mopped and the mop stank AF
Holy Shit 2012 is around the corner- I think I just sharted! lol
Can any1 tell me why is Mister Gaga trending?
Nah, that's what life jackets are for.
Who are these Chargers you speak of?
jbieberboy94 ISNT justin bieber just to let you no! the real justin bieber is justinbieber
dude, the more beer pints, the less brain cells : p
thanks for the mention! Hope you and yours enjoy the program.
Been a great weekend so far.. I don't want it to be over!!
I'm sorry hun 😞
than you <33
ugh that really sucks. I'm sorry.
How long are you going to be in SA?
Oh! Some campers just wandered by. Consider it cleaned.
YOU CRAZY BASTERD
#Fringe is brilliant BEYOND DESCRIPTION!!!!!!!!!!!!!
idk still looking
This year codes will be on kids' art and will lead to vids of them talking about the artist that inspired them.
LOL, I'd take care of your whole family. Getting you up out of there to take care of thousands... LOL
My last retweet >>>
and happy new years from all of us over at AEMMP RECORDS.
Baby decided today wasn't the day to make his grand entrance into the world.
RRWWWWHHHAAAA, I'm in beast mode @ the gym! HULK SMASH, HULK SMASH!
when you lose touch with reality, go to Mt. Everest and hibernate! She's WAY outta touch: not sure that mountain is highenuf
The Hoosier and the Minnesotan need to get together soon.
Yes! Dust 514 is a massive game changer.
Congratulations! Sending much love to you and your family!
Be sure to vote for your favorite things in Albuquerque! If you need a suggestion for best band- you can always put us. ;)
maybe get my band Analog a gig? (:
Have to leave for laundromat now if I am going to beat the rain!
I thought he was black this whole time lol
Anthony Weiner - We needed your voice - what the heck man?
I'm glad to be back on twitter :D ❤
I will. Are you guys still staying with family?
We kill the people who kill to teach the people that it's wrong to kill.
Absolutely! RT“: That is an upside! Good for her. #bcsm”
Homemade baby monitor: Thinking an iPhone mounted in the nursery FaceTiming my iPad should do the trick!
good luck this season. LWSS
I'm hungry!!
Have you seen "Capitalism: A Love Story"? Everybody should see that Documentory.
Reali, was that you planking on the desk??
Josh Hamilton is a MONSTER. 4 homers!!!!
Pittsburgh, pa true member of the #BBN for years. I BLEED blue
Don't wanna wake up early & take that AP test 👩 🔫
well be happy for once will ya ?💨
Doing well B!
I find you SO annoying !
As an instructor, one of my fav parts at the end of a term - getting thank you emails from students. Makes it all worth it.
National Weather Service just upgraded all of #NYC to a Winter Storm Warning... now expecting 6-10in of snow by 2am!
having a Rogue Dead Guy at the Mellow Mushroom with Meyers.
I'll just have to play this until my fingers bleed...maybe that will help me memorize it
lol yea. It was in the open field near the big house RT : a coyote!!!! where is it?? lol thats scary!
RT : Heading into the third overtime period, this is now the fourth-longest game in Capitals franchise history
i would wait a bagillion,zillion years for u to finally notice me,but can TONIGHT be it?yeah i don't think so):
now i am. follow back?
Good game last night, Colts! Back to work on this chilly Tuesday morning! Excavation then limestone and sand...then the #pavers!
I just decided my last book display of the year will be disaster-themed. Hopefully this is not an omen.
Highlight of the day: showing an elderly woman how to take out library #ebooks for her Kindle before she and her husband flew back to NY.
O he just played Olivia!
yep i loved that show lol so now i know u are as old as me lol
Who is here tonight?
Just saw #TheVoice finale. Go #TeamBlake and Jermaine Paul. So excited!!
Feeling better i felted bad i was sick but then i took medicine and took a nap now im a bit better xD
Shit. I'm checking my lunar calendar right now to find out about the next full moon.
Thanks for following back! You ok? X
Let's go
I thought I trademarked "Happy Eastover!" ... Oh well. A Happy Eastover to you :)
yeah...my dumbass
There is still time!Sandwich Emporium is collecting toys for the St Marks school until Monday.Drop off a new unwrapped gift.Thank you!
How would I have ever had a wedding before Google docs? Collaborative editing is the only way to go.
Missing you guys too. Cheers to your success 2011-2012 board!
Thanks again for coming this morning! Glad you enjoyed it! :)
fina teach this dude a lesson on this PS3 in the #platinumsuite lounge
what did you check in to get this?
You look pretty happy in your picture :DD Do you like cute musicians??
- In Psychology class
I sent it haha. Did you receive it?
Never plan....literally that shit always fail
I miss my baby :/ i wish i could jus spend the whole day with her !
RT Downloading gifboom!!....what's that
really? haha :p
Waiting since 9am for granite co. 2 cut 3 holes Last time they get my biz! Been on the way since 1pm for a 9am appt!
Anybody wanna play Hunger Games in Cal Anderson later?
RT : Help Urbanite reach 850 followers! Please RT. Thanks to all who have RT'd this recently.
Lmao never get enough of watching peoples cars turn into fish tanks and drivers covering
But thats Baltimore City Public Schools though its not completely their fault. I think one of the chicks had a gun shot wound.
got what? O_o
. explains how to set up DIY 3-point lighting.
It's been feeling so much like old times that I looked up & to see how they were doing.
Hope all is well with you ? =] Thank you for all your support=] you two are great!
yes the project is coming along nicely!
I had a fun but action-packed birthday weekend. —SPX on Saturday, Adam's Morgan on Sunday.— Exhausted but happy. And now... back to work. :)
I need you</3 but I guess things happen for the best:/
Damn he had Cancer, my Pop's has Cancer I hope he beats it's ass.
*raises hand*
Lazy days with
Amazing weather continues..come have a drink on our patio!
If I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world? ♥
April is Child Abuse Awareness and Sexual Assault Awareness Month. Please help us in creating awareness in our communities
Good to know! Is the "Kids Eat Free" promotion on M, T, & W available at all locations nationwide?
say please
Or someone brings it up...I'm just like 😒......WTF bro?
friend's are saying Shanghai. HK is kickass from what I hear!
god please don't take from us so soon :'(
Say it to my face. Not through your status.
"I just want to buy a fleet of horses and name them. if you give a horse s cookie"
YAY! Glad to hear he was reunited with his family! :-) So nice of you to work so hard to make sure that happened!
Kindergarten cop. On AMC. Now. "now we're going to play a wonderful game called: who is my daddy, and what does he do?"
Thanks. I doubt anyone thinks either team is a powerhouse but writing this it was painfully clear how weak both sides are
In the recording studio sunday..
Best #firstdate idea for thursday:
These recording sessions for the Mixtape are going GREAT. Just got done with the best song that ive ever did hope you guys like it
You gotta inhale the good shit and exhale the bullshit.
Just Kendall and I in the office today which means punk rock and hair metal is blasting out of our hallway
gonna de-form the humanities at
I use the most up-to-date, current technologies and match them with tried and true approaches to success.
"YOGA MAN" is now officially 100% done!
got my confirmation as well today. See you there!
I guess I'm going to Pulaskii County next week
56 minutes on my laptop, 22 percent on my phone ... saying that over a call that just failed. Here's to being disconnected!
Looks like the Heat will Waltz to the finals through a battered East
Where's your partner in crime? Yoohoo :::waiving furiously::::
;) RT Hey have yall tried eggfast on 12 n high it stay open 24hrs best breakfast n city f*** wafflehouse
Has been for a while. Good guy. Better burger!
Saw & at Runyon. They said u were in a "meeting". You're so Hollywood now. 24/7 son.
Back at home. Watching "Game of Thrones" than my "Borgias".
oh we will be singing it!
great look into startup win culture. likes to gong + Yamm milestones
Just ate my lunch like an effing savage.
If you didn't make it out last night, stop in for gallery DAY today! Pretty art for your pretty eyes!
“: Happy mothers Day great moms out there!!!!!!” But Dev, problem is all the great moms dont know they are great!
Newt...anything you'd like to say today? Just wondering.
is for realz?
Cool! Congrats! I'm glad u won ur copy! :)
lol not yet bro in time u will gotta make sure I'm able to take care of her before I marry her.
Is it too much to ask for craft beer in Philly Airpt.'s international terminal? There are TWO wine bars.
Sometimes all I can do is laugh to keep myself from Crying!
FA Cup final. Come on you redmen!!!!!
well done, my friend. Well done.
RT "I worry that the person who thought up Muzak may be thinking up something else." Lily Tomlin
Thkful for another beautiful day! Say a prayer today for my good friend Shaun Kern!
can't sleep. got ideas racing in my head.
Just found a big logic goof. At 6:13 in the morning. We were almost done :(
24 of them, so far. But I wish I'd skipped Titus.
celebrating a Mother's love in all of us!
998 members in the AAUW Facebook group - will we reach 1000 today? Tension is high!
y does 2012 already suck so bad...:(
Randall Jackson is an ass wipe. What was all the dramatics for? Ugh!
thanks so much for the card! I hope you're having a good time at the shows this week! :)
How bout Halestorm?
Skip thanks for the headsup on the CERES Project
Is Cain going to tell women who were victims of sexual harassment that it's their fault too?
Who's gonna call on Sunday morning, who's gonna drive you home?
watching American Idol!
WHY U SALING UR FOOD STAMP KNOWING UR KIDS HUNGRY
Tools of the Trade!
lol damn u got me thinking with that one lol
Jenna Marbles is fucking hilarious
aww thanks baby ♥♥♥♥ LOVE YOU
Blake griffin vs Tim duncan
I haven't read that yet! I never faced his wrath, but I did have some harsh critiques. In retrospect, he was probably right.
Nice work and ! You guys are the &%$*!
Let's go Pens! up 2-1 in the series, making Pittsburgh proud!
And we'll be showing the Packers game at 5pm in our bar area! Come join us on Sunday!
oh that's a lot. What's the book about?
Lets record ur winter break and send it to E! we are up ther w/ da kardashians. plus i don't know if you knew but i am SO funny
time to get motivated for work. 3 cups of coffee and counting....
Women have very little idea of how much men hate them. ~ Germaine Greer
yeah, freeze any old veggie scraps - they all boil down to a good veg stock.
Surround yourself with people that are only gonna lift you higher, because friends are the family you chose yourself.
Your account is sending spam DMs. You might want to change your password & check your apps.
Mmmmmmuah! Much Love!
yay, thanks for joining my Cyn needs a place to sleep and store her clothes search team
HELL NO MAYBE LEBRON AND BOSH
about the same----started yesterday----got a jump on it!!
Yay! You're here... No one has all that interesting of a life. Tweet often. You're awesome.
Good one! #AskAgentAnything RT Feedback refers to contracting market & agents not taking on new clients. How to overcome this?
I'm scared to click that link.
just finished Raybourn's THE DARK ENQUIRY - great follow up to her last and nice addition tot he series
'Abdu'l-Bahá has returned to the Plaza Hotel for the night.
Getting canned isn't always bad. Celebrate #cannedcraftbeerday at Mellow w/one of our 16 crafts in cans.
why are you going to bed so early !? it's only 9:16!
everyone please follow my bestfriend she follows back and is really cool and funny thanks she'll be happy for once finally
Why can't it be 4???? I'm so fucking tired! I need a nap
Im pretty stoked to see you :D. going to be the chillest friday in awhile :D
Nice to virtually meet you. You are welcome to come by anytime and chat.
We're all gonna die someday. Best cancer fighting advice might be to go out and smoke some marijuana.
Good evening!
#ireallywant to find my soulmate. Someone who understands me and be patient with me.
Really, the boozed-up crowd at the event is pretty funny, for now.
Social Media Queen RT : Wearing my new shirt from to the Open House!
A little #ff shout out to for breaking down and getting Twitter. Give me my dollar.
Wide Awake. -__-
If u don't like Charlie sheen then u don't deserve the tigerblood!!!
New four year strong!
Thank you for follow! Thanks!
I am a nerd but I just saw some uber nerds playing a D&D card game @ IHOP @ 1:15am. Can we all say a collective WOW!!
it's way too weird to think there are so many moronic non thinking folks in this country.
Survived the four-year mark of being a widow. Basically, it sucked. I still hate this.
Just inside the main entrance of the Hyatt Regency. It is an elevated area--tables and chairs.
I did know i google my shit before posting something :D
Wow my new high score on Temple Run is 1,095,684. Probably can't do that again.
On my way to the horse track.
I feel like one most days! lol ;P
omg i remember that!! i had the biggest crush on tony oller good lawd lol
One of my GPG photos is going to be in the Film Noir show :) Awesome!
I can't believe that the Italian Fest has been called off!!! We all need to work together to get this going again. Who is with me?
haha ya just tell them whats up and go from there and take what u can get. its easier to move within then start fresh
Random f-train passenger scent of the day: play-doh.
Its decided. Going to see Trampled By Turtles on Friday! Been trying to catch them awhile!
Police: NFL Legend and fmr Miami Dolphin Junior Seau found dead at California home
Have you seen the new addition to the Janie and Jack baby boy line??? So many cute things.
Our Homework Help has been cancelled for the day. Apologies for the inconvenience!
Yes! That's better.
Who wants free tickets??? We'll give away a pair on Sunday at midnight. Just write "I want free tickets to " on your wall.
can't wait til da weekend
nicholas in the tie and sweater and jeans omfg its al great & all but take them off lord jesus
“: watching a marathon of ambiguously lame murder mysteries certainly makes me question myself...” but it's awesome!
if the GOP is smart, they'll leave Newt standing at the dock in Tampa.
ha! it is a whole different ball game...hope your taxi services worked out!
smaller gov the more chance of it being competent if it focuses on socially optimum policies instead of responding to all desires
Gotta curb these TO's. Seriously.
Me too, it really is depressing.
wow. Loser.
lovely show at the this evening. Thank you.
deleting my twitter as we speak....
#3WordsForYou I hate you
Thanks Melissa!
I know grown men who are afraid of that bridge lol!
lick your lips ;)
I am meeting someone Saturday around 10 AM, but could be available afterward.
I am the only person here who doesn't know what it means. I need the gift of tongues.
Happy Valentine's Day from the ActoRectory!!!! Rate. Review. Connect. #Happy V-Day
so happy don't ask don't tell got repealed today =)
In the tattoo shop..
Hope today you all have a great dayy!!(:
2012 Madonna's And Gaga's Year? people still spelling bieber wrong.. wowowowow.
I can see it in your eyes you're angry.
who's url is la disputa
Really enjoying the input in today's #ynpnchat since I'm applying for my MA in Nonprofit Leadership & Management this month!
I'm guessing my ex got a tattoo of Cassius so he could see his face everyday without actually parenting at all.
Ah! Elton John! and Flava Flav! in the same commercial!!!!!!
Thanks! We're pretty excited for it - Look forward to seeing you there.
Happy Birthday to the love of my life, !
probably how I found the boys ;) your name will be mentioned ! & why I love them ... Etc
Clearing out the warehouse in a hurry!!
that was right by my house
we have cornered the suspect and we confirm that it does have extra pickles
Can't have big ups without big downs
I want to make you feel beautiful.
where is ? I have no motivation to write this lab report. :)
#derbyday watching the horse races all day! go #hansen <3 !
The Countdown to a new, improved and expanded studio is winding down! "Like" this post if you are just as excited as we are!
A smile takes a moment but the memory of it lasts forever. :)
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show! :{) So proud of you ♥ u are amazing! wish i could meet u someday.
Good seeing you at #sfopen. Psyched for you to be speaking at TED tomorrow. Cool!
lol I don't blame ya
...to bridge the gap of my two passions. I hope you all continue to support my musical endeavors, thank you.
So many good Catholics fighting for social justice in the world. Sadly, the church's outdated stances on women and gay rights ring louder.
I Am! Why else would I be taking care of the man? Lol
But, we got many useful information about how to advertise TFT on campus. So, it is a great start! (0v0)/
wait is it seriously Mona?????
Jealous! Enjoy... “: But now business done and time for week of Napa food,wine,cycling,walking and did I mention wine?
Already taken :-)
Ready for summer lots of work golf and drinking to be done
Thanks for that! I have 97 hours left & lots of anxiety about finding the right job.
and I wish you could too, I wish you could've came:(
Self-restraint is putting excess peanut butter back in the jar instead of straight in yo' mouf.
in the past hour tho! and I just finished the last episode of season 2 of breaking bad last night this dude stay in some shit lol
Soo it's foreal he has a girlfriend right?orr
True fans love for BRoy. Awesome moment.
played the song 'BIG BOY NOW' by RICHARD W. HONOSKI A/K/A MR. RICHARD on #
: You just made my day by talking sense (as usual), and by coining 'fluffy hippy woo woo'!
Making changes to twitter with CD being released. If not a follower, you're missing the cut and part of the change to twitter.
Forgot 2 share possibly most important thing learned at #c21nonhuman so far. Apparently Montreal is the ONLY place 2 get bagels!
It's the last day of finals today! The library looks and smells lived in. I always forget how horrible finals are.
Yes, John Lauber at Cranbrook. All the other boys involved remember the incident but ol' Mitt. Imagine that.
It just is...I wish I could close it back up. I've tried so hard to. I shouldn't never re-open it to love...never again
So will I. Believe me. But thank you! (:
I shot photos for and now they're famous. Check out their music and dance your ass off! They're good dudes!
happy belated egg day ;)
gross. Your poor eyes
I think I'm going to go to Tres de Mayo, too.
1 more minute AH
Brush up on your skills at this Art Gallery! Shauna shows off her creative side at the Oakland Museum of California, Sun (2/27/11) @ 6:30pm.
Did the #Hawks show up, or did they send in the local high school team?
Wow!! Seattle is so awesome...so much culture to see..we will not have enough time to see everything. Going to Pikes Market now,
You make me sad. :(
My birthmark is a heart-shaped splotch on my tummy. Cute, right?
Text "ENVY" to 46786 and you'll get a text with drink specials and exclusive cover offers on the weekends! Just bc we love you!
House Bill 216 passed the House on Thursday- raises dropout age to 18. Heads to Senate now. Good for all Kentuckians.
I love the new Mexican restaurant Mi Hacienda...1000000 times better than Rancho Grande that place ain't real Mexican
Large belts are envied by the wind.
“ Ragegiving.” huh huh.. heck yeah
There are pills for that.
Mike Daisey, Hunger Games, Mad Men.
#FF a few favorites for Friday
Thanks for the retweet :)
Race to see the fireworks. We got there, their over. Yeah....
Working could I ask for a follow?
"love" seems like a bit of an exaggeration
That awkward moment when foxnews emails for press passes and the person to cover the show is a kid u randomly met 1 night when u were 18 FML
Duffner needs to through a monster Dip in and suck it up!!
The ultimatum given by pichi
Welcome to our new followers!
Senator dilan says latfor has "failed miserably" in regard to drawing new lines
Really wanted to see blink in sept. For my first concert and see and the boys do their thing but I can't afford it
Great specials tonight! Just received some Alaskan Wild White King Salmon, Kurodai (Black Snapper), Amberjack, and Hiramasa. Going fast...
not worth it. I know her, she is Nick Van Excel's sister
Hi Daniel, you're awesome. and I'm looking forward to meeting you, whenever that is #HHFamily :-)
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld The Notebook 
you were at George's too?! That's so weird. I was in the corner.
alright cool
Go Boston!
According to the State Department, immigrant visa numbers for EB-2 India/China will retrogress again in May or June 2012.
Damn this easter is pretty boaring ..
My grandpa specifically requested me as a pallbearer. :)
Just one more week!
are you at school?
Sports drinks are high in sugar which is what allows them to refuel you fast during exercise, but may be more than you need if you aren't
we need less gathering and more hunting from TJ
Come check me at 1 touch barbershoo
Happy Halloween to all! Remember to also set your clocks back an hour tonight! And I still need to post screens of the Tank Dempsey Sim >_>
What I just read...
Wow, I feel so flattered. AND both followed me on Pinterest. Pressure's on to deliver!
Union station, for all those who missed us on Monday, don't let the cold stand between you and a delicious taco, or better yet some soup
U.S. Geothermal Provides Corporate Update
DAMN this is crazy!!!! I'm watching it now!
Do people tend to buy on tablets the same way as computers?
. rightly points out that Square & Über are just different middlemen. So…middle men who are easier/cheaper to deal with.
why did u guys change the dlc playlist on TDM,KC,Dom all in one u are forcing us 2 play modes we all don't play...
Over/under 70% of people in fort myers have tats
umm I might need to block you for the feed clutter. ;-)
Eye love ewe!
So should I shave my sides today?! Yes or no, I need opinions.
no problem (: I'm #TeamFollowBack so yeah (: plus you seem normal unlike some creeps on here :P lol
can't wait to see Letters to Juliet, pretty sure i've been bugging for months now
New day new blessing. Don’t let yesterdays failures ruin beauty today, each day has its own promise of love and joy. GOOD MORNING
it's clear where we are like not even a drop!
": ..lmao...no fainting..its bad for the baby..lol <<< it's so true....not fair!! *screams* WHAT ABOUT ME?!! LOL
that's because you suck
- fun fact: i cannot be faded.
you should check the worldwide trends (;
Thanks! We'll definitely check it out.
Don't you all L O V E that feeling on Christmas Eve!? Where you can't sleep and you can't wait for your friends + family 2 open ur presents!
Night o:)
Fresh cut and a new rental...
“: If you can't treat me like a princess, then I don't want to be your fucking princess.”
Trapeze Philly: Polka Dots & Pearls. If all you can find is a Polka Dot outfit Im sure someone will be willing to give u a pearl necklace ;)
Can you even get drunk anymore? Its like drinking a vitamin to you.
Chester CT Landscaping Firm – Employ The Top Landscaping Firm ...
does everybody love sunshine
Finishing up presentation about object-based projects to teach information literacy.
Hey, that's great. We'll make good use of it. Thanks!
Looks like a two horse race between us and them Gophers.
I'm pretty sure that heaven will be this temperature.
Passion is to kiss or to hug and to prove that action speaks louder than words."
#psu today, let's go are you ready
If I get 5+ piercings in my face, brag about smoking weed and pretend I don't give a fuck about anything will I be considered hip and cool?
The most important thing I learned this year was how to be responsible with my money. School is better with books and food.
“: It's possible for a vagina to literally fall out. This is called "pelvic prolapse."” excuse me miss u dropped ur vagina hahaha!
you got a stress fracture?!
Creepy show won!!!
A5. Facebook, for both. RT What are the best sports apps and which ones are underutilized?
your 14 followers are proud of you. On Mothers Day no less.
Life is good...after coffee. And when it's Friday.
It was through ActBlue though.
"I'm a chicken nugget roasting on an open fire!" "Taylor, you're out control."
#WhenIWasYoung i didnt have a care in the world
Some guy's attitudes are like females, really?
#allgamejobs Looking for Network #programmers for A gigs in Texas. 4 more.
We LOVE Ya we love ya we love ya and where you go we follow we follow we follow
I only use twitter when I'm bored lol. Which is often
Your words fall upon deaf ears.
Dex is kinda like a conflicted superhero
=D im proud of you for saying that
Welcome home!
thank you, makin moves!
Cold as ice - B.O.B
Im recording this week so excited.Im at an organic coffee shop on hollywood blvd. Im trying not to drink coffee before recording.
G'mornin yall from Dallas #Texas ! #kisses !
when when your blog be up ? (: or is it already up.... ?
Fabi needs a Tweetie!! Hey Momma!
#news More than 50 GPs involved in the groups that will control have warned the NHS may be "in peril" if government changes are derailed.
Hahaha....maybe in the next phase :)
Oh no holding
volunteers helping us set up our program and serve the #homeless this morning!
the class on browntickets was reading as sold out for some reason, might have pushed away some potential attendees
<<<We might be on the same page but your in a whole different book>>>
thank you :)
new twitter name
Yep... heard those too! Wow.
How do you even get a permit to build a city on rock and roll?
I hope it rains more so my track meet gets canceled
Mitchell would be awesome, if the point of hockey was to hit a goaltender's pads.
6am lifting with Coac Durk. Lets see who was all talk.
Just got accepted by two impressive organization. These links will def. expand Studville. Blessed!! >> Thats whats up! Congrats!
Thanks for the traffic! ID# klsljamz
Just mountain biked 112 miles. Solo. On a single speed. Pretty stoked, to say the least!
i feel you, the little ones was like that too, i dont think ill have problem wit dat part doe
Need wiper blades? Just saved $10 on a set of Trico NeoForm blades with Teflon at Advance Auto. Premium blades at a standard blade price.
I can tell when something wasn't important to someone.
Its soo cold out and I'm still waitin on this bus if it don't come at the time its supposed 2 ima be 1 mad cookie!
meeting with video producer/editor tomorrow finally!!
Sex relieves tension - love causes it ~
Oh my good goodness gracious me oh my!!!! #TheAvengers is frakkin' #AWESOME!!!!!!
our whole friendship! Hope you are well, my man.
Surely a department full of hackers can figure out wifi on the woods. :)
i hate when people stop texting me in the middle of a conversation
Why is NYC killing the parks over-populated geese to feed the homeless? Why did the homeless have to be singled out as the recipients?
I hope so! Otherwise all that paperwork to turn "14" on my 13th birthday was all for naught.
This is very moving.
I find it easier to write if I'm not trying to preach or teach, ya know? Pressure's off completely.
will u follow me plz and HAPPY HALLOWEEN
Can't wait to see everyone tonight!
Leverage other technologies into email, i.e. reviews, recommendations, social comments, etc.
Chris, I'm praying that God will work a miracle and heal you. We know He is the great physician and can do it.
let's play!
Burning Man at the Conference on World Affairs Fresh off her well-received (and lightning-speed) talk about Burning Man at The Economist
I know a great band! DM your email and I can send info!
stay out of my account your not funny or I'm just gonna delete my account
I decided I wasn't going to come down. I was going to fly. I was going to stay up in the air forever. Jesse Owens
i clean up
its sad that I can't even join ur twitcam :( its about 3 am here when you do twitcam :( ♥
Some poor soul made a 39 on our chem II test
Watching librarians fight over cake and frozen ices. And they say is a bad representation of the profession?
the phone e works both ways..... u know
not true. #Mimi's= gross.
Natalie Portman in Your Highness is too fine
Yo , sorry I was le dead yesterday. My primer is almost complete... should I back-date to yesterday or just this morning?
“: New Naish boards came in today! Come in and check them out! Skate night tonight!!!”
Enjoyed this post. Hope you're following me as well. Kind wishes.
is it a good look for anyone??? And no, the moms seem immune.
I have heard great things about warranty service. I love their instruments, hopefully their service even more.
thanks for the fucking concert in your home town 303 Denver.
myy bad but yeah
Hey! Right now I'm doing some freelance work and groping my way to another job. How about you?
blake sorry af
You say cray instead of crazy? I bet you came up with that all on your own. -- Condescending Wonka ()
Don't let it happen, make it happen
Life has just begun, don't throw it all away...
We gotta song out off r new record!! Tell us u love it, if yer fingers r crossed, keep em behind yer back. ;)
Just met at the Falls Church Farmers Market today, and seriously considering an Alaskan salmon share for Sept 2012.
Have a good show, lady!
Heaven is a hashpipe
I Drunk Better when I text!
There's only been like five episodes out, i've only missed one.. thanks to my dang DVR. :( but you must see them!
oh sorry haha I meant her .
google+ pages are a great tool for bloggers: circle sharing, seo, photos, videos, Hangouts, ripples, etc.
my page is dead. i need follows
Me three. RT Me to ": sephora gave me sugar lips for my birthday 💝"
What a great idea! RT I just made every hanger in my closet face out. What's still facing out March 1, 2013 gets donated.
#ProudOf1D the boys did an amazing performance <3
Thanks for the follow! Hope this means you support electing a mayor!
#iLikeWhenYou Show me that beautiful smile
You da man!
lol will do :)
New goal before graduation: incite a riot by eating sauerkraut & curry simultaneously in a crowded lecture hall.
I just dislike the 2011/2012 comparison. 2011 was a pretty rare turnaround. It's like rolling a 12 and expecting to do it again.
Guys GUESS WHAT....16 more days left of school....yayayayayayay.(:
RT Strange how all these pop stars on the radio sing about the weekend, as if they're at office jobs through the week.
Does B1G rip joepa name off tourney trophy? Who replaces? Fry? Alvarez? Osborne?
So beautiful outside after all this good rain. Need to churn through my work so I can get to the garden and plant potatoes.
Glad to hear that our staff has been treating you well. Best of luck during your recovery.
Omg! I was wondering what your tweet on Cinco meant. Congratulations :)
Cool! Just to let you know, I'm on vacation next week so I'll try and get the mockups done today.
On the ground in Austin. Want a burger.
hi, so im sending you an invitation to my 15th birthday party, you coming ? <3
Learning tips from the Grand Master of Memory, and there are pantyhose in the bushes at my parents' house...
Starting to think I shouldn't have taken that two hour nap today.
hangin' @ hachi with family and friends
im flattered
Im sorry for everything . Every single mistake ive made . Im sorry.
so true. Yet their silence speaks volumes. And not necessarily in the good ways. :)
"I arise... torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day." - E. B. White
I am so so so blessed tonight I had the wonderful opportunity of meeting the talented Alan and Marilyn Bergman!
thanks,glad you liked it.
Today is the first day of the summer term! A warm welcome to all new and returning students!
Im hands like a iPhone or a laptop or a iPad/so I make money like a ball player so my pockets look like thigh pads/-Gucci Mane
Awkwardly walking around the mall while luci talks to her boss about giving me a job...
Get down and freaky, ya'll. It's #Fridaythe13th!
yeah okay what ever u say Dr Phil
Put your recovery first, everything else in your life will be first class.
Agree. Crazy to think about how small our military PAO universe is. It's a great thing though.
yes? (i know nothing about the samurai pizza cats other than that it existed)
#mobilityshifts Palfrey on elements of Digital Public Library: code, metadata, content (shared not redigitized), services, community.
im not dumb u knoe -_- lol ok time to b honest I know wut school u go2 & the address of it & ur bday & ya real name ...
Getting ready to leave for Georgia tomorrow ! Me and the rest of bad horse are getting ready to play the Super Bowl
Waiting in this long líne to eat the love of my life... ice cream :) yum yum yum yum
When will #SuperBowlXLVI break Twitter? Guaranteed it's down at least once.
yea Tayari!!! Congrats!!
Congratulations on your face. It is flawless. :]
Confidence is what a man feels just before he learns all the facts. - Courtesy of a show the boyfriend's watching, "Making the Cut" : )
I'll eat them too! Wait, what?
miserable! When I tell you, you will legit piss your pants!
You're just spot on with everything tonight.
#vsa2011 benefits of video ethnography records to share with colleagues,build capacity for ongoing critical appraisal,potential to transform
that's funny! Haha(:
I need a drink!
How goes the wedding planning? What do I need to prepare? Do I need to buy a flight and make hotel reservations?
How's everyone doing today? I am working on a lot of new music videos, follow my personal twitter and let's talk!
I'm so mindfucked right now, que pingaaaa
IT LIVES! *dances*
do you have any family in the leawood area, older gentleman, same last name, has lake property on the ozarks? hit me back
Thanks man.
Other than lazy eyes of course.
Sometimes you gotta run away, to see who will chase after you.
Hope for the best Expect the worse
the pain of life is invisible & all scars are visible, all wounds will healed in due time & all wings will eventually get stronger in time.
that's all you gotta do
South park time!!!!
The moment someone tells you your not good enough, is the moment you know your better then them
We always scoin
about to change my twitcon
screamin my name
A hundred mfers couldn't tell me nothin I beez in the trap beez beez in the trap
Bogus Ad: "Mayor Barrett you said this election is about jobs" After Today's Job #s Scoots, Damn Straight...Damn Straight IT IS!
between linkedin and facebook, you'd think that tech was the only industry that mattered in the US right now
We are half way through October, that means we are almost to Halloween! Tell us what you are going to dress up as this year!
Its my birthday
Court in an hour-__-
#yobitv Quote two of the night... "I've dribbled some water on the desk"
Everyday I'm refreshing :)
Lol you get upset when people call you a whore but yet you go around hooking up with half the guys in our school..
good one!!
september 24th at the door in dallas were playing with chiodos, oh sleeper, attack attack n more we have to sell 80 tix!
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; courage to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference.
Belieber here: A dream and I want to do please. Please Please follow me my love.I'm super belieber! RT my love love you too
Trying to find motivation to go get my afternoon Americano and cheese bagel... just too lazy today.
Wow! That's pretty cool!
Hi my name is... And I like to spork. Cuddlers Anonymous Confession
Abby's filled my apartment with so much gas, it's floating.
12:25?Ugh...any chance you might have some info?
*Good, gentle, and affectionate* is a good description
Lol whatever. That dump was so huge you had to bring out the big guns & broke that thing! Hahaha!
I hate benedryl omg
Keep your gum in your mouth wade.
I wanna watch hsm
Un-FF: - first he goes all Favre on us; then he bashes Bo. Nothing personal, but this time... it's personal.
i use a combo of read later and pinboard
how's the fight going?
Having you still feels like a dream
Re: grad school: probably. I may need to see what courses you have in graphic/web design but my motion design course is +.
So much shit to do! Tons of changes on the way! Website Makeover and Sneak-peeks.
Just donated to your donor challenge campaign. Good luck!
My memory has been profoundly comedic lately.
Happy humpback whale day!!
approves our music because we don't use foul language in our lyrics
Is she ok? Eyes looked a bit runny. Anime-cat. LOL.
Thank you for "An Up close & Personal Look @ Lives of Firefighters".My cousin is Captain LACounty.Support our Firefighters
Acknowledge the source of all things.
Take your cues from Martin's parents. They have not(at least to my knowledge), asked for a re-examination of such laws or gun control.
Damn sexy
If im dating you i hate always having more money than you. It just wont work.
looks amazingly complicated...
Went to the frisco mall today and damn. I saw way to many familiar faces. Not the good 1s though haha :/!
Day 4 of losing both sets of car keys. Not angry yet, been biking all over Milwaukee.
anytime.. :-) have fun packing for the tour! You guys will do awesome!!
Facebook and I have been together since 2006, reliving the last 6 years of my life socially
Stop by on the way to work and get a cup of Wuyi Oolong and a Blueberry muffin
We stop taking submissions on October 23! Get your stuff in. Second Issue is basically full. Can't wait till the December release!
If you're from Miami, cheer for K-State. Head coach Frank Martin is a graduate of Miami High and Cuban-American
I just talked to the enterprise guy with chili in my teeth #hopehestillcalls hahahahaha
Im Bout To Clean All My Sneakers! Hate Wen they Dirty
PM: "chatter about faceless men is profoundly insulting" ... what about the faceless women? Or is it just the blokes chattering?
We Thank Everyone For the Support.. www.SNOCLOTHING.com
I hope u fellas r serious cuz this sounds like a good time
Ass so fat I need a lap dance
It's the Kindle daily deal!
that's cause we live in a different reality than they do.
I hate when I struggle getting my thoughts on paper. It drives me to such a dangerous level of anxiety. Gender, sexuality, L, G, B, & T! Ah!
umma rep Texas \m/
You shoulda asked me about Lampley's show. I watched baseball instead. He is one of the guys is talking about.
I just drank a bottle of red wine....on accident
Wat up bored ass hell
Have you been to SXSWedu? Is it as great as it looks? I am considering going this year.
880mg of naproxen sodium. I hope it kicks in sooner rather than later. Thought I'd never say this, but I actually miss running.
Sometimes I wish I could hurt you the way you hurt me. But I know, if I had the chance to, I wouldn't.
My overactive sweat glands take offense to that. However, yes, yes it did. :)
I WANNA RIDE I-I WANNA RIDE!!!!! HAHAHA LOL LOVING IT:)
Bad: my allergies are creeping up on me. Worse: forgot to take my meds.
I love M.O.E because its all about that dollars when people see us coming
and im working RT Rose bowl special $20 unlim taps and halftime buffet, see you soon
your point is?
Seriously, it doesn't rain in Texas for six months, but it rains four times in three weeks during the postseason. Wtf?
well i will not be watching the national title game.
grounded in va!
Tha hell do you think you are?
hit me wit it
' you're a God fearing gentleman who we feel privileged 2 get 2 make music with & u rock a strong red beard
These bitches who ain't have Facebook want twitter oh no y'all need to practice don't come on here talking dumb smh
Absolutely disagree. Uribe hit 24HRs this year. Not that bizarre. Now if Renteria had hit that...
Haha summer break hopefully!
And anyways I'm on medication because of her and my dad I have to also take a blood test and I'm intensivly depressed
If your girlfriend complains that you never take her anywhere EXPENSIVE.. Take that bitch to the GAS STATION..
We utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
Any officers in Camden, NJ who are looking for work, Philadelphia Zoo has open positions in the Department of Public Safety....
A beautiful reminder from : Y"ou can bless people through your very presence. Never underestimate the gifts and magic of you!"
its all good I was gonna watch it regardless, ya know?
The most important luck is 'who' luck, not 'what' luck. Get a high return on it by honoring ur relationships. Collins
Mels, for future ink in LA you should check out Velvet Grip on Santa Monica. Todd is a pro's pro. Pretty piece, btw;)
cool we'll be there July 15-22. Hope we can tee it up!
The true joy in life: Be a mighty one, be a force of nature, my life belongs to the whole community.
D-Now at BHBC this weekend. I pray that the impact to the middle and High school students will not Temporary but Everlasting.
We'll try to keep 'em coming! Thanks for purchasing! Enjoy using it :)
CRASH: Vancouver @ Lombard in North Portland
Question: JLo + Fiat, effective or disaster??
back at ya!!
seems like that video isn't liked by many people. But then again some people thinkbits funny. Hahahaha I found it funny though.
Thanks bro...I waish more men would drop the pride factor and get they're prostate checked..it saved my life
I kno rite I miss u, how everthing goin?
Hey, are you going to see Reggie Watts tonight?
Tired of peoples BULLSHIT!!!
how Come Mclane has a better seat :-)
Almost in memphis YAY
FRESH TIP FOR YOUR SOUL: Love as if you have never been hurt before! The journey is so much more fun that way! :) xo, Kerry
Good morning. Thx for the mention. Hope you have a great Thursday too :)
I SWEAR EVERYBODY TWEETIN BOUT #OLIVIA HYPOCRITICAL YAW CALLIN HER A #HATER BUT STEADY HATIN ON HER DONT WATCH DA SHIT! ION GOT NO
or just bring a carrot RT If you're stalked by a horse, STAND YOUR GROUND. RT : Word of the day: "stalking horse"
See that same hold go uncalled at least 15X per game.
whoa! Just noticed your pic with JJ Barea! When did that happen? I'm jelly! That's awesome!!!
Wow, keep showing us how intelligent you are. It's humorous
RT : Help female victims of human trafficking get back on their feet with the Nomi Network Global Project...
A #badgerdays first. The marketing staff caught and passed the buses on the way home.
I spent 30 minutes biking. 451 calories burned.
I just earned the Sharing is Caring badge on #Yelp!
It's Saturday People Have a great one
Yup! Send in a pic wheneverr(:
It really is only bad at our complex. I don't have too many complaints. Just sucks when it cuts out on a recruiter lol
Okay so basically i guess i have crazy eyes and my face is weird. k. Thanks for that confidence boost.
OK...two and a half weeks is plenty 'o time to eat Halloween candy. I'm digging into the 9 yr olds stash!
oh snap!
Today is a snuggle-up-and-read kind of day. My kitty agrees.
Happy New Year Bison! Thank you for making our founding year (2011) a great success! Howard Football 2012 Unstoppable!
BREAKING> Redskins RG3 Found Dead from Carbon Monoxide Poisoning
Bro asked me skip, all I said was "NO". I'm not going to fuck up these last 3 weeks of school.
there's an even cuter one of her and being sleeping twins but I wasn't allowed to post it :(
Brilliant. But Canada so customs issues... :/ RT : just order some new clothes & have them delivered to your destination.
New respect for
Defining Moment on Immigration - New York Times
I'm in New York :/ RT : Los Angeles
iWish I Was In Ny;) HappyHUMPDay SEXY!! LOVE ya!! <3XX
Who's everyone's favorite to win the #StanleyCupPlayoffs now? We have $4 #CaptainMorgan mixers for those of you looking to watch tonight!
Rain Rain go away so Mr.D's can paint outside today.Rain got you down ? Add some color to your life today.We can add a rainbow of colors.
well hm just say you took the Boob fat from it and stuck it in your ass lol
thx for the shoutout man! Have a gd weekend!
I more hour of torture!
"We watched it all night. We grew up in spite of it."
we'd get some special folks in applying that's for sure.
Happy Birthday to Grandma!! :D RT : with family for Grandma. Happy Birthday to her!
Hell yes! I wanted to make Spring Training this year... possibly next year. I'm going to Cozumel on Sunday instead!
We'd like to see your snow or weather pics from today if you have any. Send them to Thanks!
I created a page for Firefly Games once. A roving mob of "editors" deleted it - they didn't know it, so not important.
OMG me too. This is like exercise.
It might be a "Mega Dog" night.
#Marquette plays Murray St at 415p on sat
Oak Harbor- Tomorrow should be a repeat of today, just a tad bit warmer.
A good read; my own concerns relate as much to "the war on general computing" as to 1st amendment
did you get the mail
Man fuck today !
Oh you are so sweet !
Make sure you follow the team
If you fight like a married couple, talk like bestfriends, flirt like first lovers, protect each other like siblings, you're meant to be.
i have been on the bulls court before i played there it is amazing @@@@@@
Got Mass Effect 3!!! did you say something about rehearsals? Have no idea what you were talking about))
It's only comes in waves and then goes away. Well it must be chemical.
You're the best!
W. T. Ellis~ It is Christmas in the heart that puts Christmas in the air.
Knockout by Weezy and Nicki would be a masterpiece if it didn't have that stupid rock sound from Rebirth. What was he thinking.
Carryout Is In Route!.
took service learning and a slavery class which was cool. Gimme a list of ur options so I can tell u which ones lol
hey how are you...i am a songwriter ...would like to send you a record of my work ...thanks in advance
Haven't seen/heard from you in awhile. Hope all is going well! :)
--!_|. TWO DANCE FLOORS...HIP HOP..DJ KHAOTIC IN THE MIXX....DJ CHUCO ON THE MIC $2 DRINKS.....SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Good thing Castro didn't try to take out Avila. There would have been a lot of controversy I think.
That last tweet was an example of what some library rockstars are doing, FirstName FUCKING LastName.
On my way to trainin
serious case of food coma going around the office thanks to So full.......
The wrong man in your head, will stop #God from sending the true #soulmate that belongs in your bed. #relationships, #advice,
What doesn't kill me should make my love tougher.
I can't help it
Money, power, respect. In that particular order
what is the password or the 1D presale Tomrrow and will there be VIP for there Chicago concert 2013 please reply!!!
#Uppers” you one deep sistah love, love,love it
Wut? u best get dat son its straight fire...stays on repeat
everyone in the world
Watch out for amazing things coming from the New York Theatre Barn. Big things a-happening....
Thought I might escape the rain this morning...but this next report is going to be WET! It's pouring downtown.
Tenney: revenue != jobs. Revenue #s in one industry are just as easily $s shifted from one industry to another.
exactly. So screw all that haha
GREAT IS UR MERCY TOWARDS ME
me too!!! oh my gosh right when you find out where to buy them...let me know!!! lol i'm super HYPED! hfoewnfdiehwa;ofjewkfh
“: Everytime Wade scores my mom's like "ese es mi negro lindo" ”I promise you that's every mom in Hialeah 😁😂
Happy Mother's Day!! Without Mommy's; we wouldn't be potty trained
damn my dog has some issues he just dumps hes food everywhere and thinks about it later
I have work fool.
Wish I had a dad like jay z
Listening to Mary Alice Ball talking about 's Digital Inclusion Framework project. Love the community engagement!
I gotta get my shit together
it was awesome. he hasnt even dropped an album yet and everybody knew the words to all the songs he did.
In #Sonoma ?See OTTO DIX and 15 other DEGENERATE ARTISTS at ARThouse #Gallery, GlenEllenVillage, close to
First day of orientation. Bring it....
: Obviously. I should have slammed him.
please follow ? (:
Watching sexy ass get his half sleeve done. M so damn sexy.
really impressed that oob performance of randomForest is out performing quite a bit of parameter tuning in an svm for classification proj
oh I thought you were because it's the Sixers.
thanks for spreading the love! facebook.com/justjawaan
no idea i just got here
Layed out all day basically, and still don't think I got a tan. Yay!
Can't wait to get back to #losangeles and see my lady :-)
Real gangsters don't slow the car down at all when they see cops.
Nope. Abandon thread. WTH is Swingers Club?
or the UPS guy she dated after Rich Cronin....
Damn, I was thinking she was gonna be prettier than me... Lol guess not
Racism, that's the name of the game. And you couldn't escape that if you was David Blane
"Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment". Ralph Waldo Emerson
People always say to follow your heart. But what if your heart wants it all? Sigh.
Loving you feels like a kick in the balls
"You sound weirdly sober scott"
thank u lol
For Neuro recovery Yawning till tears in eyes helps voice/swallow & may stop drooling
Well, lets see what tomorrow brings..
They definitely left the ending to Dark Shadows open for another movie.
Don't know if I'm going over there
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal......
Had a chance to go to NY to see The Maine but because of the testing in school and work, I can't go.
- thanks! Love to try Arrogant Frog! We are currently carrying Paul Mas old vines carignan!
Be nice to people on your way up. You might need them on your way down.
Is there a meatball any place on Earth that is better than Martorano's? We don't think so. Someone please tell us if there is!
Keith Woods if NPR reminds us: #Journalism is the only industry named in Constitution. That's how Impt it is to Democracy.
haven't found mudhouse, SS crabs are just a few booths down from me.
"My definition of modernism took a while to develop"-Peter Gay
Cats like tape. It's a delicacy... or something. WTF???
Help! Conferences can be overwhelming for first-timers. Have any tips or advice for EMPs on how to make the most of #CAM2012?
Okay, I gettin scare.....need to go back home
I need my dream team together now im viben!!!!! 10 songs a week where my squad Lz turner!
Just got cut off by Rick Ross in a mini van
Get drunk......stop being the martyred slaves of time,to get absolutely drunk-on wine,poetry,or on virtue, as you please.~C Baudelaire
Listens to "Crack The Sky" for the first time. Too early to tell... but man, these doods are smart.
Get up, get down. Put your hands up to the sun.
I like the article, but the 5th paragraph says "hisself." Lost 99% of credibility in that one word.
for this summer?
"All I wanna do is a-zoom-zoom-zoom & a boom-boom...JUST SHAKE YA RUMP"
Michigan does not currently have the death penalty. It was abolished in 1846.
At home so if you wanna text me its 239 284 8475 but at least tell me who you are so i can know :)
I think there is something wrong with me... Im doing something very unheathly... But i cant stop. I think i have bulimia.
Baseball is back!! Heading down for the Rockies home opener. GO ROX!!
tonight: we're happy to host Pitchcrawl!
See, then you go and say something really smart, and so we want you for President even more... we're just that dumb.
I try to be
i should go for the hot guys ... and see where i end up lol all these guys are scum that i've dealt with
Happy International Women's Day! Celebrate the women you love and the wonderful things they do!
goin ham on dis pad, need da egg n cheese..sittin so high up,my nose bleed..u gotta crawl before u walk..lets proceed
Watching the 3 Stooges, I never get tired of them. They make me laugh!
If you owe me money from 10+ yrs ago & you see me on the grocery store #keepitmoving I wrote you off 10 yrs so lol
Just saw y'all set a date for The World's End. I can't wait for another Pegg/Wright collaboration.
still have jason thomas madison louis open for gf in my story just tweet me
Keeping prog alive every day! www.reverbnation.com/agoraforte
1945- Adolph Hitler moved his headquarters from the Reich Chancellery to a bunker deep below street level.
Int'l reporter Doug McGill's key tool in covering stories on a local level: find the large w/in the small.
right on!!!
Where is it playing?
Could Hitaniel Arias still one day be a contributor to the Milwaukee Brewers? Or has he been too bad in his career so far?
Putting in headphones to drown out the analysis of 's support of gay marriage. SURPRISE! He has an opinion.
No human being can explain
#fiber artist Lewis Knauss & #textile artist Harshita Lohia "So You Want to Be an Entrepreneur" May 2nd
Hope everyone at #il2011 has a great time!
follow the adamouski art competition on our blog for updates--theadamouski.blogspot.com
Fact. MT A3. Pres. is an emotional subject so rewards are emotional. It is not a subject that pays mega ££ (or $)
we'll be at sambucas restaurant tonight for new year's eve. if you need some NYE ideas check out our site www.houston360live.com.
McGee throws game ball into the stands..
FOOD TRUCK MADNESS TODAY!!! Especially L'Efant Plaza! the debut of !
Does math have b or c lunch on blue days?
Mcdnlds before the beach.
about to get on my first VA flight let the party begin!! :-)
I think and are the freaking best!!
A random caller looking for some information also gave me medical advice.
killed it tonight. I don't even watch but this girl has some pipes.
look, maybe a dance idk i just need something fun
That's it, I'm going in for giant coffee
Thanks for the RTs !
Hate to see girls/women with plastic colorful purses running around here like they doing something. Try Again -I see u knockoff handlers too
cell scope should be the winner - cool story and great presentation
2 ...as a guest. Question asked in the Q&A later: "Are you given a list of characters you can kill?" Hey, it was BSG.
We're not actually Tweeting, right? Drinking = more fun
at the Winter Jazz Fest Friday evening Jan.8 w. WHOOPIE PIE. Kenny's Castaways in NYC. JS, Bill McHenry, Mike Pride. WHOOPIE PIE 12:40 am
thank you!
No problem, glad to help!
i have a new idea for a reality tv show and it is like jersey shore and the real world mixed
Yeah, Your Cool. Have fun with your only friend. Since our friendship is
hey bbys how are you? c:
BEARS WIN!! C'mon Dallas tame the Cats
key word is intelligent
If you guys want a great experience while visiting Hollywood check out the I'm sure you'll have a great time.
save me some
I legit almost went super sayian in chemistry class
Be on the look out for #TheMissEducation coming soon!!!
Osteopathic Medical library. No Hospital attached.
I came out of the womb clutching an Odyssey 2000, have been a lifelong gamer, and seriously can't decode FSLC's video game press release
I am not related to Usher Raymond. All that we have in common is our mutual respect for each other as professionals and amazing dancers.
Dolphin veal. The only way to fly.
No problem! Way to help #VA residents #VAlueYourPower!
RT : Q1 Still struggling with just teaching basic info lit to students, not sure how to add data analysis skills.
This is one of those situations where it's the thought that counts. You all wanted to do something nice for fans and I doubt
Today: two presentations. Tomorrow: thesis work. Sunday: all day on a canoe in the name of science.
“: Gemini love to travel, and need to take frequent short trips to recharge their energy. (1)”
Thanks to all who came out to the last night! Your support means a lot.
that sounds good :) "not in a weird way" ;)
Then he'll have GDF buy him a new bus so he can blame basketball hockey soccer baseball & field hockey players
no it doesn't is says I'm eating an apple :) can u read or what?! Lol jk <3 but yesh I'm on xD
I saw a señora line dancing to country music in a quasi Chicano bar in Alhambra, CA. It was a twilight zone moment.
Yes, that's what I'm thinking. RT : thank goodness! I'm sure it was all because of your tweet...
hi,,,can we be friends???
Thank you! Not yet, but he will :)
#EpicMexSighs RT SNY Mets Pitch Predictor predicts a 98% chance Hernandez will be annoyed with pitch predictor usage.
yes it does hahahahahah
Sunndy Sunday morning in Chicago. Day of catch up in work, workout and organizing.
Putting the final details on next weekends blast - LOOK OUT Texas! We're coming your way and bring the incredibly talented Fos with us!
Happy Mother's Day to a special lady to me: Mrs. Luckett!
They carry big things if you know what i mean.
Little Bee is GREAT. RT I loved J. Courtney Sullivan's Maine and Chris Cleave's Little Bee.
I don't know if you meant it to be , but the #CirocSalsa was HILarious. That got my vote.
Congratulations to all the winners at #PremiosJuventud. Happy 8th anniversary! See u next year!
When will I learn to wait the 2 seconds necessary before entering my conference call password?
This is a quiet study lab SHUT THE FUCK UP
This is one of many examples to Austin to realize how much we love him :}.
Yes! And coincidentally I'm now drinking Honig Sauv Blanc with a Thai salad at J. Alexander's in Chicago. A great summer sip
well stand up then aha :D
You will enjoy it!
Did not have the goggles in the preview. But now I hope one of the other contestants pokes him in the eyes.
Help your team understand the "why" so they can help you with "how."
Awesome news, Andy!
I miss tweeting here. Waah. But I found the password, so you know. Things are good.
he annoyed me on charmed
! Just what the end of Monday demands.
good, I'm coming swimming
Who said beautiful woman be the worst is a dayyumm lie ! Ugly bitches can be just as evil or worst . They got some fucking nerve -_-:
I think i love you..
Oomf keeps me happy.... Its weird in a good way :-)
sorry, no recommendation made
Sometimes we waste our moments. We don't take the time to say the things that are in our hearts when we have the chance.
Tonight on 10 How about renting tools for just $25 a yr., there's a place in DSM called the tool-lending library.
Hot laps were turning some mid 13s
Healthcare is a need so let's not call it obamacare
theres not really any right or wrong answer for some of the things we do. set answers only exist in math.lol
yea, I can't lie I was a chubby baby too but nothing, stressing over workk :/ what college you goin to next year
Frank: Do u have brownie, cake mix for the brownies Amber: No..Well maybe @ work F:That's why we need 2 go 2 Wal-Mart A:I have jello.
Hi Glen, Thank you for following! Hope you have a great week!!
What are you watching?!
Might want to try ol' fashioned emailing too?
Tried some great restaurants in LA thanks to some of your check ins.
Oops upside ya head (the big headache the bigger the pill) (the bigger the doctor the bill) W.E.F.U.N.K. Say Oops upside ya head
State of Nation's Children missing from speech: Children’s Leadership Council Urges Renewed Focus on Children
Bleacher Report: Dallas Cowboys 2012 Draft: Evaluation and ...
It's time for Bob Ross!
#bartrivia tonight at #whiskeytango Starts at 7!! Get your team together.
Aj Pierzynski will not be driving to the stadium after his speeding ticket last week
White people- John I think we should get some franks Mexicans- ey ey Rudy, go get some wienies
may i bother u for a ramen house rec?
hey Chicago what do you say
yeah its right up there..is there anything in other sports that compare?
apparently there are thousands, yes thousands, of branches/trees down in Central Park
My pup is 7.4 pounds - and really not growing. Aww doggies!
Are the Bulls made of glass?
Do you need to hire Fin'l Analysts? Know what companies have them? We can find EVERY SINGLE ONE of them inside those companies! Remarkable.
“: I love my bros forreal, they motivate me”
Fourth day straight of feeling terrible 😷 blehh
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME
Thanks, I had a great time! I always enjoy talking to smart, engaged students.
Not too bad, my shower was cold this morning :( but I got Starbucks and I get to visit family this afternoon =)
haha thanks bud(: I love you too.
As long as your chest is pounding, you can rest assured that you're still alive!
You take away the pain, and I thank you for that. If I ever get the chance, 'bet I’m paying you back. I’ll be waiting for that…
thanks, girl!
For me personally, Having at #Edcampss was a highlight. Fantastic experience! Thank you.
i also like to pretend im married to a guy named Niall.
chinese is not a gender. its a race
Sources report Miami will select Tannehill
It seriously feels like Saturday... -_-
#amwriting #rwa RT : So has anyone ever written a choose-your-own-adventure-style romance novel?
Stop posting pics of the jacked up lookin' tatts yall be gettin'. It's such a shame.
Woke up, Got dressed, opened the front door stepped outside n realized, no coffee in hand yikkes ran back and got my fix ..COFFEE
Thanks For braving the cold weather Metro Center Ficellenians! See you next week!
*drags you* biatch!
Haha got you fam RT : s/o to for the brew at the last minute really came through tho lol
wondering if my neighbor is doing trick-or-beer again this year?
TRUTH aka Ciroc day, aka Patron day, aka hang out with fine ass women like day lol
Real Recognize Real !!!!
I'm not a nerd, I'm just not stupid like you.
What live music are you seeing this weekend?
Check that. 10 speakers. You can mix faster that way.
Stick drill!!!!
I'll throw your Qs out to our Braves Live crew and see if I can get some answers tomorrow.
done and retweeted.
In typical Vancouver fashion, it's raining. I'm supposed to be loading the car with all my belongings right now, so that kinda sucks.
you mean me right?
You are probably better. :)
Almost 2am and I'm still up... Goodnight
Exploring the Austin grocery store scene with She's giddy, like an acrobat in a mattress store!!!
Thanks for the follow!
Happy new year KJ!
so you are saying you are human
sampling tomorrow night 7PM! Featuring Brad, Riverwest, New Grist, Fixed Gear, IPA & Bridge Burner!
A peek behind the food scenes at the New Orleans Jazz Festival
We are located at the 215 & Tropicana exit, across from Walmart shopping center.
Long day at work, can't wait to go to sleep. working on some new edits(dj's stay posted)
This smoothie tastes like Earth
Awesome bro thanks! #digdeep with whatever workout you have today!!
#90sproblems having to get off the internet so somebody can use the phone
i like ALWAYS have nutella on mu face
Shouldn't the zambonis come out before overtime at the #Masters ?
You are too kind for the #FF! Have a great weekend missy!
What yall doing ?
gest got a #facebook after so long i did it i sold out
y u watchin it still
We're Back! Havent tweeted in a while. So much is going on here at VGI. We needed to start tweeting to keep you updated!
Tech terrace sucks. No houses allow pets
Why? RT Now I feel like crap, son of a bitch man seriously
Winged outlaw sprint car racing coming to Maryville - WVLT
#3words: "ok it's on"
Gotta see when youre down there ": #SXSW here I come!"
yep(: how was your day?
draw something during commercial!!!
lol thanks ha
Jack the ripper. Curious to hear why
Twitter is refusing to let me link to M. John Harrison's excellent piece on cosplay. You should go to his blog and read it.
seriously fucking up the program today
Just because I'm Haitian doesn't mean I'm not black my skins still black isn't it?
I'm good how u doin boo
Everyone sucks
OK! we're gonna need a bigger truck. Only req is to never, ever tweet about anything currently trending.
Nice save by little Timmy.
check what out??
thanks for letting us know, please email we would like to hear more about your experience tonight
Ew is my boyfriend on his period too?
Miami Dolphins: "We're a real NFL team, we promise!"
SO like.. they are gonna give me an all expense paid trip to New York to present!! even though i live in N.Y they`ll pay for my hotel
me neither! i'm so excited:DD
Getting a pedi with 💁👣
The world is not a stage so forget fame and search for originality. Solid reminder from
I love summer. But man it makes it tough to work sometimes.
That dude just did that!!!! I Believe I Can Fly... He sang the devil out of that song!!!
GO TALK IT OVER GUYS.
I love all these people who invoke Jesus against SSM. Check the bible people. Jesus never said one word about it. WWJD indeed.
Sucks to be you, Steelers!
Follow us on Twitter for exclusive content, pics and more
Sounds like an awesome mommy moment! Kids w/ #foodallergy are deprived enough - sometimes a special treat is warranted!
You were saying?
In my mind I have killed you thousands of times.
Holiday Special $10 off all car door unlocks & home lock picks Christmas Eve !!!
cool cuz imma need a pretty lady by my side ;D
A belated thank you, and right back at ya ;)
thanks jimmy. do you play draw something?
dang I forgot down here in the south it's Coke lol
The Shelby County Players will be holding auditions for the holiday production of The Best Christmas Pageant Ever Oct 10 & 11 @ 6:30pm
I'm not afraid of nothing
Enjoying a nice, fruity Ethiopian Yirgacheffe Cafe - nice work on this one !
Glad its blessed u. RT God is using ur book in a HUGE way in my life & student ministry! We need more Joshuas!
you have some interesting tweets. It looks like we have some common interests and passions!
NEW YORK<3 LAST TIME YOU CAME HERE I DIDNT GET A CHANCE TO GO :( PLEASE COME BACK TO NY<3
At least you did not have a Suzy Kolber moment!
you're a trooper!
how cute robert farts LOL
fb me all my work is on there
I'm back on Twitter just to say I'm gone Oct 2nd for a year...I think >_>
well...it's really sumthin, I have to say. I am equal parts excited and horrified. ;)
Better than doing it during the day when people are thirsty and trying to rehydrate.
Money. Today. Money. Tomorrow.
whew....crazy weekend
Hey. Whats up?
y'all tryin to figure out the me tweet/?
It aint no church n the wild huh? Well tell me who u think I write 4? Folks wanna call this gospel rap... nah homeboy this sacrifice
Oh ur just bunched up wit excuses aren't u?! Lol :-) and why not its not like ur gunna be tracked down
RT : "Do not approach me when my headphones are on. This means you, waiting to make your move. I SEE YOU." - funny and appropriate.
3 bowls of peach yoplait yogurt paid off, the show was awesome! Everythings PEACHY
what pickle? Haha
no): lol who's it by? i'll look it up..
That moment when you want to sucker punch the girl next to you cause you know their cheating off you
the jam
The played like crap yesterday but at least there was an awesome new Restaurant Impossible last night. Thanks
Cannot wait for at and to catch up with tonight! Just what I need on this hump day.
Last 2 picks have been reaches. could've got Weeden as our 3rd pick and Schwartz with our 4th.
That is very intriguing, thanks for the share.
I could go for a margarita or some kind of tasty drink....
I took my septum out about three weeks ago and it's still not healed. o:
Finally off work (phew!)
No I'm not dead >.>...not that anyone cared to ask or anything :3
we need to get south Florida standing by the panthers. Sun sentinel needs to start reserving space on 1c. It's our year.
Back to my santuary for a good night of reading.
RT ": The weekend is a time for peace and quiet. Because no one wants to hear loud noises when they're hung over."
smells like grill for as far as the nose can sniff.
RT Voted for Cameron Whitten today, your turn Portlanders.
well then just add me as a contact and after we are done on facetime u can delete my contact from his ipod
What Are You Thinking About?
yay you're tweeting again! Now get a freakin pic Joel!
Well, she DID actually get engaged :o !
Hahaha Then When your causin went to pick us up haha
Good morning tweeps let's get this day over with
Playing with my new HTC Jetstream. Enjoying it so far.
Nice to meet Rhett Damon of HomeFinder.com at
just did.
CALL ME MAYBE!
Thanks to for 14 years of dedication to the Colts, Indy, and the fans!
i really don't understand Barbra Walters...
OH "I think calling it a 'whimsical rabbit hole' is really reductive."
If you dont love yourself how can u love sum one else.
I felt better after I went to sleep, thank you though :)
Tweet time.!
are you on leave or carrying your full load of work?
I'm very good :-) how about you?
At a time when states are reconsidering film incentives, we should not be proposing to expand ours.
I can only hope I'll be cleared to finish my senior year of lacrosse.
Didn't do anything I was supposed too.
On deadline this wk. If U send me a pitch, I will prob'ly miss it...anyway, early-bird Mon emails always get lost in the deluge. Just sayin
Home from the #reasonrally. A bit over 14 hours from hotel in DC to home. Very glad to have gone, but also glad that drive is done.
#ItsFunnyHow you respond when i haven't said a thing in three days.
why not Paul?
will murder RT : #Kings and #Coyotes tied at 1 after 2 periods. I called 5 OTs earlier and I'm not backing off of it.
Anyone able to recommend a reasonably-priced laptop, mostly for writing so it doesn't need a behemoth hard drive.
He calls himself Metta World Peace, but he's still Ron Artest.
I swear...sometimez I TRuLY believe that if I could like bitchez I would... Dudez will make You feel some kinda way...
#thatawkwardmomentwhen thinks his 6 followers actually care
spent several hours writing some new stuff in the vein of drop C ambient. leveraging my Axe FX II to the fullest.
I ain't one to judge I'm just saying.
Didn't "W" breastfeed til he was 40? or was he doing lines of coke off that old bag mother's private parts until he turned 40?
yeah, fucking whatever.
are you at Jupiter Lanes?
I miss u too and thank u
Since my kids are exactly 2.5 years apart,we have a mini-party for their half-birthdays.
TwSIG Meg Stuart Instructional Technologist. Great overview to
Let's sponsor a bill!
Best of luck in California!
marquez vs diaz is a good fight
Looking forward to speaking at lunch at #TSW2012: "The Fallacy of Failure" - If u want a happy ending, it depends on where u stop the story
Stupid Twitter. Somehow I lost you from my following list. :-(
I like how he weighs out the idea of driving the firetruck… "hm, fire truck you say…? hm… i guess this is acceptable."
If its free it's me.
Wondering... which DC Council candidate is most like Donald Trump?
Im still in L.A. i love home but i need to get back to houston were the money is!
me and adam really do!
“: #Scorpio Career Paths: Surgeon, courtroom lawyer, executive secretary, detective, psychiatrist” wanted to be a lawyer
RT : RT : How big exactly is Twitter in 2012, this great infographic explains
I could care less how y'all feel I got the flo make a bitch do kart wheel!-chiddy bang
I guess is hot now.
are we making waffels if so I can bring eggs, spray, syrup, amd whisk
May you live every day of your life.
RMFT!!!! : British boys are so cute.
The market returns this Saturday with great fall harvests and more artists!
Leif Totusek and I to play again at Shadowland in west Seattle 9pm March 26th, been too long...it's like church.
what SETisode was your favorite to make??
R. I. P to The Godfather of Go-Go Chuck Brown...
Follow us and get a “New Follower Coupon” (FEI042011avc) 10% off most of our products, must call in, one time use.
i saw at the park the other day by my grandmas house.... blast from the past right there.
Friday night plans fell through again. <<<
She put that bottle to her head and pulled the trigger.
sign Saturday. Great pickup. Another QB on the field. This could be deadly. Go Pack!
Hi Matt - congrats on the launch! I've been talking with Chris this week.
What took me so long to get that #Ambition?!
the briber toy? LOL they make those?
that awkward moment when your english teacher makes a spelling/grammar error, you correct them, & they give you detention for it..
what day ? Hahha
Any fool can make a baby, But only a real man can raise his children.
You posted a French song on the blog in a post abt Paris..can't find it. Help
I would but its not even close to being in the cast hands. :(
Why is it so easy to find stuff to buy? Thankfully I am going to be earning the money to buy stuff again. Tuition can go on the back burner!
true, all I really see around me is snow and a shovel that I'm successfully ignoring
Laugh and you'll burn up three and a half calories, no joke. - Via the Funny Facts Free app -
Never trust a girl who tells you that her parents will absolutely love you!
I Found The Greatest Love Of All Inside Of Me
I am an edu app developer how do we TELL teachers about our apps and get specific feedback
I think someone stole my flip... Time to turn the tracking device on.. lolol
Me and my sheep will be reunited tomorrow!!
Twitter is the fastest way for smart people to prove they're not. /via
"earth.... 23 inches in diameter ..... awesomee"
Oh make this headache go away!
Follow me back ppl ! Thanxx
They mad at our love lol RT : I've just found the girl of my dreams!!!!! Oh how I love me some ----->
Freaking Patty Mills baby!
AMEN TO THAT ❕❕❕IT'S GONNA BE FINE❕❕SO NO LOBSTER N SHRIMP???
My brother's friend was in a #drinking-related car accident the other night and has been unconscious since. Hopefully he's OK.
Thank you so much! We'll be in around one. I'll let you know when we arrive.
u rite I apologize ladies. Cus although I call u bitches I'm still proud of my sisters!
If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living. Gail Sheehy
WH chief of staff Daley says earlier presidential primaries causes polarization & makes it harder to get things done in DC
Same here :) “: no prob! Always like seeing another fellow Christian succeed! :)”
Yes, when all else fails, exercise more! That's my motto. :-)
Unlike my pal, I didn't get a sufficient base burn the other day. Going to rectify that in 2 hours.
RT - MIAMI HAS THE DOLPHINS MY FAVORITE FOKTBALL TEAM ;) ALL I DO IS WIN
Saw District 9, it successfully sucked me in and took me away. Would see it again.
That is the wildest thing I've ever seen.
never heard of it
seems like the 200s are split. How many residents in that group are there (active)?
Happy to see the on Twitter. Definitely a great poet and mentor-by-example.
No problem! So far so good over here. Hope you're having a great day too!
Thanks. I kind of like experiencing the content through the different sites...
Tolls in NC? Feel like I'm in the North already...
#InCaseYouDidntKnow im a King
RT Aye J been 2 long how are you feeling?!?? Whats going on man! Need to DM you my new # (still waiting on it bro)
haha really? I'm about to bake some chocolate chip cookies RIGHT NOW! :D
#isitjustme or is stubbing your toe one of the most painful things you could do depending on how you hit it
I just saw a book at the thrift store of setlists at Grateful Dead concerts. It was a well-worn volume. I passed on it.
This is taking forever. GET IN HERE AND STAB ME ALREADY! ...wait, please leave...I was jus...
Now Following
Many iSpire fans requested an easier hashtag to follow. So now you can search NspiredBy for complete Proverb inspirations by
Thanks for making me dinner :)
Taking a break from the boxes and organizing, so I'm going to read some blogs and news I feel I have missed the past couple of days!
love that commercial!
~heard from the espn announcers that Batum was taken to a local hospital. please tell me they did not take him to grady.
Dream always, hope strong, and love endlessly, and remember what u go thru builds your character
If #whatawomanneeds is just a place to call home. Then, #whatmakesahome?
On our way to NY for the
Time to venture out into the world of Twitter. It seems to be the way the winds are blowing.
Had an awesome week so far
Welcome to the capital of Cascadia!
We will, thanks! :)
Be back in a while
Orioles will make the wild-card playoffs.....I'm dead serious..Zach Britton getting healthy..Machado and Bundy coming soon. BROB return?
Dude. Jealous.
Nigga will fuck with a pitbull with a wig on! You niggas is crazy! # Baleedat
Are three year olds contractually obligated to adore Thomas the Tank Engine? My nephew will recite entire episodes without the TV on...
Then how did they turn it around?
It was great to see you again, you did a terrific job!! keep up the amazing work n we'll all eat soon!
enjoyed B2C 37 ways to repurpose blog blast! Been teaching recycling content for years & this has new spins. Thanks!
Have a wonderful weekend!
MARC train better be on time.
Very nice win for the Tribe...Taking Vinny and Haggs off the hook for giving it up.
Joseph Morgan: But there is always going to be this connection between Elena and Stefan. So maybe eventually, that will win. #Stelena ♡
Ha! The Leftovers by Tom Perrota
"RT: I'm from the apple so that makes me a mac!!>>>>Bo!!!!! Lol
Yes!!! I hope you stand up and support Ron Paul, we need him in office, asap!!!
Our #martinis put Sex and the City to shame! Ask Samantha…
So ready to go back to bed
Know of a local business in Milwaukee that we should be following? Tweet us at
Taking the Food Stamp Challenge with Congresswoman Jackie Speier this week. Trying to live on $4.50 allotment per day to gain understanding.
I'm pretty sure I'm a carrie.
NEW FEATURE: Mean Sea Level Pressure (MSLP) is now included in all forecast features
12 missed calls, 6 voice mails, 4 emails and a death threat. Not a bad weekend!
and potatoes gonna potatoe.
i jus wanna lay in bed and do nothng ,
haha no some rap songs say that before the song
So tired. But glad tomorrow is the last day till spring break. :)
I have a lot to do this next week so i'll try to get on here more next weekend (if you want to talk i'm on ) :)
I switched to beer so am doing a better job now.
Mom: "Did you make it home OK ?" Me: "No mom. I died 7 times on the way"
Cano is eventually going to start hitting. . . and when that happens. I feel bad for the American League.
Mfs out here fuckin on ANYTHING!
will be giving away the VIP passes this week. Listen to win.
After hitting a bomb just barely foul early, Joe Mather leads the #Cubs to the win after he belts a homer in 9th, exciting the freezing fans
That I knew (regarding Public Libs). I just took this as a hindering ploy to the transition to ebooks for Pub Libs
Think I'll watch the FB stock trade in a few minutes. The faint whimpering you hear is just the Winklevosses.
No, no one uses it. Everyone's on Facebook.
Damn they be roasting shorties on Tough Love
Yep. Just keep winning series.
"Bring headquarters to ABQ" -Mayor Berry
Happy #ww to you too!
Aww that's kinda sad shaved but he looks good no matter what he dose he's also super talented :-)
Marty Kaan!! "I didn't fuck you...I was getting even...your daughter is who I fucked"
sneakin' on tha computer.. i wish i had my fb password i gotta call my momzzzz later. what you been on though big brothaaaa
Haha, luckily Vegas is rarely below 80 degrees. :P Just be warned, lots of strippers there! Hahaha.
That movie only gets better from there.
Can't wait til I am doing the same!
aw i wish i could come to your show in LA i've been wanting to visit california ever since i was little! haha
Hey I don't have a problem with Secret Service getting theres in Columbia. I don't have a problem with any person who servers getting theres
be careful!
Its about to be a long day
Twitter isn't what it use to be
Can't wait to see next week!!!!
♀To The World You May Be Just One Person, But To One Person You May Be The World♀
I appreciate you! (:
It's tough, especially if you're point is misunderstood-BH
A little windy & choppy on #MeadowLake but still a fun time this am with
A thought as I'm designing new page mockups - the less words user have to read on PTales, the more words they get to read in books
Download He gave me this day off itunes today. U will be blessed.
I want to hear it! What's your No. 1 tip for nonprofits using Twitter? Reply with your answer!
In the depths of lau working on my project after a long day at work for
Now that I can do.
In case you haven't figured it out yet, group name and password for #SCMS11 conference wifi is SCMS
Amen. RT : Now, more than ever, we need amazing teachers.
Capitalization is the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse, and helping your uncle jack off a horse...Tucker Max
This bores me #Knicks vs
Ugh come on 10 o'clock I'm ready ta G O GO
OHMYGOD Citizen Cope!!!!!
I love it would be amazing if he followed me
I Can Watch Repeats Of This All Day Long.
drawing is tomorrow
Of course we are speaking about the "grand celebration" part and not the readers. They were GRAND!!
. If I do this serious MERS dive, you have to promise to help me.
I'm around the corner eating. I'm thinking of you in bed watching family guy. I miss you.
um, yeah!
In the mood for some delicious pie? Well I am. Today I will be featuring a wonderful Bananza Pie~ Too yummy for words!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh my pet...I would save you if I could... but I'm a little busy with the Accession and becoming a Goddess. You understand huh?
Border Wars can be watched on iDevices, right?
I know baby you got the whole package ;)
Wow, I'm sure you will :) Are you going to SPF too?
that's exactly what I was thinking. You should just watch animals doing funny & cute things, those are the images to carry
nope. that would be my hubby's cell phone alerting him to his battery dying. ;)
~ Its crazy but true ; I can't see myself with nobody but you.. ~
Congrats for #shortyawards 4 best social media manager.
Don't miss The Cincy Brass tonight at the Cincinnati Club Room 9 PM! A tribute to Booker T Jones and one BIG surprise!
I didn't know that! Awesome! I fly back on Tues, will prob go see my mom and then come back
very true! Hm haha. And never mind she's a yr older.
Jokes on you bitches
somebody talk!
What's new in March !!! We need some gigs pronto !!!
When u realize that those that matter don't mind and those that mind don't matter ur growing up!
& I miss you!
RT : i wanna go lesbian se!
You can wash a dish one thousand times...You will never learn anything about the dish but, You will learn about yourself.
i love watching thrillers and then tryna predict whats gonna happen next... come up with some crazy fuckin twists
He doesn't play for us (Nielson and Kronberg are too good in front of him) but he kills at the U20 level, despite being only 18
yes, sorry about that. :)
It was an epic night, over 700 came out. We'll do it again Sat. Feb 2, 2013. Follow us to stay updated
Having a #GRAND time today can't stop thinking of that one person who inspires me
: that's good, b/c i just got my #void card ^_^ yay!!! let's "shoot"
SQL Server: Generate Insert Statement Script | Tech-Recipes: A ...
You're welcome. Go #AgencyInsanity :)
#Get Back has to be my fav #beatles song!
cleveland. Have fun sleeping in us. See you tonight beautiful!
because, you are you.
Not really, hate rejection. Confidence is off lately.
Time for Bucky to shine in Champaign
tel gabi said hello
This is not my day.
UM, how are still at the office?
Lagos drivers are freaking me out! :(
Idk how anyone could wear pants to school it's almost the end of the year
Recruiting, once again, baffles everyone down to the last second. No one really knows anything until an announcement is made, so let's wait.
Standing next to a girl who looks like a Vera Bradley catalogue threw up on her...
attending a new clicker training - looks like a much sleeker, simpler device than we've used in the past
I have these from another source. Our group has 3 more?
who you drinking with?
where are u up to?! It gets amazing at the end of book 2!
RT During sex do you think midgets do it puppystyle?
live streaming of WTA matches at begin tomorrow on and Wednesday on (ESPN3). TV next weekend.
Don't forget to tune in tonight for Around the World in 80 Plates on - cheer on !! Go get 'em girl!!!
with one too many blue moon....I assume?
It's HARD to keep mf's from unfollowing you
Suck it Boston. #TheCurseoftheAndino and #JenRoyleCurse is real folks.
Editing going beautifully! Tedious.........but looking fantastic!
thanks for the follow!!
Even drivers need editors. RT My driver just handed me a card on the way from the airport: "All rate's are negotiateable."
Hotch-A-Do 50% off at www.crowdclick.com
Thanks for the tasty honey! RT : Spotted Duck Apiary on the air!
We are really excited about the upcoming #momvoxbox! Make sure to unlock your Mom Badge in order to qualify!
Carmelo needs to retire ASAP
Saint Patricks day is such a perfect day for my mom to be sick.
boring I thought ud be watching sumthin else or calling the brat..lol
but im gettin' money with these white folk.
#becomingfearless is about stepping outside your comfort zone and not letting fear stop you from pursuing your dreams
Will there ever be a and collaboration
yeaah and even if she ends bailing out, we can still chill :)
Omg Bon Iver just shouted out Eau Claire, WI! Love it!!!
sorry if I do that sometimes
I hate how everywhere I go I have to get 2 meals to feel satisfied.
Thanks, i might change it tho and make different ones
A Thai-born US immigrant was again cleared by an appeals court of the 1991 murders at a Buddhist temple in Arizona.
Good morning South Bay, I'm hosting office hours at Otay Mesa-Nestor Library today!
Watching Once upon a Time.
thanks for rt about the powell case!
LeClairRyan hosts session 03/20: How to Draft & Negotiate Better Licensing Agreements: A Program for Life Science Counsel...
Hahaha I'm practicing for my stand up career. :P
Can't wait to go to the studio and get my cd recordedd! OHH YEEAH!
I'm going to dunk on one of them sorry ass staff members
good luck on your um procedure tomorrow!
I have begun a new internship with Live from the NYPL today!
Shout out to the guy wearin sunglasses, his chain, 2 bracelets and his watch in the gym on Eastern. You sir, are the epitome of douche
Today is National Puppy Day... Hit LIKE if you are excited about it :) #Happy National Puppy Day!
We are at the bar in the back
going to central park in NY today!
I would love it if u follow me for my b day today
Lion King 2, wine, and house to myself
I'd watch RT : I think me and..... should have a #shirtoff August 15th
Prepared and presented a tailored overview of fund-raising methods for Hilltop Children's Center this past Thursday. Thanks Pat.
Just posted more photos of Victorian Yonkers.....enjoy!
Hi I would like to know when MAGIC CITY is going to air in FRANCE? My people can't wait to see it :) frenchi
was going the fuck in
We can all tell when you get your headshot done at sears...that is not a good thing
Thank you and to you and the family! Has a gift card for there so we must go back!!! :-)
"The pen is the tongue of the mind." -- Miguel de Cervantes, Spanish novelist, poet and playwright
Do you like Newt?
Yeah that's gotta be true. This one got better reviews than others but it's pretty much a shithole.
On the phone with Shaq.
Just more of your dat-to/day lives! Love you all!: What would everyone like to see on a future SW episode? The Browns would li
You must establish your season by speaking it.
Hate that I missed last night... Looked like a great convo!
i'll add that to the menu...
Uuummmmmmmmmm I'm sorry just because I compliment you does not mean I'm hitting on you psh!!!!!! #SMH!!!!
playing for a group therapy session for #Vets with PTSD today at the Sepulveda Vets Center. , ,
#HappyBirthday 2 Me If You Wish Me A #HappyBirthday Ill Give A S/O.
The markets seem spooked by the debt ceiling deal! Could this be a fakeout?
& The Money Hustla Music Squad invited? Check out "Waisted" for the ladies
Flight back to Sweden has been cancelled due to hurricane. Might be late for classes and internship :(
Good morning I'm writing a news article about the Texas Back Institute becoming your official spine specialist. Any comment?
its alot of "big bitches" in the mill now. smh
ah been there before. Sounds good!
I have to go watch the dictator movie and the what to expect idk whatever movie lol
I kid you not, spotted a 30yr old rocker looking dude at the Luxor sporting a Winger t-shirt #saywhat!?
Like vegetarianism?
I just hope you been praying.
“: Fred"s demo shows making the platform accessible to non IT is a key direction for SN #know12 #ovumit”
I love Torts
Thanks, G-man!
congrats on the follow/dm/rt carlss<3 you're so lucky!
Facilitating re dig citizenship at tie col conference in June..what are you doing to make sure students are aware of their dig footprints?
- follow me ;p
Right? It's a little frustrating. Time for some independent RDA studyin'.
Somemore good feedback from German training - 'A very good day – most enjoyable – Jo made it really fun and not intimidating'.
Looking for #PBL quotes and information on #PBL. Anyone out there want to help with a #grant utilizing collaborative learning spaces
I need someone to make vietnameses coffee for me 24/7.
Andre Miller's hair
on my way to the doctors not feeling well
Sean Putman, outside Detroit watching basketball
fuck you all. don't talk to me unless your Taylor. I'm sick of everyone being fake as fuck.
This dog dying scene in revenge is killing me
I found that radio on is a good cure for the blues.
YES! As soon as possible.
Did Fergie descend from a spaceship? If so, best show I've ever seen.
Im gonna get a shirt that says that... :)
Frak me! I want to point out a major faux-pas btwn burgeoning online publication & local art org. Shld I send emails or start commenting?
Me too. “: I'm inspired. took his passion ( ) and combined it w/ his skill (social media). #SMCRVA”
It was only because I was still a student. Next time, I'll have to pay the full $79. Still will pay for itself anyway. :)
more please!!!!!
Just barely caught the train to grand central this morning on our way to manhattan. Bitter cold ny morning.
Nice to see some early #BatMagic from Csan. Time to get an early lead and than bury em
what are your goals with #Yammer? Project mgmt? Info sharing? Professional Development? Curious about how others use it.
Apocalypse now. Public Pool reception for the Enraged Will Inherit the Earth, 7-11 pm. 3309 Caniff, Hamtramck.
That is awesome!
In 1872, Susan B Anthony was arrested and convicted of attempting to vote. In 1979 the U.S. minted a dollar coin in her honor.
me too it's not right!! What else is he gonna make them do!?
I hate right now.
Q: How did the Norwegian people separate themselves from the #1percent in the early 20th century?
Feel so bad for my brother, worst pitching he's done in his life. #offtoday :/
We are often asked for assistance to locate the right Security Professional from a licensed established security company.
Getting my nose pierced!
When do you come home?
hey edgar i don't think that's snow!
Apple says the company's co-founder Steve Jobs had been battling pancreatic cancer.
I wish there was a support group at Emory for newly minted PhDs, trying to process "What just happened?" simultaneously w/ "What's next?"
Probably not going to California after all.
Next week USC evenings 6pm is moved to the PE pool
Thanks, bro. It'll be a Metal Knee. So that's be cool in away. METAL To My BONES! \m/
"vagina fish" a new term has been added to my lexicon
Just got back in town literally 10 minutes ago now heading to Spring Show!!
After Testimony: The Ethics & Aesthetics of Holocaust Narrative edited by Susan Rubin Suleiman G'78 et al now out from OSU Press.
I have an original of that issue, along with a 1958 Jet cover.
Today marks the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks, the most deadly acts of terrorism in American history.
February 20 (Day 20) Breakfast Luna Bar S’mores,Poland Spring Water
Follow !!! I created it today for all you people!
Happy B-Day to our wonderful son.
Extra week
Stupid Kansas. I knew better than to root for you.
Fro sure! Iola's my favorite course, a little bit of everything there. You?
OMG!! This Plyometric Cardio Circuit program kick my ass this morning!! What a sweat....OMG!!!
Thanks! : , I'm giggling my face off at your #aimsoundersready headlines! The campaign rules, as do our boys in green & blue
CDC now recommend all entering college for the first time are vaccinated against meningococcal meningitis.
yes! I've always wanted to be Evie Carnahan!
Only accept cash
happy valentines day to all my favorite stoners! i hope you find love and
HA!!!.. yup and its more SWEETER than a HONEY BUN... lol
Where are you looking? We would love to help.
I gotta get cardio theater at my crib
Fetish Houston is the place to be tonight !! Going to the Drake concert ? Come to Fetish AFTER !!!!! #Houston 3101 Fountain View
Omlet for dinner>>>>
it's not a good look,
hope the rest of your auditions today went as well as ours!
Okay, I'm a little freaked out by this. Does anyone believe that this is going to help?
well it's complicated but I'm trying really hard to!
Ant wait for ABDC later on!!! #BoyzAreBack :D but sad to know that one of the crews has to go :(
wondering if waiting to work on grant proposals until AFTER bourbons with friends was a good idea...
OH: "Everyone has a blog in the Star Wars universe."
If I find the link I totes will snag you a pair! :D
sure, drop me an email at pjudge at barracuda dot com
let's talk about BLACK legislators across the country targeting Blk boys! Sagging pants laws are Unforgivable!
#ThingsUglyPeopleShouldntHave a cocky attitude.. get real.
nu uh. Booze and Fried Food are amazing. Glee is sad and the like.
6 yrs ago I hiked thru rainforest in Palenque w/Broncos fans to watch Pats lose, walk home in high drug trafficking area. Help a gal out Tom
the problem is i used to think i was a seven for the longest time and now i am all confused
I don't know those details yet, but I'll find out!
I'm so bored, I just went through 's tweets and looked at every twitpic to pass the time... I feel so good about myself right now.
Waiting to chat with Larry Ahrens at 9 AM on 1550 - hope you'll join us!
But my dad woke me up and now I can't go back to sleep :((((
The things some people do. Smh...only in Arizona!
cool story bro
Welcoming our newest members summermom, jlinroos, cajack and our 100th member NV-Amber. Welcome aboard all and enjoy!
ooh you bad!
Just read that the iphone5 is going to be build using liquid metal... how great is that for phonecalls?
I've got the tune of a Jordanian concertino stuck in my head. Must be
Struggling to hit with runners in scoring position, is there any doubt that this will come back and haunt them today?
Our sun just had a big solar flair, don't worry it was not pointed at us this time.
What other shows would you like to be on?
Is Cee Lo Green a little person?
Yes I've changed. Pain does that to people
Only 8 FT's attempted. I know Bass was hacked a few times but....go to the hoop?
Appreciate EVERYTHING GOD GIVES YOU!
One week and 3 days until I can spend my summer camping, boating on Lake Monroe, and being with the girlfriend 😜
love that! Wishing you lots of happiness! Does working out help u with that?
Im bout to lose a bestfriend /:
Finally summer! OMG
It was a great way to get re-aquainted w/out feeling pilot-y, and loved SCDP's joke on Y&R.
On our way to American Idol :)
Elbow me once shame on you, elbow me twice, fugggg that! Lmaoo
We checked it out here and it's ok. If we hear from others that there's a problem we'll get IT on it. Thanks for the warning!
You don't walk into your fuckin dentist office 2hrs late!
follow back plz?
Booking info:
haha. Glad to hear it. And make one of your own?
I am seriously way ttoo excited for tomorrow, guise!
Leonard Swett, an old lawyer friend of Mr. Lincoln and mine, wrote to me and warned: "Washington is drunk and the country is sober."
no like undoubtedly. like you don't even understand
On my way to the Gym...
got everybody crackin up! #classic ribbin everyone I swear lmao
Giving away a pair of tickets to see Heartless Bastards Feb. 11 at Gravity Lounge tomorrow on the velvet rut. Details to win tomorrow a.m.
i guess i'll go to bed considering i have to leave in less than an hour.
#liber2011 , is "stonking" a good thing? :)
Tasting Gold coast, Verona and Yukon tonight. Stop by around 6 for some coffee and pastry samples.
No no drama. No no no drama. Lmfao
Part 1 was freaking awesome(: a fantastic thing to read as soon as i got home(:
I'm really missing those days of snuggled-up toddlers reading Jiggle Joggle Jee! and We're Going On a Bear Hunt with me.
you only have like...99days to enjoy meat again
haha, and THAT is the reason why I miss you so much!! Get back here! Our neighbors need to be taught how to dougie :)
thanks Jess, I definitely celebrated tonight
I don't tweet much but when I do my tweets are exquisite
Flat tire.
The released API is for reading only Chad. There is still no posting API available.
Thanks for the RT and about our buy-one-get-one rose special. Hope you stop by and take some home.
Thomas singing on the phone and ish<<<<>>
A4 embed a fail fast (and cheaply) concept testing methodology
Do you have a fav Vegan Recipe to share for Meatless Mondays? Send it to us at and we will share the best ones with everyone!
Oh yeah. Will & Enrique are great friends, in hell. ???
Ah finally the sun has come out in La Jolla. DMIT headquarters just got much brighter!
And just to clarify, having bubbles at your nuptials and having a bubble machine is totally different.
If I die young, bury me in satin Lay me down on a bed of roses Sink me in the river at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song♥
whatd you do?
I started as a total skeptic 3 years ago. I've now helped over 750 lose over 6000 lbs, and replaced my full time income.
9 hours of shopping makes me tired. #drinkypoos please
Florense Chicago's Fall Sale starts TODAY!
Bucks Nets refs are calling the most bs calls right now
i have a 3 month summer! :)
The Toney Douglas- JR Smith backcourt is scary. Plenty of forced shots to come
Extra innings!!
pleassseee follow me(:
Good Morning breakfast time :)
Yes girl, fun times , fun times lol Rt ": Aww I wish I was in NY 😞"
Last day of classes! I'm excited to see the final projects! Public health campaigns, product launches, etc.
uh oh. Don't like to hear that.
Never try to define love. Once defined love is confined. Once confined -- It dies.
Seeing reactivity to that Scalzi piece stating someone should ask straight, white homeless men abt their privilege. Thing is...
I've always thought Jack Wagner was adorable, but my loyalty is 1,000% with !!! Love you, DD!!! Let's ROCK this!!!
how is that weird?
Can't wait for Des Moines. Had tix in Den AND Omaha got sick & missed both shows! See you front row center in Des Moines!!
Nice Idea! RT : I try and wake up early to have a few moments to myself! Usually helps me throughout the day!
Happy 4th of July every one! Looks like rain here today, but there's always hope that the sun will come out and it will be a nice day!
If you got a DM from me saying that someone was saying stuff about you... delete it... It's a spam don't click the link... Thanks
Is it just me, or does it look like Jonah Hill is choking with that bow tie?
I'm not living if you're not by my side.
you're hair looks nice
And that's what happens when takes my cell phone -__- lol
Your BWAB is driving traffic (15 people!) to my undead blog. Thanks, plp.
do you own a bird or?????
Thank you <333 RT : happy mothers day , enjoy your day . God Bless
Be sure to come by the booth #1503 for a chance to win a $25 gift card & a new #Dell XPS laptop -
Sat. at the Cellar Door Records Doulble CD Release Show! Keith Vance, J Markert, Diamonds & Pearls, Tom Evanchuck! Please RT!
I became enlightened. That's a pain though, if you aren't a monk. People just think you're really depressed.
To hear Billy Joel tell it, he rarely got a satisfying night of sleep.
Its gone be hot af today
Grateful to be joining in today's chat. Giving ourselves the space and room to be imaginative is crucial at any age.
Are there any guides to porting your ConnectedTV applications to Samsung and the BADA framework?
We are still looking for vocalists if anyone is interested!
Check out WWW.therisinghollywood.com for our discount code...
Woah! Who is it?
Lakeville North (Section 1) and Grand Rapids-Greenway (Section 7) earned Class 2A state tournament bids Thursday night.
Is it lunch time yet? I can't take this!!
Nice to hear, Empress. After all, if a land perfect enough to contain an Empress is troubled, what hope is there for ours?
hes too lame to even have a Twitter
I'm in the same spot (also considering Android options). Have no complaints about Blackberry other than potential lack of existence.
Someone tweet me (:
good point
www.risenmagazine.com: Speech of Arrested Development found something worth rapping about and The Hunchback of Notre Dame with a twist
Thoughts, ? RT : BREAKING: Jury finds Virginia Tech negligent for delaying campus warning ahead of '07 mass killings.”
As of today, we've been able to reach 128,433 women & kids for our One in a Million Campaign (one.medicalteams.org)! Thanks for the support!
we think Kyle Kolich started strong. Cross fit profits from the publicity.
... Kidd Kraddick who got the shirt as a gift & put it on his Facebook page. 425,000 followers spread it like crazy. Love it!
No! Thou art not! Sorry, I just saw this! :) I mean, *I* can't drive the whole way next week, and I don't even have kids...
hey thanks for the follow! you should def. check out our music :)
Been having a lot of fun with Instagram the last couple of weeks. Praying—likely in vain—that Zuck doesn't crap all over it.
Just got home from my office, SO TIRED...I need to catch up on your articles, blogs, and will SOON
Mike Richards lights the lamp for #Flyers West!!
like with everything else WoM is best. But video titles that have the right words get the most hits. The title is key.
hahaha can't wait ;) ... Now that everyone saw, may I delete? :)
I'm over here doing exercises just in case I have to do a few party hops tonight after the probate lol . It's been a long time yo
The first biggest mistake is not starting, the second is not continuing, and the third is not celebrating along the way. Today, I begin it.
Back to Curacao three weeks from today <3
So this is how douchebags operate.
"Im allergic in hormones"haha funniest line in the movie #theartofgetingby!
I've not found a source control package that makes my life easier when I'm the only programmer. Maybe I need 2 keep lookn
Thank you! :)
nah. Okc might come out rusty tho. To much rest.
I am in San Diego Ca, Where are you located? DM me for my email, probably easier to write that way lol.
eek let's eat at 7 That's when I get off hehe
Do you have gluten free everyday @ 82nd St location???
had a blast wit u lastnite & still remaining champ Da knockout king AH GOO-NIGHT! GO TO SLEEP n he did ! ;) lmfao
I guess I was spelling your name right lol
Now that I have the day off, what should I do with it? Not used to these kinds of decisions.
agree, comments add nothing to the story. I say let them comment in their own realm. Sad thing is ad model still depends on them
Are the Rangers going to win today?
great! If you're up for it tonight let's meetup once you get settled in, otherwise, maybe plan for lunch or breakfast tomorrow?
They'd just finished 2.5 days of TEI training and LOVED the toolbar.
Thanks for the recent RTs & mentions
If everyone thought before they spoke, the silence would be deafening
Me an ma classmates got shouted at 2day cause our teacher said we're doin maths 4 1hour and we said ah
no. stop.
#iWish my eyes could take pictures.
you tell me i'm cute, yet you call yourself straight? no nigga, you gay .
Yes, if they incorporate creativity into an assignment where Ss display application.
Congrats on making the leap. Beautiful words -- thank you for sharing with us. Looking forward to reading more.
Happy National Waffle Day! Let's celebrate! #2oclocktwittertakeover get your shoutout in!
As many as 10 Bastrop artists lost their homes in the fire. Some lost their life's work, including all their supplies & equipment.
my life would be complete if you followed me<3
Ok we are finally inside the store :)
we're jealous....but we have tickets for tomorrow :)
you were great today. thanks!
Lakers won 16 of the last 18 OT they've been in.
RT : "I can't wait to see my friends' drunken blurry cell phone photo of the Supermoon!" -- Nobody
have a great week.
It's a small thing, but if Netflix is recommending Miss Marple to me in its "Top 10 for Paul" slider, I must be doing something right.
Dog walked, dishes. Errythin did!
When is the best time to hit the blue ridge parkway for the fall leaves. I can never get it right :)!
Every now and then, a guy comes along...and reminds me why I'd rather be single.
i tweet inconsistently: still straightedge
Obviously this dog is far more well off than I am - RT Even this guy has a pass to SXSW. What's your excuse?
Wizard of Oz at Encino Park Elem, SA,TX - What can we say: daughter's in it, helping create stage sets, volunteering - love the theatre!
Friday is finally here and it's supposed to be really nice weather (like near 80!) this weekend! Woohoo I'm excited! Are you?
I'm Really Happy leavening California knowing I made some of my Cousins into Mahomies <3
I love the wind it feels good when its hot outside
hey what time are you and the queen coming in....call me 503-502-4425
stop Apologizing We Good :)
I feel like I am back in the military. Knocking this #WorkOut gettin more done b4 9am then most be # all day
I want to give you the Gas Card. No winner tonight. Saturday's Ten at 10:00 is now $150.
congrats. I'll bet you crushed it.
Wednesday nights are my favorite 
My whole day has been terrible, now it's ending terrible :(
Right... Lol! U ain't been in since Saturday before last Saturday.
Teen Choice hosting tips: Don't tell jokes, just say the names of teen phenomena. Harry Potter! Glee! PLANKING!
Muchas gracias! It was great to be in a room with so many geogurus at #wherecampl. The support was much appreciated!
#6 Your wife's not meant to be your mother Bro, don't expect her to be or treat her like she is! #GodlyBroTips #BroTips Mark 10:7
I wanna know if Kristen is playing with baby Jackson on that plane ride.
Rihanna has a headache
Because, I do not take an offense to what you say does it really make it true? I think not!
Eli Manning is doing a great job on #SNL ;p :o
epic, soon my device will be full of different app/tweak/theme stores with no room for any of the tweaks xD
welcome to twitter friend!
youre good bud
I shall be off to ice-skating alone today! I need to warm-up before I go skate in front of my friends and bust my ass D: Good morning!
cool! congrats!!! back to tv or staying on the collegiate level?
likes when people get applause not just for being a good speaker but for doing good work
Thanks for noticing!
if ur a fan of shake it up follow me ..plez i floow back!!! i am a zswagger!!! need 200 followers plez
This movie battleship STILL hasn't come out yet? I swear I've been seeing previews for this for months and months
What on earth have you been googling??
I'm actually feeling very guilty about leaving right now. I'm sure a cocktail on the deck will help that.
Never be afraid to try something new, because life gets boring when you stay within the limits of what you already know....
Does anybody do #FF #FollowFriday anymore? Well, follow He's hilarious.
I LOVE MILEY CYRUS, ANY PROBLEM!? I DON'T CARE! ;)
Hate to jump in but Braves org said if they had Mo instead of #Yankees theyd won 4 Trophies
Bad day today -.-
Getting ready to go camping ! Finally a break !
No, but I had the Riot Grrrl Online website up and running for a long time. You can still see the oldest website up.
I'll see you guys soon
Pity the same can't be said for the rest of us.
bummer - next time!
Forgot to take a picture, but I bottled a single hop Columbus ipa tonight. So you'll have to take my word. Why would anyone lie about that?
Wish I could go back ☺😏
Raging Waters & Universal's Studios season passes >>>
Yo man...I am listening to your joints on Sound Cloud. You got some new heat I see...
Yeah, but it's a helpless feeling, wondering if you're OK.
Thanks to everyone that came out last. night...... Good times.. Winter Freeze will be the next big party in December!
Too Bynum needs a trim. And how he has so much white hair? He 23 and rich
When You Honestly Could Care Less >
sausage + shrooms + red onion + garlic + ketchup + wrap = harper lunch extraordinaire
did - and replied ;)
Upside of Wroten, Ross, leaving: #UWHuskies might be able to get by with just one basketball per game.
Seeking #Sales leaders in #Detroit #Stamford #Milford #Philadelphia - #software exp pref. -- email resumes to
My prayers and condolences go out 2 Sean Kingston and his family
Good Morning xx
1 more illustration to go for my second children's book (and some tweaks) Anxious to see it printed in April.
too late I'm at school but that would come in clutch lmao I'm hungry af
- They should concentrate on what's important for the children than trying to Race to the Top for grants.
Q: when? A: March 24th, 8:30am registration begins. Welcome at 9am.
Per , next-gen app devs don't care about infrastructure; writing to #cloud platforms. PK: app infra still needs thinking through!
promote me get me more followers
Today was the best, can't complain. 
Heading to to absorb the loss with some good drinks and food.
Listening to music, hbu? :)
Thank you!
But if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue
And with that...the #bucks season and playoff chances are done. The #knicks scored the final six...to "deep six" Milwaukee
CODY I LOVE U PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND I WILL BE SO HAPPY I SAW U AT PAC FAIR:) hehehhe
some fans who like to be creepers...
Got an exciting e-mail from last wk that music is coming to my inbox soon! So proud to be one of his Kickstarter backers! :)
but wonderful to see the expansion and growth!!! evolution is the name of the game...always be open to evolve!!!
but what if you legitimately have money, but don't like walking around like a walking lick.
Taking an exam to work p/t for the census bureau today... Quite the process! Can't wait to get out in the sun...
Already tried that :/. several times actually.
Yahoo our lil burtercup came home late last night :-)
Is your acct still open? We got ours closed so have tried to register new accts. Still pending..... BC might not let us?
one time I thought I was pregnant, turns out it was just a really bad yeast infection
Welcome our newest cougar! RT Really excited to be going to #USF next fall!
When you don't know what God is saying, go back to what God has said.
So sad it's the last day of spring break :(
Working my way throughout the Ender Saga by This week it's Enser's Shadow.
Ha...I wish....more like old age!
everything is changing...
We're thinking of you, Marsi!
Busy weekend ahead! Board of Trustees Meeting, Honors Convocation, Dinner with 12 Panthers, Alumni Board Meeting and Pink the Pete!
DON,T FORGET WHO U ARE WHEN U LEAVE THE MIRROR Hm
congrats lady!
Supper: grilled cheese with bacon on.the panini maker. Yum.
what is hash exactly?
Just blinking across the top....occasionally stop with one light
Human dignity and freedom not measured by western standards and metrics. - #ideation12 Agreed! Let's move 4rm cultural imperialism
Just finished meeting with Pastor Darius Pridgen of True Bethel Baptist, one of the most dynamic and progressive pastors in Buffalo
Good morning twitterverse!
Fiona Apple's new CD - The Idler Wheel Is Wiser Than The Driver Of The Screw, And Whipping Cords Will Serve You More Than Ropes Will Ever Do
Good morning!
I need a vacation lets go!!✌
I figured that might chime in b4 me. I'm a bit more forgiving. I expect the no-auto rule will take years 2 sink in.
Bill Clinton
Speaking of which, how has nobody mention THE DENTIST?
Late at Elate - Late Night Menu - organic bottle service and cocktail list - Live DJ & Jazz musicians playing 9:30p-1:00a
LOL...yes, plus-size women come in handy! We tryna feed yo' skinny ass!! :-)
Glitch (again). I originally said to get 10 airs, but then changed it to not be SLA budget-specific.
Your magic is rising, you asked us to watch you and we are!!Lovin the news and hope you are feeling the love.
Thanks Good show. Great laughs.
Feeling like a productive day today! Snows melting away, the sun is out (sort of??), got my Bauhaus coffee and I'm ready to go!
will u please just come back 2 buffalo? T O's was my favorite cereal. id like to see another blowout this week. need an agent?
Countdown to the opening of "Can You Walk Away?" is 1 day! Did you know domestic pimps target girls as young as 12?
Thanks Kassy! Unfortunately, and its apparent now, the chick's a prima donna. Being humble will get you a long way.
Black Crowes...underrated or just wrong decade?
Im so fucking hungry.
The first meeting of the Economic Development & Strategies Committee was a huge success. Lots more to do to help grow San Diego's economy.
#Iknowafamousperson CONGRATS AGAIN I still can't get over how cool that is.
My bf is going to be really excited when I tell him that the hour-long Taylor Swift special I watched last night was only part one of three!
This footage is from 1965
Totally agree. Jack Stack's creamed corn and burnt ends is hard to beat.
ok tweeps its been a long day so we are out for the night! be back 2moro for more fun and remember start hashing!!
I hope everyone is having a happy Sunday! Only 95 more day for my book...to come out! ~Love you all
it's a #Team effort but # Ten is why we didn't Win. #Two crucial Turnovers!!!
I love u and please pleas follow me:)
It's a kinda night. I love this album.
“: S/o to the biggest boozer I know. Follow for ridiculous drunken tweets!!” I do like to get drunk.
As much as I love my 62 bath and body works hand sanitizers, I realize how it doesn't work....
com? I'm going to try and start selling some of my comics and want to know if this is a good place to do so
RT : A5 Be a business first !!! Surround yourself with people who believe in you, and business people with experience.
Important question on #newbeans stream: how do you know your work is resonating? #loyaltyweek So important for the patron experience!
I admit I am more than slightly tempted to go to Chicago to do #dreamforce again, and just to see Chicago in general.
I don't think so.lol I'm scared of the outcome of he did.LOL
did so good :') those judges are insane!
Happy Holidays to All!
love your blog!
you tell him sealver
Sorry to hear that; happened to me a few years back - HSBC was fast & great, but felt very invasive
What would you do for a Klondike bar? ;D
I was 2 days late & those assholes upped my interest to 25.99% they said new law doesn't apply to business credit cards, they're all crooks!
One of my BEST friends is coming back to school tomorrow, thats the ONLY thing i'm looking forward to
The moment when you realize your coffee is too cold to drink....
hey guys, plz follow u will get lots of updates on everything possible just ask! xx lol xx babe
I know. Or Lambeau on a football Sunday w/75k trying to use their smartphones.
RT : "All Superstars believe they are going to be successful" BillyCox
it meant so much to me &it won't upload I'm so upset I'm crying &no one is awake to upload it for me!
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas with family and friends...............Just wish someone else would shovel the snow.
last min pop-up at the echo park farmers market logan and sunset blvd now until 7ish
Heading over to City Hall with the GTWT girls for a Community Forum on Redistricting, keeping our youth informed!
Ill be there too! Laughstock twenty twelve.
: im not tired
my seattle sweater just arrived in the mail cant wait to wear it
so what's the likelihood Meyer makes an official announcement tomm or Monday?
Dear any girl with an ex, STOP updating every status about some nigga that did you wrong and move on
what is that??
The only thing that matters to me about the World Series is that the Yankees lose. So this is a great World Series!
Just had a sweet,sweet bath,and ate Villalobos burritos!Spain has to wait a month,or two!
Ah we will all get used to it just like we have all the other changes....
RT : Terrible call. DeJesus was knocked off 2nd by Beckham.
time to get up and go get it you know WE don't sleep!!!!
Good Luck! You'll do great!! :)
Did you know love has no definition....
Script for episode 3 is on lock!!! Just need to secure a location and shooting can begin!! thisdaysucks.net
Today has just not been a good day between us! :/ : I know!
lol! It looks like it started two weeks ago.. How I missed it I don't know!
Jam packed meeting; a lot of changes facing higher ed and libraries; possibly some gnashing of teeth (on my own part)
Biggest media companies today do not produce their own content (Facebook, Twitter, Google)
If I took you home, it'd be a home run.
Hey Samson Peeps, do you manufacture your bicycle parts locally to Denver?
I'm not a hater
It's official. I'm signed up for the Eagle Creek Sprint.
do it! Then maybe she'll give you Greyson's number then you could give it to me XD
Camel caretaker...
Well the interstate bridge is completely stopped. This is fun.
that's how it feels like for me every time I go home! Weird huh.
ROFL Jersey Floor ftw
RT WORD! Good advice! RT Tell one story and tell it well, rather than trying to cover all the bases
hey eugene! do you know if there's a #kony12 video with Spanish subtitles?
#1omf is something serious..
I am high on humor. Producer Bill humor. ;)
Spend #FirstNightAkron with us at 8-10. We're encoring animation fest winner Luminaris + Akron-area docs from Mika Johnson.
So I hate when ppl live in the past.... Just because the last person hurt doesn't that the next one will...... Get out your comfort zone!!
Baltimore Community HS's Justin Eames will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow. Congratulations!
How dare you. Chumbawumba is my jam. I'm an expert in Ska.
Wasting 20 minutes of free wifi on East Coast train to London. Now they have me on the hook....
“ Ready for Jamaica”< Take me
American Idol is past tense' on its way out. Why don't they call it what it is? Karaoke at best! I'll stick with the Voice
Relaxing to OFWGKTA be jealous ;)
Thanks bro - you thuh man -
": Woohoo!!! Got prolly the biggest interview of my life up to this point after work today! Wish me luck!"Good luck,I hope you get it
Reservations are required for the dinner, please call 503.693.8452.
Of course.
LOL #FarmersOnly.com For Country Folks only (meet the Farmer of your dreams) City folk just wouldn't understand.
Anyone have recommendations for nice quality printed magnets (my design)? Thanks in advance :)
i came in The SSC to do my work..&& every since i walked in robby && his friends been making me laugh...
Did you see "The Help?" That was a mere 50 years ago. We have come a long way
Footloose, suddenly everyone at the end of the movie can dance
So proud of my VCU Rams bball team. Final 32 is great for a rebuilding year after losing 4 of 5 starters from the Final Four Team.
might be hard to get em this time of year but I'm
You did a fanstastic job you are awesome&i love the song!(: GREAT SINGER!!
Was involved with when I was at CU 02-06. Big fan of the Twitter feed. Keep up the great work promoting our great school!
Good win for ! I'm sure this is just the first of many victories.
is a surprisingly uninteresting Twitterer
Great job!
Finally finished voting today for ALA/YALSA/AASL elections. It was fun to get to vote for so many people I know!
this shit sucks
#kobebryant literally going to have his best year ever. Did you see that focus yesterday!??! And it's training camp!!!
$avings on Catering www,patrickscatering.com
I've been talking to him for a really long time, and we've gotten REALLY close. I really like him, but he lives 2 hours away.
I wonder who my students are thinking about as their political hero or hack for today. I predict at least one #stpattysday theme.
Former PennSt. player supporting team at next game: "It's for the kids that have to go out there on Saturday." What a piece of shit scumbag.
You ever talkin to your former flyer teammates
Letting Loose All Summer..
A2: Utilizing locally sourced foods not only creates the brightest flavors but allows us to support our community as well!
Everyday there are changes here at Watts. Some I can't talk about just yet, but we're so excited that I can't help but leak tidbits :)
Flirt: A woman who thinks it's every man for herself
fun playing w/ u today on 1st feature tbl. Was 3 to ur right at start. Would love to chat pkr biz opp: msg or .
pa shout out & pa follow back... tnx!!!!!
I fundamentally disagree with his arguments, but Paul Clement is undoubtedly a very talented appellate advocate.
and Ariel, but he never shows up to practices or games lol
I think that's true for everyone - but it can be encouraging! It means you can do something about it :)
#hungergames : good, but don't think it lived up to the hype
Thank you! Titles I wished I'd taken: > . I WORE THE OCEAN IN THE SHAPE OF A GIRL by
I just caught myself body pumping while watching America's best dance crew. In no way is that embarrassing.
Was wondering what the tip comment meant. Just saw the hacker tweet to you. Ridiculous. Wonder what else they sent...
We've come to the end of our first #adaptivechat. Thanks to our gracious moderator, , and of course all who participated!
Well I Just finished playing with my stick. Man That was the biggest stick I have ever seen fall of a tree ;3
Coachella GA tickets for the first weekend....gone!
its so weird! I hurt them at different times!!!
#DistractionoftheDay - the photo of that posted earlier
Who else made a new years resolution to loose weight for 2010? See how you can free. www.gotriunity.info
My biggest pet peave is when someone refers or insinuates they think I am a kid, nononoooooo talk to me really, I'm just reserved
Article Marketing Automation
Damn..he basically missed the free throw that ended they season
I'm so going!
What I think is weird is that she was a full lesbian, before meeting me, she said I made her feel different and she did not care if I was bi
Perish the thought! I'm wearing big girl pants and shoes for the 1st time in 10 years! Mostly no jeans and def. no flip flops.
Hey how is everyone doing? We want to rock out for all of you very soon!
twitter is a bad venue for this conversation.
I'm following you bitches! X
The Celtics still have the best uniform in all of sports.
Please note the new fall/winter hours is now open at noon on weekends.
So i'm just walking around in bikini bottoms and a hoodie. YO TO THE MOTHER FUCKIN LO.
want to join us at the Ram in Kent this afternoon?
You can't be the best even if you got rid of me, riddle me this, how many rappers gonna exist?
We do use butter in our rice, but for our vegan patrons we are more than happy to plain boil our Basmati rice!
guess that put an end to that conversation, lol. ;)
Not this season. We aren't allowed to pop the canopies until the morning. Pros and cons of the new reserved spot rules.
I guess we count as the US Directioners...
Master of the House is one of them.
Heads up! If you aspire to build a coworking space and want to visit, let me know! I want more of us to exist and more of us to do it right!
Oct 14th I'm calling it
CDL Truck Driver Jobs CR England Trucking is Hiring! No Experience Necessary
Up and at em at 5am. Time for the airport....
There are certain moments when dealing with the general public where I just want to say... "I'M SORRY... BUT I DON'T SPEAK RETARD!!!"
i'd crawl but ya know.. i can fly
pls follow me:D
too much rain too fast. my yard is flooded.
I'm late but imy to doll Rt : Random memory... Chili's with and was fun...I miss them
Thankful Thursday: What is something good you have today that you did not have last year at this time? Be thankful this Thursday!
I LOVE YOU
Had to be real.
I wonder how long til someone beats our galage score at #drupalcon ?
Love Life Live Strong!!!!
ok mines 5405894050
We had a great JJO concert last night! Wonderful tribute to Gerry Mulligan with special guest Gary Smulyan!
Sometimes I feel like I'm spiraling down the rabbit hole and there's nothing to slow me down.
by sheer coincidence, my favorite photographer is having a show in Amsterdam while i will be there! #whodoithankforthis?
Thanks to for tweeting about us. much love from Kayuh Bicycles.
Baby That's somethin' that just don't happen twice
U dont knooooo any shit about us !!!!believe me :D
Here we go Robbie Ross
"My pussy on his mind like fitted cap"... you stupid for that one Mama! Love you word all day Kimmy!!
1 second away from 1st, 2nds not that bad though. :/
what did you do.
In my room listening to my new iTunes purchase #PutItDown by and eating some tacos. Life is so great.
hey to each his own opinion then.
RT : Put your money where your house is. Support local independent businesses. Keep your $$ in your community.
lol! Yes. She butt dials every time she passes gas, which is often!
No!! This nigga phone CAN'T be dead right now! Smh.
You inspire me!
HAPPY THURSDAY FRIENDS!!!
Thanks Jen! :) But you are too!!!
I hate when you wanna do things that I don't want to .
Wikipedia is "right" more than you give it credit.
Is Juxta easy or hard to use?
This shit right here nigga.... #KattWilliams This that death
Why isn't Oktoberfest in October?
what happend to your last acct?
THAT'S SO BAD! Kick them back!
Mc. Gee is schooling Bynum out there,I thought Bynum was the all pro.?
1st through 10th star of this game is Fleury.
oh no! Cut it out and hope she doesn't notice.
hi thank you to follow me, I like what you do especially traveling
Missing the kids and fun at the Lab!
Body wraps coming soon.... Stay tuned for details.
They don't announce the winner for another half hour.
she's pretty huh?
Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us;they are essential to really keep us alive
just got a sneak peek of your "Where are they now?" interview with for #300theFenway. Very honest and inspiring!
Don't spend your money on skype we do da same for free personal calls, conferense call , buseness call , group meetings.check out Echatepaca
glad u like it! Ill post more. I took a lot of pics but most are blurry. I had so much fun :)
Lori Pfginst giving an overview on cuts in state budget.
swear I miss my sis even though she be gettin on my last nerves... #LoveTweet/MissedTweet
Blessed to have you a part of the #Jags!!! Check out and hope to see you soon. Be blessed!!!
. Just caught some lady giving me the ugliest face . #whatTheFuckDidIDo ?
enjoy the walk. Leaving northwestern now. Chat with u in the am
Anyone in New Orleans today?! Happy Thanksgiving! I'm thankful for my family, my friends, my business, my health... I could go on and on!
yea ok
thanks J xx
just thinking of watching movie or something at my place on sat. No biggies if you have plans.
i love how eminem in 8 mile acts like its nothing that he got jumped
I just heard 's new song. It's totally my theme song!
Offshore getting paid 24hrs smh can't get no better then dis
thanks for the play. You rock! It was great to hear!
things are getting better. Personally I have more work today than in the last two years.
Hey Lebron, you should take your talents to Hollywood. Your acting career would probably flourish better there
Can't wait to get u drunk at juicy babe. Am I get a table ready for u !
#CorporateGreed brought to you by Walmart. 24 million dollars for Bribes no raise for me . Thanks Walmart! follow rt
Lennon's Working Class Hero followed by Jackson Five's ABC... I in love with 500 greatest song list!! (dancing & spinning)
I'm sorry /: its just, I thought you died :o
Student success is everyone's job - not just #deved faculty. High rates of failure even among "college ready" students
Sleepless nights<<
Any ppl going to be up in Boston this wknd? We'd love to invite you to our performance of Handel's Jephtha. DM us for tickets.
doing well! Are you doing anything to celebrate today?
"The note was sent to me/ castles made of sand/ fall in the sea eventually "
But if you are on the beach this weekend, the chances are pretty good that you'll be getting married. so....
Mitch you and Paulie hated on him from the start. Sorry but you missed the boat on this one. He's the real deal.
Having difficulty retrieving much needed footage to begin editing my doc, the files do not show up when I try to import, any help?
Thank you SO much for the opportunity Frederique! BIG HUGS ;p RT : Hi Michele, Thank you for sharing your...
Had fun with William and DJ today
Romney calls on Newt to release all tapes from his cameo 'family values' appearances on The Bachelor.
how the hell bra lol i stay by KOD text ma phone ima send u my #
Working with my Dad, A brilliant Mechanical engineer, on on one of those" Damn why didn't I think of that" projects. #Keepingthedream alive.
Show this tweet to the manager, Mark, today and receive one free house wine or well cocktail.
I have. Yes. Practice key. Get materials translated beforehand. Get input from translator about concepts.
Report Car time...
Great day today thanks to King of Kombat, Floyd's 99 Barbershop, Kegerator.com, Giant Media, and Homestead Suites. Thanks guys!
Gabriel and Baker have retracted and/or denied saying it was for sure... Donovan has waffled again
my friend is wondering about gardening/plant growing data do you have any good & open ones in mind? //cc
#notacatperson ": I want an ext℮nsion for my browser that filters out pictures of cats"
talks #afrofuturism "B/c we have not been the writers of our past, we are strong stakeholders in our future's story"
It is so quiet in the office today.
In the end everyone ends up alone, losing her the only one whos ever known who I am who Im not, who I wanna be
bf is best friend by the way :)
Holy hell its on!! Recording the first Micro show!
Please open the LASER ACCURACY! Laser Pointer Store
thanks pa ;)
i love you too!<3
I agree w this! :) cool 4 sharing!
I had Hot Wing Ravioli, mom PastaPrimavera, G/F PastaPrimavera with chicken, dad SpaghettiandMeatball. All very good!
Pretty excited to hear speak tonight at Chicago Theological Seminary.
Making cookies for tonight's stitch-n-bitch. Step 1: open box of frozen dough...
going to be in Napa next week...anyone want to meet up for a glass of wine Friday 24th?
an add for IE? HA. NO FUCKING WAY will I use IE again. EVER.
Did you know I was a test tube baby? I had a woom with a view.
Wednesday Wisdom: “To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.” - Buddha
The people who Twitter has decided are "similar to" me are three of my favorite people in the world
it's not that hard, you'll get used to it:) haha, just keep pressing the big buttons! :)
how's Marcus? Try any new coffee lately?
What have you been able to create in your life?
much better :) Good luck!
Yes Im In Chicago, ILL....
If your going to be two faced at least make O N E of them pretty .
Ready for the Scottish eps~!? I know I am~!
I don't apologize . So, it was nice knowing you .
RT : Great idea - call for submissions for the FB masthead image? Engage those users, keep it real
It's open mic night tonight! Prepare to be entertained! Or prepare a song to sing!
The old has gone, the new has come.
that's ok another day for sure :)
Now what??
Today til close we will be offering 12% off the entire store as part of the "12 Days of Andaluz".
I swear, if I end this day without stranglin' a bitch, it will be a miracle.
#Imissyouterribly and I can't wait till tomorrow when i get to kiss you!
you have a motorcycle?
I think top-10 end-of-year lists are silly. And yet read them voraciously.
Breaking from the norm - sincere sympathies go out to family of Amy Winehouse who was found dead in her apt this morning. She was only 27!
Wish I had some secret supper leftovers for breakfast!
O....people.....just gotta keep smiling, it'll be okay...
i need a camera
Thanks, ZippyG. "We are GO for Auto-Sequence Start."
I'm spending the day enjoying Oren Izenberg's Being Numerous.
What a dummy.
Any recommended good reads on Obama's announcement today?
“: I say come to Indy Taryn!” <-well then, Indy it is! Looking forward 2 it n happy u r speaking there!
yeah, I suspect we'll be seeing a talent drain from parents avoiding pop warner in a decade or so
Hi Hi how did your Hebrew Studies class pan out? Did you absolutely love it?!
Happy Mother's Day to my mommy. Special love & prays to my grandmas; miss you every day. Happy Mother's Day to all the moms on twitter
hey dude really? I did not know ur friends harassed? I have the right 2 share my opinions just like you do.
Terrific visits through Crittenden and Caldwell counties...big crowd for lunch at the home of great friends Judge and Mrs Tommy Chandler.
Digital publishing will use data not only to drive engagement but also to determine what content to publish - The future of 2.0 data.
I met BBop on Craigslist.
Making the turn at +1. Haven't practiced but for playing a few times this year.
I damn near am your father...havin to worry bout you and look out for you and shit lol
I THOUGHT THAT WENT IN...
Donahue punts 38 yards. Ball downed by #Lions at the #Chiefs 33 yards.
So I spotted u in the premiere issue of & was beyond stoked :D Much <3
RT: Love the smell of opening a new box of swisha sweets grape!
Just got home from V-Day Sacramento's production of the Vagina Monologues - packed house at the Crest! Great show.
Are you coming to tonight?
Second breakdown this month .. shit has to change .
awl, you are too cute!!
Goodnite tweeters. Sweet dreams
LETS GO KNICKS
Soup's on! Chili, Broccoli Cheddar, Creamy Chicken Vegetable and Baja! Come over!
a lot of people said I am me could have won with her
#EBUS118 They look good on my end.
Me too! I feel like I have cool friends already! :)
not an I-N-O fan but ill get burgers w u guys anyway!
Now that you mention it, I can definitely see the resemblance. :)
Jesus wins. We lose. Seasons over. Someone sweep the leg on Christmas so at least we can snap The #Packers streak.
not for logic right? Lol
love these photo lineups
This is a very fun season of #DocMartin. We are happy you're enjoying it. Thanks for the feedback! Keep it coming. ^LG
Are you going on the party bus?
It's a third-pot-of-coffee kind of day here , apparently.
it's not a strat actually, I won it at Six Flags
All #TerraNova fans need to tune in to #Fringe this Friday!!!
Many thanks, Michael.
I haven't been on Twitter for hours, but no LD on #USMNT?
Gloomy mothers day but it was AMAZING!!!
"yeah your partner got away, but now he vegetable-like. So I sent his mom and dad a whole case of V8"
First the cookies, and now THIS?!!
PLEASE Padres! DUMP Owings. He is totally worthless even in a mop up role. Let one of the promising kids gain experience filling that role
Survived the back to school block party. Didn't even have to climb onto inflatable obstacle course to retrieve crying child this time.
It caught me last year. Missed yesterday and am watching both tomorrow.
Happy Easter weekend :)
Last day of 30% off on bitchimfrom.com
Acidic Swamp Band live show starts in 30 minutes at Beach Hut Deli, Davis CA!
I appreciate that! #Radio # Entertainterment #Internet #jazz #DJ's
Was just thinking the same thing. RT Hockey so much more exciting when its 4 on 4..
They could charge $20 a sandwich and it would be worth it.
Snooki's baby, Rebecca Black's new album, and a Megan Fox movie are all due on Dec 21, 2012. The Mayans were right!
You hatched from your Twitter Egg!
Were all those things he told me were lies ?
don't be scared. tweet away!
yep Kim was asking who the rockstars on youtube are and you're definitely one! happy (belated) mother's day to you! :)
I just left an awesome umbrella on my desk and walked out into pouring rain...
RT Unless something else brewing, Brian Hartline now number 1 receiver in Miami. Defenses will put 11 in the box!
In awl right now!
I'll be right there. I want to join the bisexual club RT : Someone come visit me in my room
Amazing! Send us pics! ; )
workflow is an application
UPDATE: The results are in, with the SCVNGR team winning 4 of the 7 games played but HubSpot prevailing during the final round
Thanks for the follow !
GM #follow this group of dynamic women and stay udated with the latest is #Atlanta. #nowfollowing them you should too!!!
. love your coffee & espresso!
Wish I could tell you why I'm so happy right now but I think the beer has something too do with it. Potential... giddy.
Does anyone want to come see the lindenhurst play with me???
They have the ugliest kits in the peloton. Just saying. Brown, really?
Watching, Red Mist.. You're awesome in everything you've ever been in. Just saying'. :)
I Want A Milkshake :/
Whether you gave for love of books, public space, or simply the great city of New York, we are floored by your support. Uni is Kickstarted.
RT listening to bro giving us nutrition and diet lesson <3 love you bro
i REALLY wish there was an eBook service similar to Spotify. anyone know of one?
Hope nobody got hurt at the Miller Compressing fire.
I ended up not speaking, Betrayal! but it's cool gives me time to work on me holding my ear and tunning up with the organ lolol
look what's trending ;) I LOVE YOU
LOCEA is the Legislative Oversight Commission on Education Accountability
Just checked new BIW user stats. Between January and June '11 we've added 10,651 unique new users at an average of 410 per week.
Carl Jung warned about the danger of "one-sidedness." How true for #leaders in organizations and in their personal lives as well!
RT : "Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. " ~Einstein
Ohh *wipes forehead* lmfao I was about to say o.o
Wrong. Exactly the opposite.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: $12 Lg Pizzas any toppings..WOW! 414-762-8866
please follow back?!
After it came out Dennis Miller said they were already working on #6. "They're calling it Star Trek 6: The Apology."
GOOD MORNING. HOW IS EVERYBODY? AWESOME HOPEFULLY.
silly tumblr and its feminist posts
3.5 loads later, I am done washing and putting away all these baby clothes!
ugh like i'm officially salty now lol
Hey thanks for the follow! be sure to check us out on Facebook too! Help spread the word about JADED! :)
I just found out that Brian Lamb is retiring from . What a hero he is. Thank you for your service, Mr. Lamb!
I bet your hair looked real nice tho. :)
idk how the wasp could figure out who her husband was if cap hawkeye and Pym walked around the mansion in civilian clothes
im trying duude!!! cause i really do wanna come see ya soon!
Too Live
i knew itd be btween Dani and Jeff but knew Jeff would win cause he has a lot of crazy fans that do anything to vote lol
"That's what" - She
Two tons of soiled adult diapers and a couple of dead cats and you're golden.
Ernie Lorch died today?? Wow. Certainly both a major and controversial figure in the history of NYC basketball.
How do you get away with the things you say on Family Guy? Lol
What is the current best practice to detect and redirect users on mobile browsers to a different version of your site?
"Piano Man" revelation: Paul (the real-estate novelist who "never had time for a wife") and Davy (in the navy for life) are gay together.
So stoked to work with you guys! A Burgh event not to miss... I'll be dropping mola on vintage items July 29
Some redneck just said America has never lost a war. Some stereotypes are there for a reason.
its supposed to rain then clear up...its gonna be like 80 something degrees today
This bitch.
With Attending screening of Bridesmaids with talk back incl:Kristin Wiig, Maya Rudolph, , Melissa McCarthy & others!
A very special #FF and thanks to ! Anyone reading this should follow 'em. Do it!
Thanks. Just having fun while on radio . They say I have a face for it
studio wif working on amazing records
Register as a user on gameESC.com - it's quick, easy AND you'll be eligible for future contests - like free games and gadgets!
OMG! That's you?! Just heard about it on FB! Congrats!!
lol yes me shocked too!
I've read it 17 times now lol now I have a paper on the feminine mistique
what is you best advice for a recent college grad on finding a good job in PR?
Thank you everyone for a beautiful day.
It is a great photo. Only a few miles from my home.
is anyone famous followin u
Thank u for following back !
Everybody worships. The only choice we get is what to worship.
A real man doesn't love a million girls, he loves one girl in million ways.
Thank you ma'm. I'm honored.
Scuba diving this afternoon and filming the whole underwater experience. This is going to be FUN!
I loved the easy usage of your site, it's clean/clear yet still fun/interesting. I liked the geek speak pic :) the paper
Yepp! We're still celebrating #Braunamania! Happy Hour Special all night! $5 small plates, $2 domestics, $3 imports, $5 specialty martinis!
working on a paper
Sing to me hahah
I don't see it much. Admittedly I forget, but when I do watch it's pretty good. :)
If you can't afford to tip your server then you (insert your favorite plural race here) shouldn't go out to eat.
Kate Hudson and Sarah Jessica Parker will be guest starring on Glee next season. Does anyone care about Glee anymore?
Gotta love base running and his speed!!!
Good ol' straight-forward rock and roll
And your cry baby whiny-assed opinion would be...?
I'm 2 cups of coffee & a shot of espresso in & it's not yet noon...
They are so beautiful! :) Great work! I wish I could have a garden like that, I kill EVERYTHING- even plastic plants lol
RT : I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success. — Jack Welch
Finally watched breaking bad tonight, SEMI-SPOILER ALERT....that murder was some repugnant shit
My knee still hurts. Really...
Suck it.
my btw i made a twitter for it too :P
Hatred paralyzes life; love relieves it. Hate confuses life; love synchronizes it. Hate darkens life; love illuminates it.
Anyone who hasnt seen "No country for old men" its on AMC in 5 min. Great Movie!
The option doesn't look so dumb now does it?
People want to be like Bill Gates to be the richest person in the world. People want to be like Steve Jobs to change the world.
Thanks for the tweet, Adam!
I don't remember exactly, but I think it's sometime in June. Good luck. Hope you guys get regular season games only!
yes Dr.. why reduction..wanting bigger here now breasts as i change more femme
The milk & cookies I had 
my friends own the puffer fish that was in the fish tank in that house. They got it after the show was done filming.
As opposed to a large creature seen from a distance that may have been a horse or cow.
Pretty quiet in the Park right now but all is ready for tomorrow's Colfax Marathon!
Love it! :) Thanks so much!
Yes it will. RT : That TD is going to break twitter.
Obsessing over someone really cute that you don't even know at the store
has never hated LA traffic more than I do right now.
Going to a crawfish boil today! You wouldn't recognize me.
#RVA #AmzgRz #VCNVA Donate to Virginia Conservation Network. Double your dollars!
Anyone else watch Smash last night? There was a tea drawer, tea offered and music. I could get used to this!
I suspect that my bookie is a huge fan of Brandon League.
Sometimes good people do bad things
looks awesome.
If anybody can handle a controversial role with dignity, class, & true acting chops, its you! Good luck in your meeting!
Kids are so funny!!
straight up hater lol
Thanks for the tip! Looks like it's time for me to set up some RSS feeds...
Come visit me while I man the desk at Champion Contemporary (8th and Brazos) until 6:00 today!
is your show a reality show?
spending all day on twitter because you don't wanna miss anything austin does.
Just had lunch at Mannas in Harlem and I'm full!
RE: : gotta love that girl... hahahahahahahahahaha and her car issues.....
Has Anybody Ever Beat Labisan In One On One?
Why does make these #MadMen previews so awkwardly vague?
lost it and now im sad
Yes! During your trip to Baltimore( which we need to plan) we can talk about which games. I'm thinking the giants is a must
aww..I like to follow all different people. It doesn't matter what teams we like, that is only a small part of us.:-) luv Canada
Purchased tickets for Springsteen in DC on Sept.14. Woohoo!!
do women's shelters accept donations of hair/beauty products that are partly used? I have so many things I just don't need...
Thanks for the new followers! Please RT to get more ppl involved w/ a great org!
Today is just not my fucking day
Just ordered my graduation invites!!!
i know ... im with you on that ... was really kidding. I still have one of those and it doesn't always help.
Is it possible for Theo to eat the one he just signed himself and go back to Beantown where he belongs?
Tomorrow is last day of classes for seniors....will miss many of them...
Game 4 in San Antonio #Spurs vs
OMG THANKS ^_^
So much fun to wake up this morning and see people's #favoritewords :D
I <3 each and every one of you guys! i just want you to all know that! <333 (:
Hm what should Aaron eat tonight??
RIP Jim Marshall
Just don't "Dance" with Mr bojangles in between turn 3 and 4
Can't wear skinny jeans cuz my knots don't fit
And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who would attempt to poison and destroy my brothers.
Don't fault you for it at all. :) You should read the daily #feedback #godaddy gets though -- even from other designers.
Just seen «« looking cambells m m good
chris that's for this chatroom I have on facebook
I hate whn niggas call my phne n start argument wit me bc u asked me was I comin 2 c u n I said no messing up my day
Wats up? Havent talked to you in a while..
Oh okay then...
We talk so abstractly about poetry, because we are all bad poets. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
Reality check: NCUC co-founder reminds #ICANN Whois Reveiw Team that whois data is about surveillance of users and not consumer protection.
About time that Zimmerman got arrested and charged... now hopefully justice will be served.
how was your day ?(:
UH i think the whole of england is here in the US .....now i just need some up in here
My travels have taken me through TN, MS, KY, GA and WV. Anthony Bourdain couldn't have done it better. Headed home
really hates when someone tells you one thing, then treats you completely differently
He didn't *grin* the Xbox copy is for the Clan Leader bwahhhaaaa
thanks for the suggestion! We'll keep it in mind for next #musicmonday!
5 minutes into an interview call and you think .. this dude is awesome! How often does that happen?
Kaya Henderson, Chancellor of DCPS, is now up for the budget testimony
Thanks for the follow! and I'll be seeing you soon. I've never been, but it's going to happen this week.
"Is it weird that I miss your dick?"
most def. I almost shutter'off. Strange indeed.
Happy to help. Any particular questions you have? We could also put these out to our Twitter network.
I want to send fan mail. Buut, I dunno the address. :(
Peralta almost knocks Millwood's belly off
get the cool one while you still can!
I like
Though the key word there is probably "idly" :)
Work forced me into that CO - SF move in 2008 and I said no. Suffered for a bit because of it, but no regrets.
I upgraded 2 phones yesterday. One took 45 min the other over 2 hours, almost all backup time :(
Was reading Hal Foster's "Against Pluralism" essay this morning. I quit painting and then started again all in the space of a couple pages.
The school has been helped by several neighbors with clothes and toys donations. I want to thank All who has been helping us.
Tides Foundation linked to ACORN scandal. Tides specializes in funneling money to left extremists with complete anonimity. What a surprise
Just woke up....
I have no real good reason to be mad, but I will be mad, because fuck you.
Gracie Breakdown Addresses Safety Issues After ‘Boy Chokes His Cousin to Death with Rear Naked Choke’ - watch this if your kids like to wre…
Women who tend to scratch thier partners back w/thier old crusty feet "Rebel" My Ped/Pal Foot scrubbs will have yor feet doin the sexy dance
Good morning. Weather's so nice, driving back to Jacksonville today. #fucking love it!
any good artists your promoting?
big S/O to my Bestie Happy 24th Love you see tomorrow!!!!
Should I curl my hair or?
ha! I was kinda just going for a "Pj is evil" joke, but didn't realize the other implications. That would be more apropos on my bday.
A day that begins & ends with ladies playing electric violins. Rare.
damn. i made some weak assed coffee this morning.
Tero Karppi on how affect is transformed into economic value via Facebook. Facebook's creation of "an infrastructure of affect"
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
WARNING: WHAT YOU ARE ABOUT TO SEE IS PROFANE AND RACIALMichael Richards exploded in anger as he performed at a famous L
Misse having on Glee… glad he's back. :D <3
girls with boyfriends are stupid. girls with boyfriends that are with me are cool.
and I always have the best lunches
why is that?curious as to why u say that.
lmfaooo jk u know i would go !
u got it!
Gardens in Pensacola Country Club area and Marcus Pointe to be featured in ... - Pensacola News Journal
Unexpected fun to hear Scott & Todd w Kelly Ripa discussing #downtonpbs today.
Ah, the smart person fantasy... RT BRILLIANT sketch on SNL called "Comments Section."
haha, well it goes like this: pornstar gets RT'd into my timeline who mentioned the fleshlight account, I click, BAM.
In case you haven't heard, Peter Bondra's son, David, has officially committed to Michigan State to play hockey. Congrats, Bonzai, Jr.
i love you 2
the 2nd one was perfect and this one is over my head. 2/2
Future of library profession: change & adaptability. "For the future with a future"
Goodbye AT&T! RIP! I can use the 4G network to tether from my G2 to my laptop for internet and also access Xbox Live
Yeah, it's going to be really confusing.
It's all an illusion
Taking it back tonight with my girl #BRINGitON! :D
actually, I have no response. Would this work? "Come volunteer and find out who 'those people' are." Former neighbors.
forever drunk
Eminently true: RT Once again, beer is looking better than anything medical science can offer.
For what it's worth, darling dear, I wish you were here cause I feel alone..
shout out to all the niggaz with no legs watchin'
thought I got a text and was like, whoa who's Alarm? omg
Marlins Park looks pretty blah. Wtf?
she goes home after her scenes. a little moses man told me.
When you check it out get back at me SOME FEED BACK WOULD BE GREATLY APPRECIATED
Didn't realize that WolframAlpha didn't have it's own crawler. They license proprietary data sources. Cool!
Come join the protest at central and San mateo.
You can't appreciate the time it takes, to kick a love I always knew was kinda wrong. Baby bring me down, I wanna be right where you are. <3
You're nothin but bum, ya bum!
Hey, thanks for the retweet. (Have you been to Istanbul--it comes up once in a while as a must-go next.)
DATS Y I HUSTLE NUN-STOP I WANT ALL DA MONEY....IN MY voice
Hey!!! Great to see you over here! Loving the weekend pix I've seen -- heading over to FB to look for more. Happy Hump Day!
haha been stuck in Charlotte a little too long I think!
and it's also my favorite wrestler birthday so Happy Birthday 2 us!!!!!!!! ♥♥♥
Castle does not disappoint! Can't wait for next weeks episode!!!
: Son: Will they have a sign in Heaven w/ your name on it so I can find u? Me: No I don't think so, but I sure God will let y ...
I don't even watch American Idol and I can't believe the dude with the hair is still on.
how is #bartab working out for you so far? If you haven't already, definitely be a part of our next pub crawl!
The room of J's! Jess B., Jess M., Jay, Joe, Jake, and...Kristie...
LOL . . . your evasion is adorable, but it wont work. Scroll down. I talked about the disproportionate black on black crime
Just confirmed that I'll be covering the pro prospects at the next month. Excited!
In Hip Hop celebrating independent women and not degrading them is selling now. I'm confused. Should I hold a door open and insult her?
Okay good! Let us know if the problem keeps happening and we'll try to help!
My new Twitter background kicks so much ass. its the most amazing man ever *Pssst* its <3 Lmao
Sum ppl dnt know da real meaning of it
Metabolic testing and customized supplements are no longer luxuries for the rich. They are a necessity for anyone who wants to stay healthy.
shortly after 8p in Soho!!
The Massachusetts Office of Consumer Affairs and Business Regulation: strict state laws on data security...
I wish I was in Chapel Hill so I could comfort myself with a #TimeOut chicken biscuit. I've got the Tarheel blues. keeps reminding me
nope. Just tell that chapter you love it while u read something else...
Lightning and thunderstorms over Beachwood Cyn. Better make sure your gadgets are charged, Hollywood.
Lefty just bitchslapped Tiger's comeback party!
love love love your video about Hope to see you Friday at teerex!
Say What You Mean, and Mean What You Say.
Just received e-mail that is closing. Sad. Inspired me to build in Flex. Creativity in tech bears no legacy for so many :(
yeah i have one..
I love a bitch with a couple stretch marks on her ass
Holy eff. I'm very hungry :/
There’s always some truth behind ‘just kidding’. Emotion behind ‘I don’t care’. ~Unknown
now and then i think of all the times you screwed me over
What You Need to Build Links to Your Website and What a Good One Looks Like
I agree with that
no problem ! :DD
I'm desperately looking for someone to help me out. v.v
Thanks for making it to the reading at the York last year. I'm looking forward to you seeing the next incarnation of ToyMaker!
Some nights the live-tweets / online conversations are as interesting as the panel.
"The success of the American alligator conservation program in the United States is second only to that of the Bald Eagle." Now you know.
BULLSHIT! You will get your Censure soon enough, But you said & meant CENSOR.
What can I say? Just an amazing day here in Chicago!
is so RUDE ugh who is this girl!!
This new time zone thing isn't really working for me.....
Hilarious : Instead of vodka and soda how about just carbonated vodka OH SHIT YOU JUST LOST YOUR MIND DIDN'T YOU?!?!?!?!?
At 37 I think am developing my first allergy. Can't figure it out. Every morning itchy skin covered in hives.
Hey--399 followers! We're going to hang on to some of the porny once until we get over the 400 hump. Er, bump.
Can't wait for what's to come!
Only befriend vegetarians. There is much less of a chance of them eating you during a zombie apocalypse.
Go Packers! 🏈
#RIP Adam "MCA" Yauch. Great memory of seeing #BeastieBoys open 4Rap Tour @ #RVA Coliseum in mid '80s! Crowd of 10,000 stayed on their feet!
anytime, anywhere, hey girl are you down to......oh.
“: I am master of the fajita! Delicious indeed!” I'll definitely second that!
14360 ciera, poway. Give guard at gate address. Arrive 10 early and drive around 2 check out neighborhood
awww!! I'm doing very good! How about you?? Did you enjoy you last few days in LA??
Is that a flashing green light I see?
Toast, coffee, vitamins, twitter for breakfast. Such a balanced diet. At least twitter has no calories, LOL.
Stoked to see perform next week. I love that "I'm on a boat" song. 3 days of it might be kind of rough though.
when u kiss her u gota make her feel it
Honesty and accountability create intimate relationships.
Bank holiday weekend... Here we go !
some people are either that freakin stupid or really desperate
Attending the Michael Jordan Celebrity poker tournament 5:30 sharp !!!
now you can see my pics!! :)
No advantage, IMO. I agree they have different audiences and should each have their own updates.
....Otherwise I unfortunately will have to settle and find a job at McDonald's, let my knowledge go down the drain by flipping burgers. :(
seems like too few.
Oops I just tweeted from an SSIS interface task
Just filled up my four day weekend with shit that seems a lot like work. FML.
Love the Corkboard video, exhibition looks great. Also #congradulations !
How do you fix a woman's watch? You don't there is a clock on the oven. (thanks to Shane)
Don't limit yourself. Many people restrict themselves to what they believe they can do. You can go as a long way as your brain lets you.
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/14/2012 and was under his calorie goal
Girls night with !
K, now I'm hungry.
soulja boy and s.o.d money gang =
I think my friends in the industry will celebrate the end of this year as much as they celebrate the beginning of the new year
man makes da chain, CHAIN DONT MAKE A MAN!!! S.O.J. SWAG OVA JEWLERY!!!
(Glendale) no injuries at the i-43 Crash
Tell him you'll cut it for a small fee.
damn playa u got any of the original players on your roster or what?!
Catch us at the International Congress on Medieval Studies in Kalamazoo 12-15th May! We'll be at Booth #3. See you there!
It's weird when someone you once knew so well is now practically a stranger.
hmm... Maybe so. I've got a minimum number if you're too busy, though
Why did he try to get you jumped?
I was filming princes AB...hoping for a follow up
Yes! Edmodo is great. Use it within class and in collaborative projects with other schools/classrooms.
This should be good! ": Our #OSCARS performance is scheduled to open after the halfway mark! Are you as excited as we are?"
Taking my Mom to see 'Think Like A Man' and then to Applebees for Mother's Day/Birthday.
Happy Birthday I am with you and will be in the next election! Cheers!
Office door closed, Brewer game on.
Tweeting and driving
Are you doing anything today for caffeine awareness month?
RT : You know you really disenjoyed a book when, days after finishing it, you wake up glad you don't have to read it any more.
I'm good you?
Anybody feel like a brownie bite midnight snack? Sweet dreams.
#Jeter quest to 3k hits is exciting but #MarianoRivera's quest for the save record is WAY cooler!
hey Tyler, how was your day? (:
Affordable, Central, office solutions...
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW: Kindle Fire, Full Color 7" Multi-touch Display,
#2012 better be the time of my life.
Marquette definitely the best Illinois team in the tournament.
I though Cena might be sad bc of what's goin on with him, but he definitely didn't seem sad! (:
I think I've gotten myself into something I can't get out of.
Best paki food ever at himalaya!!! Super tasty. Highly recommend!
All the #linsanity is making me hungry.. Today's breakfast: Linstant Oatmeal... After work, a possible Lin & Tonic.
chillin' with peeps@ Buzz Bakery in Alexandria!
Inspiring Affirmation! I wrote it down!
- Always buy tickets sooner than later to avoid disappointment! (This one actually went on sale back in Sept...)
Games scheduled to resume in Murfreesboro @ 2p. More rain likely later this afternoon.
I need some incredibly insane live music soon. It's been too long. Thank goodness Racebannon is just around the corner.
haha Spanish was fun... Wonder what Ryales will say when we don't turn in our work.
"I've has better hot dogs." straight face.
my nails are so cute :).
Ashlee's is purple :]
#Friday the 13th tomorrow. Tell me you haven't thought about it.
thanks for the support brotha! Big things are definitely coming
how was your bday?
-It doesn`t matter! :D
We are legion.
watch out world “: the troops have slowly dwindled and it's just me and so lookout things could get crazy!”
Are you here at the conference? Intro yourself at the break... :-)
My mind wonders because Casioa have.too think do every ones Casio Nate swagger
shoutout to whoever whatch 106&park tonight but u goota follow me
hahaha i love this......all i have to say is HHI ahah
Happy Birthday I hope you take a break from politics long enough to celebrate it! :)
Kobe's not playing says Mike Brown. Dang... Wanted to see him fill it up tonight. Amazing Durant already has three scoring titles.
What we will hear from players & coaches all week: "We just didn't get it done."
in good ol lexington man, chillaxin. you should come up here sometime.
Wanted: wizard of social media to help launch our travel start-up into the stratosphere. If you think you have what it takes, get in touch.
DoiNg Preparation for IBM Toronto Conference.... a lot of demos & presentations
MPEG Streamclip should do the trick... and it's free! :)
Did I reallu just say Orgasm instead of Organism in front of my science class
I miss you like crazy!
RT : Currently in the studio, cleanin up that & "Army Strong" track as we speak ...
Noon, UWM Union room 183. I can shoot you an email with details.
How to please a man: Show up naked Bring beer x)
has taught me all I know...I owe him for little coolness I have. Thanks You are truly my hero! MUST FOLLOW
Wanted 5 corn dogs. Ate 7. Because I knew I would be upset there were only two when I went back next time.
Norm Duke has gotta be pullin in the ladies..
thank you :)
I don't think law enforcement celebrates!
Thumbs down to the 'viral membership' trend whereby members are rewarded for spamming Twitter and/or Facebook with company signup/info
Dude is trying too hard...
Cerner Cashes In As Medical Records Move To The Cloud
It's never a good idea to fill a 20 month old baby full of chocolate! At least it's just once a year...
The lyrics to Soulja Boy's "Kiss Me Thru the Phone" are truly inspired.
I knw a brown skinned brother who's not neccesarily looking for an educated woman, just someone w light skin and fine hair. Why?
Just saw a preview for Magic Mike. OMG break me off a piece of that
Hey! Are you going to Affiliate Summit?
The iTriage "Power-Up" lounge is open! Come relax and recharge!!! AT&T Center, room 301.
thanks for the RT!
First day of school! Adolescent Gang Intervention down, Los Angeles + the American Dream and Sustainability Planning to go... Excited.
Thanks for another great opportunity to be part of #TheMorningBlend. Always appreciate it and nice to see you and !
mine is amazing as always here!
The nice guys always finish last
Happy Mother's Day !!! :D <3
keep spittin the truth. we hearing it... www.thekeyplayerz.com
Wahhh, I have nothing to do.
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.
Just saw an 11 or 12 year old smoking weed. Smh
that sounds like it could be rough at times....
you fished? Whoa
Let the training begin! 12 weeks to FL.
I'm quite sure they've shown his elbow more publicity than anything I've seen in awhile!
bad idea to buy myself a bag of Dove dark chocolate.
#That1friendThat you can tell anything too and you know they won't tell a soul or treat you any different.
i dont think so
Boredom arrives :/
“: Beer for the game...Sam Octoberfest. What do you have?” New Glarus Brewing Fat Squirrel
Yes. It's "Hollywood vs. everyone else in the world."
“: “Cheeseburger, fries, domestic bottles, house wine and more for just $20 tonight ?” I'll be there
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!! 7
likes to blow on long things that resemble a penis.
Oh my god... cassidy is so slow. i couldve run 3 laps around the school in the time she ran 1 hahahahaha
Davey s kansas city cher uk rocking old cocks.
No I havent met Mr. Right yet, but I have met Mr. Fake, Mr. Rude, & Mr. Player.
So apparently Frank Ski's Restaurant is disgusting!!
From Everything you set your mind on to every person that you value, to every goal you achieve all comes with Time
I'm glad I can count on you for the planning phase. That's the most important part ;)
do you know what the average attendance vs registration rate is for webinars? I am wondering if my numbers are high or low
Wanna win a day in an Escape? Join the #180mileclub: Tell us your fave destination w/in 180 miles & we'll randomly select 1 Zipster to win!
i honestly cant tell you how much i love that is so honest with us, and obvoiusly cares about us so much (':
Currently at Auto Battery, looking for #HopsandChops Happy Hour. *Might* have found the right table. Or not.
If we stop drinking highly acidic soda and drink alkaline water instead, we will help reduce excess weight gradually.
I loved social psych so much it was my degree's emphasis. Fave class was Social Psych of Intimate Relashes. Have fun tonight!
that happened to me last night!!
That's what she said.
He did pardon not one, but two turkeys one Thanksgiving. That's something.
Neighbor??? Gulp... um hey we moved last night... so must be a different neighbor. :)
YOU ARE NOT ALOUD TO LEAVE
No adult supervision for me today! :)
Cool, if Bennett does really well, maybe I can pull a handcuff off, lol
Start button - Run - type "msconfig" and on the Startup tab, uncheck the programs you don't want to start automatically
Forty five minutes . . . till the beginning of the end
Shit, I had so much to do this week too....
Playing mean ass tricks on my grandparents >>>
Yep, get there Fri afternoon.
Meaning, Red Carpet play will require 5/7 matched sources now (a VERY RARE Play). We needed to make some changes given past weekend events.
Audio and gaming commanded the highest interaction rates with 5.95 percent and 5.91 percent respectively.
she gives birth to a grin like a harlot working like a mother with twins she hold secrets within
Beautiful blue-eyed girls!
When you stop doing things for fun, you might as well be dead
those are some Crazie Rims Sir!!!
Wait, the won?
Pittsburgh foodies: I've a hankering for soft shell crabs. Are they on the menu anywhere? Strip District or downtown ideal.
Guys can be soo shallowww!!!! Theres more to life than just sex...
Welcome new followers! Say hello and introduce yourselves.
Dilemma: two internships that sharpen two different skill sets. Should I get more experience w customer service or book/ephemera cataloging?
so, so happy for you guys! You go girl!
good morning beautiful!
. will lead by example. We are all in this together.
#Labrador #Retreivers are so #smart they have been known to self train, observing behaviors in humans and repeating them.
Hi, not sure what your photo is implying. Can you clarify?
Keeping north Alabama in my thoughts today – it's been a rough couple of years there with these storms.
So true! RT "Treat everyone like a VIP! Because everyone deserves it" -
I don't think this one can be Skyped, but it's something to consider!
Words of the day: Love, Peace and Soul
When will groupies learn?
Dear AZ Cardinals...you keep spending the money on the right players....and we'll keep packing your stadium on Sundays
Yuki looked so beautiful tonight!! I cried.. im a very proud sister!
Ah. I just moved, but I'm registered where I used to vote. Can I re-register on election day?
All about REM today.
We're glad to have you with us Brian!! We'll let Michelle know about your super nice tweet. Happy Friday :)
Yes it is taken care of and I have received my product. Thank You! Great service
Oh my god, you guys, Fifi's singing Purty Little Love Song.
I live u Madison follow me it will mean alot plzzzzz!!!;)
Indian mangoes are late this year! They usually arrive mid-April, but there's no sign of them yet. Should I be blaming the volcano?
HAVE FUNN BABES ;D !! FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW ME <333
tomorrow (8/9). join me for my special guest performance at the WCC 5th Anniversary Celebration- Merritt College student center- oakland, ca
Hey why you sleeping on the Lady Quakers? 9 - 1 winners of 9 straight...good things happening...Boys are not bad either!
Seriously makes my skin crawl... Does this guy have a job? Makes Bachelor Pad hard to watch. He is so rude!
School sucks today , ready to go home.
I was in CLE cpl wks back n prior 2 that tlkd her on the phone. She now is 1 of my contacts for work. I thought about u.
so did I (: was a nice nap(:
Tweet BostonOnTheRun what you are doing today!!
There's nothing like finding out an old friend has died before sleep. You were one of a kind, Dick Dick. May you find peace, my brother.
Today was succhhh an amazing day ! couldn't said it any better . . . signed a contract for Beyonce . <<<<<<3333333333333333333333
Attn “ Peking duck eight course dinner tuesday nov.22 . We start taking reservations tomorrow. 50 bucks.”
hey Ariana hope you're having a lovely day. Love you :*
Can I get Retweet from Mr. Skip Bayless?
Just ordered 12 YO RedBreast Cask Strength Irish Whiskey and Rittenhouse Very Rare Straight Rye.Will be a good wkend if I get it before then
At American Meteorological Conference in New Orleans. Listening to all different professionals in the weather field talk on their research.
Spot trending now in West Hollywood, CA: Yogurt Stop - Dessert (live updates)
I was singing Strip today and my teacher comes up from behind me and shouts "WHAT!?" I think she heard the whole thing... x3
I'm really good. Just studying for my world history test. How about you?
the cute little thing about a smile :)
You made just as much noise when you were their age. That's just how kids be!
exactly, I'm not saying she's bad its just that shes overrated
Ohh Vickie please stop shouting, I have a headache already
Very excited to order the new book from Still one of my favorite pinch hitters and one of the best walk-up songs ever.
the weather is bad..at least she wanna be around me...where ur folks at??? all of them lef yo ass
Working on a new pool house concept... Activity on "accessory" buildings is up a lot!
Happy birthday to my cousin Lauren who is on glee! At her party right now!
Culture eats strategy for lunch – David Pryor, Allina CIO Working on new IT change program and this quote is as true as ever ;-(
Some couples are so cute.
wow1 way too much loyals on right now
Just had fried calamari for the first time. Feelin adventurous fo sho.
GIMME GIMME GIMME A MAN AFTER MIDNIGHT.
lol my cough coughing was on the positive side for lots of tweets per day :)
Oh, most excellent. LOVE the cartoons!
Feel free to contact us with any questions you may have
#BoyzAreBack YEAH BUDDY! I cannot wait! Gonna tell everyone in school to watch :)
Just about done cutting The Alumni Club's new music video so..... who wants to see it?
Who has their tickets for the Roxy beer & vegan food festival in LA next month!? We do!
ah yes, new printer demo. I really should be involved with my expertise in the field. 8-)
CANNOT WAIT ANY LONGER.
I'm gonna be depressed all weekend and cry in a corner cus I'm not seeing 😭😭😭😭😭👎👎👎👎👎
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery.
Hey you guys!
Welp..it could be over before it starts..
I wen and saw the Treetop Sailors last night, and they rule.
it even looks funny typed out
David Brooks sadly got it exactly right...ahh the tragedy of being a Mets fan
Hay buddy just thought I'd say happy birthday to you on twitter. Hope you have awesome one bro :-)
Such a great work week....think I'll treat myself to some fun on south beach...hm...I can put in feathers on the beach,lol
RT Join for a YOGA Party this Sat., April 28! Enjoy comp yoga session at 7pm followed by pool party presented by Voli Vodka!
Something new very soon in early 2012. Stay tuned to all Rainline sites
I'm Talken big money I'm Talken heavyweight
Its never enough RT : You are the creepiest person I have ever met...
LOL Elise. I liked her better than Holly
Shoot... I need to get ready.... The weather is perfect, but the daily plans aren't! Must win lottery! Then quit job!
I followed you! :)
yes would love it if you and 7 can make that happen Black Vodka is remix material and those are the perfect guys
Our docent presentations are free to active duty military personal and their families through Labor Day.
we talk tomorrow. i must go. bye ;* lov ya <3
I know, I really live up to my threats, right?
prom in two days.. :s
it would be even better if you texted me back !
Preparing to hear Christopher Browning this morning speak on his recent book, "Remembering Survival" at the The JFR advanced seminar.
he had hunting magazine and seemed to be staring at me the whole flight
I have a freaking timeline😡
The most haunted pub in England??The roast beef was tough!
I have "Mystery of the Old Thorton House" Nancy Drew fan fic I wrote n illustrd in 4th grd. Vry spooky mossy house!
Just received the podcast of our KVTA interview with Lyn Fairly. Aired Xmas eve with and It should be posted soon.
I dont wanna wait til 6 to go to the high school .
Comedy? supports !
well, he is only averaging like 1.3 run support when he starts....at least its up over 1.0 now!
Can you pls follow me?I promise I'll followback just tweet me if you did ♥̨‎​ (⌒ヮ⌒)
Beauty and the Beast out Jan 13. The original romantic French movie. #whowantstogo?
Have you bought your tickets yet for the yet? www.chicagosketchfest.com
OH from kiddo: "Programming a computer and creating a government are both magical"
he was a Bro then and he's a Bro now
who will be 1,000 follower? RT : one more until steak dinner. Double butter!
Governor Walker's sons go to public school?? I didn't know! (Oh wait, it's the 15th time he's said it on this panel)
RT:Happy #ThirstyThursday!Hope everyone's ready for their $1 #bartab drinks to start the weekend early! & #Football is on!
essential gamer food groups, fueling an intrepid voyager.
fresh carrots???
How in the WORLD does Mike Turico get to question Andrew Bynum about HIS behavior and HIS judgement? Scandalous! Ridiculous!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! Have a wonderfully blessed day!
Website is currently down:( Server issues for the past few days, unsure of when it'll be back up!
I want to get hired at my work
Such a beautiful night! Making dinner, getting ready, and then meeting up with & for some fun!
I Miss
Call me what you want but never call me late to dinner
Anyhow I'm stupid and should have bought it and nit give him "gas money".
in the spirit of Frey, isn't the right thing to do to complain about aspects of his work without having read him?
looking forward to our meeting today - hope passport queues are modest!
Leather Feather tonight @ Eagle Tavern in SF!!!! Bring on the bears.
We take the time to learn about the needs of our clients and prepare a schedule that will make you feel comfortable
I try and stay away from imagining disastrous scenarios; and visualize what I desire and allow my thoughts to dwell on it in peace.
Our last tweet was brought to you by New album in stores now!
You too! Just checked out Poker Girls, excellent job!
look these anti melo fans are crazy. When has he been on the better team 5678. Seeds don't win too often in 1st rd
Aww thanks! <3333 I just took a small leave so i can finish this cleanse.
about to eat then watch the bulls game
new website launches June 4th - can't wait for your feedback! In the meantime, I'm having a beer in honor of Miss Highbrow ;)
Thanks for picking up our press release about the partnership with
I enjoyed your Sugar tribute, but he was 75. There was a kerfuffle about it yesterday, and many places got it wrong at first.
Atlanta? Or are you still in Arizona?
MAKE HIM HIRE ME
Cant sleep so much on my mind lately mostly about my future and dreams/goals for myself
Are you a fellow alumnus, Kyle?
We support Robert Bobb and the work he is doing to improve our Detroit Public Schools. He is fighting for better education for our children!
watching #moneyball. Decent movie. Good baseball movie bout the #'02 Oakland A's
You're gross.
Good Luck!!! Haha!!
Even tho Im not there this yr, I totally agree! RT : In museum nerd heaven. These are my people.
RT : #lrnchat What an honour to jam w the ladies! <-Glad u could join us!
Sleepy sleepy airport
Finishing up in the studio this week! Laying down vocals on the new tracks today.
Good thinking.
maybe you're voting to prevent switzerland from becoming too european? what's next, the euro?? ;)
it's a fucking wild ride ain't it. Hold on tight.
Thank you for sending me a copy of your book I'll waste no time reading it. ~ Moses Hadas
of! well hows the fight goin?
IT'S THURSDAY!!! Half price haircut day is here! :) We still have openings. Call to reserve your spot! 614.447.2600
and this doesn't relate to your problem but it sucked
We have new drink specials & a revamped brunch menu. Come in today 10am-3pm and test it out!
whats wit dis nicki minaj sextape dat keep popping up on facebook how do i get 2 see it with out completing a bunch of ads
"Set your goals high, and don't stop until you get there." - Bo Jackson
MT : Super excited for this week: major actions at corporate shareholder meetings of &
Just got a thank-you note from a group I recently spoke to. It included a critique. Huh.
Phone doesn't appear to be charging....
Stupid insomnia & subconcious problems.
"A mid-weight wine, slightly tart and not too heavy"
Wow, this facebook shiz is crazy. Looks like people in Kenosha, WI (my hometown) aren't super techno-savvy. facebook.com/MrRyanBlue
Had a great time with the family; it had been so long since I had seen them! A 5 1/2 hour drive back and I'm happy to be home.
being a mahomie is about LOVE, CARE and SUPPORT . That's why were the BEST !!!
Can anyone recommend a good flatbed scanner? Preferably one with a 11 x 17 bed.
Welcome Back Peter! RT Guess who's bizzack?
A TRUE Leader w/ influence does not have 2 ENFORCE his RULES. His followers willingly go the distance bcause they buy n2 the Leaders vision.
I Believe I Can Fly....then I went faceplant.
I don't give a fuck about anything that your telling me ..... Hahhahhhahahaha
feel better dood..gonna miss ya in
HUGE play by #Palmer on that 3rd Down, showing flashes of some of his throws in 2009
Myy bro wearINg uniform pants for regular Klothes.!! Lmao
I notice my productivity goes down when I'm cold. Maybe I'm a snake? This does explain the parseltongue.
The more I get to see, hear and be around an amazingly attractive woman, the less appealing she typically becomes.
Trust God and ask his help, He will change the situation and make everything good :)
Sad realization when you see dudes on The Office at the gas station drivin a camry
hey buddy, can you send some of that over this way!? :-)
Lupe Concert was awesome!
I like that one too c:
Great to run into today and see the awesome new digs!
“: My love for Greyson Chance is like Josh's love for Oprah.” THIS.
thanks, i will correct that.
For me to win my fantasy this week, I'm going to need Forte to get 70 points...
Real Shit. Copping Some Mad Shit At Treasure Coast!!
nothing wrong with Elle Woods as long as you don't have a little dog in your bag.
Roll call: How many sisters were inducted from (1969-2012) to our beloved organization on this day? Say OLA!
Unless they have a bigger car! ;)
Last day of class tomorrow. End of summer looms, Fall, the best season of all, is around the corner.
Like the Red Sox Alley Page on Facebook #redsox and follow
GOOD NIGHT FOLKS
Thanks for posting the really fun #photos of my sis from last weekend's event! Great website too!
#NW Money From Strangers (y)
MAJOR winter storm to likely impact Midwest, Great Lakes and portion of Ohio Valley and East US next Tues-Thurs...stay tuned
Damn I'm bored
Do it :D
lose a bait possibly get a new one lol
I want reece's pieces for my breakfast wit some fruit loops just sprinkle em in my fruit loops
I see you
O, I wish we could say that we'd be able to do that for you. Maybe next time. :)
work"meeting/learn how to mak cookies" hm okay#atleast im getting paper
I always imagined I could be what I wanted to be
ha, oh I was about to say...
Great discussion tonight about the porn industry @ Gentlemen meeting. Do you think feminist porn is possible and what does it look like??
not just working hard working
Final Follow Friday of the Semester: ,
Are you on FaceBook? Look for our page - OptionsTradingSystem (all one word). See you there!
Dissapointed with this day....it's just sucked. Headache is killing me..blackhawks lost...have a shit load of homework...I miss Nathan. :(
I have 6 spots open for this afternoon. I come to you for a change. I may stop on the way!
This >>> RT : I just LOVE We The Kings so much! :'3
Your recent blog was dead on :) You should consider being a Professor. Teach Women's Studies through Soaps. I'd register!
The #AccessSports Silent Auction bidding is now closed - who will win big?
austin i can't wait for you new song's #yee tht'a awesome i'm very happy (:
- awesome, can't wait for launch and to get ourselves in. Much success!!!
what's up my boy
"Put on some music ! I can't do this without music" lolololol crazy freakin hilarious moments :D
Psshh, that's no big deal. You'll get in.
Anyone else loving this live #MetGala stream? #Valentino and #SJP are a powerhouse duo.
Time to watch Inside the NBA for the first time in a week!
Aw, its true. We Defend Gaga <3
AFPW $$$$$ Still Buzzing on a Sunday~Tuesday she will explode AFPW $$$$$
There will be time to repent in the bullpen. I brought my Bible to lead us all in prayer.
I know im big but at least it goes with my Swag!!!!
thanks Edie!! you guys at Y-ME rock and keep up all the GOOD you do!!!!! :)
Ready 2 make a change in American education? #IAspireTo. On 3/19, watch the live stream & join our live tweeting from #GradNation Summit.
Never in a million years did I think a song by Kris Allen would be remixed and remixed well.
RT : Obama: "It is important for me to go ahead and affirm that I think same-sex couples should be able to get married."
sure thing!
In FB jail for my first and only "hoodie" post, please send Debbie cakes....damn ppl in real jail can post on FB and I can't!
xfce is great! B-)
the man on my arm is wearing a fine flannel shirt - fela is playing zombie
Massage is known for its many therapeutic and health giving benefits.
Eating at Wendy's by myself ..
i hope tammy hurry up!
Looking to donate black metal file cabinet to Chicago non-profit. Single file drawer, two smaller drawers, ~2.5 feet tall.
Good morning to you Greg
Great job on last week!
#communicationwin “: If you want to know whether someone has understood you ask them to summarise their understanding.”
She Just Took It :) .
We are talking about that on next Monday! Taxes during Ath. plague of Peloponnesian War, Justinian, and then the Black Death
YOU NEED TO SEE THIS PLEASE AND FOLLOW ME I PROMISE YOU IT WILL BE THE BEST THING YOU DO IN YOUR LIFE
My mom wants me to be perfect.. Not happening mom lol
At least the WVU game was the second worse lose tonight, not the first lmao
Sister's Dance show ☺
Lunch at Flemings today with my fellow Opera board members.
MM..no question she was ground zero for a decade+ power-struggle between the most powerful factions of America..both political & otherwise.
Blackberry still marketing on the myth of a difficult to use touchscreen. Yeah, that'll work.
Does your home have poor air flow?? Most new furnaces have a higher blower speed capacity / options then your typical 20 yr old furnace.
goal is to have our LMS support Presio authored content as well as content created in any other authoring tool (Articulate, Captivate, etc)
I wish there was a way the Pacers could land Rondo... they could use a 10 10 and 20 night from their point guard.
Is anyone else having issues with following people via ?
I hope everyone has a Zippity Do Da Day!...*even though it's Monday*
What an amazing ending to a fantastic show!
We think Zumba makes everything a little more fun and hope everyone has a blast at the #FriendshipWalk!!
Already things are going into high gear for the end-of-year "baking season". Brownie indicator is positive!
braids his pubes
Remembering HAITI today
In case you couldn't tell, I am a fan of the Happy Endings. No, not those. Get your head out of the gutter.
“: When people cut you down or talk behind your back, remember, they took time out of their pathetic lives to think about you.”
I wish everyone thought like that.
can't complain
really dumb and dumber two? Fucking yeah :-)))
m Noah's pizza for lunch today always an office favorite!
Same. Nothing. Let's drink?
aw Shayan I miss you too :(
yo haha follow me that where i tweet now
That same follower is my mane though can't blame her for wanting to listen to the word
Aiding an illegal immigrant with entering the country
I realize errors isn't the tell it all sign but Peterson does have 15 errors at short, tho most came earlier
Rissa G. Its about time that I found me a freak :-)
Definitely leave it in!
: is really on the pulse! #NotJustTheory #theLaw #
Yes, wanna take the sync or swim challenge?
Nice pictures Paul! This is a really interesting story. It's amazing how hateful some people are in Temecula!
Oh my I want to eat my screen! ~T
Who saw the new bad girls club last night?
had so much fun with last night
true..as not all jobs are worth doing so not all businesses are worth funding..all entrepreneurs learn this the hard way
Back in the office after Little Brown Jug. It was wet and cold but I had a great time anyway!
I'm hungry lay yo ass down on the dining table out yourself on my plate
so far cant find a link with description of this story in english.
Not sure which annoys me more: the presumption of me interviewing a band I have never heard of on 2 days notice, or addressing me as Mark.
Yay! I knew I wasn't alone on this subject :)
Someone who understands my taste in music FINALLY=
why is the worst day of your life?
i dont want to be a drunk who occasionally does awesome things. i want to be a drunk who always does awesome things.
I 1st visited the Liberace Museum about 17 years ago-now I work here! RT : Anyone been to the museum in Vegas?
Dear Congress, while Defunding NPR, how about Removing Limbaugh from Armed Forces Radio Network?
i don't have a short temper, i just have a quick reaction to bullshit.
thanks for that push to use the #PennAW!
The greatest tragedy of this period..was not the strident clamor of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people. - MLK
lolol nothin to do w it girardis just bein nice.. Truth is nunez is just an overall shakey fielder
#dictionary Lionize: To treat or regard as an object of great interest or importance.
Whos near the New York Stock Exchange? Take a photo, upload to , and earn cash.
#upearlytotrain ready to hit cardio recovery always feel so amazing afterwards
No excuses for shoplifting, still you shouldn't shut down Starbucks for a coffee drinker in a stolen Shirt.
I'm way too excited for this upcoming year..
so do I it's meeting the Jonas brothers or having them tweet to you.
Your honestly the weirdest person I know, and that's why I love you :-)
appreciating the momentum
have one at the Rose &Crown for me!
Let's go ny!
Females having wedgies in school <<<<
VMware also does not handle Full Screen properly. It use to do it right, but now it just fills the current screen.
Day 3 at - we've met some great folks already! Can't wait to see what the weekend brings us....
I'm still not done yet!
creating a superhero called The Illuminator, whose sole job is to "make a spark inside people." #sometimesIlovemyjob ...
Who would hit up a Wal-Mart?? I mean, they roll back the prices!
Outdoor sprinklers put in spring working order. Nice bike ride. It feels like spring.
I need a #PDR can you help me out?
Boise St and Georgia? Or LSU and Oregon? Decisions, Decisions.
Don't forget to love yourself. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
i never ever thought i would see $AAPL pass $GOOG. wow.
What you do when people sing happy birthday to you: Sit there like a dumbfuck trying to figure out what to do.
Getting ready for the segment on the Missing Rockwells on Host looking dapper tonight Luv the tie ^TR
Car crash with injuries at Quincy & Parker. Woman bleeding from the head. Rescuers en route.
FTB (For the birdies)
Will you be playing this year for the Fever?
I wanna get a tattoo with my best friend
At the U.S House of Representatives now to advocate for vision & eye health
The most beautiful thing in the world? Seeing your parents smile and knowing that you're the reason behind that smile.
I am pretty sure Google Plus does that with Picasa.
That's too bad. I fell in love with their EP & feel same about the full album.
Thank you, Caitlin! -Kevin
Because of my extreme boredom , I decided to try an egg and avocado hair mask :) ... It better work because it smells wired lol
Sometimes, Tuesday is the perfect time to drink wine... alone in your apartment.
I ran over 2 mating birds, ripped my jeans and had to buy a textbook within 15 minutes of each other.
Yeeaaahh! Me to, I thought the test was tomorrow!
I've Ben dead. Wake me up bby
Great Camp in Asheville #dcavl Thanks , sponsors , , , and Hot Drupal hosting
wanna play @ The Orphanage?? contact us =-) david
the fed & brettonwoods & I'd say theres a lot of merit to the argument that we r headed 4 hyper inflation, esp if bernanke cont as fed chair
Wow, He wants to hear our voices.....Just as he listen to the Republicans. That is cute
I just need to stand in the street and throw out twenties.
Hemp for Victory!
Sounds like great intro 2 : from nonpartisan leading Oct9 teach-in @ 3pm - Where Wall St $ ends up on K St
Wow Buccaneers where are your cajones? No way I'm getting embarrased like this on national TV. That's game!
I want a girl single is boring
RT : “: Its going down tonight in San Antonio TX @ endless music!!” << ENDLESS MUSIC TONIGHT FOLKS !!!
#IUsedTo stare at the stars and wonder of the worlds that lie beyond our reach. Now, from this space ship, I dream of nothing but ice cream.
I am one of the Winners yeeee :o)
Our hours for April are Thursday - Sunday 10am - 5pm. Starting in May we will be open Tuesday - Sunday 10am-5pm.
I enjoy everything about music. My question is, where does the inspiriation for your songs come from.???
And my neighbor just walked by with a stroller carrying her cats... When is this house going to sell again?
The shit you do makes me wanna hate you but every time we kiss I can't help but fall for you all over again.
thanks so much. Looking forward to following our tweets.
Why no tip jar on the counter, pharmacists of the world?
hahahaha omg you're becoming a woman!
There's always a strange feeling when you set all of your out of office messages for a 2 week absence
Lost again tonight... About to half-ass this project so I can get some sleep. Hopefully tomorrow will be a good day.
Just got my Tom's shoes today - love them! “: Start Something that Matt
Good morning Twietnam...
The beach is beautiful...love it!!!!!!
not bad, I'll keep that in mind for next time
Libya fact: Monetary Unit: Libyan dinar (LD)
#MahoneOnB96 come on mahomies we can do this!
I didn't mean to retweet the one about Terrence jones. The other one i don't even know what I read lol. I think I saw ninja
These pants make my butt look like beyonce'... I've never worn pants before, this might be a regular thing..
Hey, #indy: Much-needed stop sign has been installed at 56th & Central. An improvement, but BE CAREFUL until drivers get used to it.
Thunder just HouSEd the Bulls.
Bring it!
Lauren Hutton is a girls role model. And no one knows better than she.
Does anybody actually tip $1 for a $2 can of beer?
Awesome to see Semin and Ovechkin go play in a tournament that nobody gives two fucks about as opposed to, ya know, winning a Cup.
Sad to miss tonight's event. Sounds great however, congrats & team! Keep it going!
we all need a lil shot in the arm from time to time! Glad you enjoyed!
Up Early dog walking, fell back to sleep, had weirdest dream. Walking PolkaSpot and my Yorkie was holding leash.
cookies and twitter always make it better.my day is going smoother cuz of twitter.its been a rough 2 days.monday will b worse
I'm way too nice to people
Oh, sure!
Would LOVE to see him shirtless...
Can't get into my old account. Tried for a new one, still waiting to get my blog "approved", lol. Tony might not let us come back!
what happen to your Facebook?
http:/www.stephanieishere.com is what's happening and lots of swimming to prepare!
I need to slow down
HEY I made a new 1D Twitter and it's called , will you please follow it for me? It's really funny!!!
We are glad to have your back!
i want to hear Jamez Anthony
three hours and counting till vacation :-)
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
Just like I do and thanks alot for that!
After shopping this weekend get out & support live music somewhere. Music makes the holidays brighter!
OH Lord help me i have a assesment exam on tuesday and I've only been in school for only nearly 3 WEEKS !!! i NEED 2 STUDY
for your info there's 10 in of snow
Thanks for the mention, have a great weekend!
Playing clue dvd... This shall be interesting :-)
Are you doing that hi faluttin' glamorous camping aka glamping?
U fuck wit me ? I fuck wit you too ! Oh ....so its fuck me ? Fuck you too !
in my mama room laying down watching Hair Spray
RT : Forbidden Mind is now #19 OVERALL in AMAZON! Have you downloaded your FREE copy of my award-winning YA......
Went walking to the store
Birthday on Wednesday 🎂 Gonna be 15 😃
It's getting dark and we out here in the boondocks.
You want to hang out in a skybox on the strip with me and attend the CCDP Convention this Saturday? DM this account.
happy hump day! <3
Smiling until your cheeks ache(:
Hello you know where to find the awesomeness!
hang in there. These guys just tied Union a week ago. Not pushovers.
Found you via the blog. I agree w/ your list. Will be spending some quality time w/ your site today!
RT : It's hoodie weather I'm wearing my hoodie today ;)
RT : Shouts out to all the youth from the bay area making a positive way and eing the future - Lil B
ugghhh tired jus wanna lay down nd rest for at least an hour.
Up Up Up Up Up Up and Up
Good meeting you on here...
I'm so season one Serena that it blows my mind
I would really rather have had something else at Seattle Center. But tourist money talks carries massive clout.
Me: Wanna know a good birthday present?(: Mom: What. :/ Me: Austin Mahone tickets!!!!(: <3 Mom: No. She'll change her mind.(;
so sorry!! I'm pimple free!!!
Contemplating the charged language used by females wanting Chris Brown to "beat" them/Supporting domestic violence or misunderstood context?
Congrats! Happy bachelor weekend!
i would like someone to bring me macncheese/mashed potatoes from wood, clean my room, and give me a massage. all without speaking. thanks.
come see my band play in the marina tonight at 9PM. good old rock and roll
sorry :/ i unfollowed you cuz u told me you'll follow me if i get you 10 followers and i did then u followed me and unfollowed.
Thanks for the follow iSpeakYouListen™♥ (KUnlimited23)! :)
R.I.P Blair... 5 whole years smh...
I need to get a REAL job soon.
Are you being serious?! Lol (: I wish I was /:
Sigh* Apartment searches lead to awkward texts this evening with shady agencies. Cc
Drinkin' wine and smoking hookah like a boss.
I've been really starting to love me the
can't wait to hear it Z.
World Class goal by Llorente..
out with my friends =] how i missed them <3
He will place you in a genre to reach those who cant be reached with Gospel Music why? They like Smooth Jazz....
Mike Bibby #Knicks just like the old times !!!!!
lol i mean kiding me lol i even get my every own stylist yea me!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Every #guy is amazing.......for a little while.
I was definitely inspired! Thanks for the retweet
I come up with so much stuff that people say but nobody knows it :(
Life is too short to be unhappy.
Nighty night. Another round of Insanity bright & early tomorrow morning.
Do you have a spare cave i could hide in? I'm not really up for today.
I find my work goes faster if I make it a song… "An-no-ta-ting WI-re-FRAmes!"
yeah yeah I'm comin
no, this wasn't about you. it was about almost everyone, in general.
Nobody has ever measured, even poets, how much a heart can hold.
it's weird how often I dream that I'm in Family Guy.
thanks for the mention. The bread ninja is not on twitter. She is just that underground.
A woman's guess is much more accurate than a man's certainty. - Rudyard Kipling
your cool.
So tired! Been NON-STOP and traveling for 3 weeks now! It is so nice to be home and sleeping in my own bed! #justonethingmissing :/
16 years old and I've been watching some Mexican 4yr old travel more places than me today.
great stuff! Food always. Company definitely. Thanks for both of you taking some time in our amazing schedules!!
I'd be up for some good debate. Anyone up for a debate? You pick the topic...
its crazy...if married couples are cheating on one another...what makes you think your boyfriend/girlfriend is faithful?
What fn morons are still driving Hummers these days??
What's up twitter
What you gonna put in all those stacks?
nope. Pay wall. I can email. (thought I did...)
They say love is like a bar of soap. Why? Because once you think you got it, it slips away..
RSRA reports are a great way to research a property before performing a Phase I. We offer them to you using knowledgable environmental pros!
"Raisins are zombie grapes" -
Kelly Clarkson inspires me, glad they chose it. "Just because I'm lonely doesn't mean I'm alone." I'm stronger, live for you, I chose life
Thank you for letting us have fun today! You guys are amazing!!
just tried to write popular and i wrote poopular
ruh roh.... Still have some puppy in there huh???
Thanks for the re-tweet! We thought it was pretty epic as well!
cool to see two of my favorite musicians together.
same, things couldn't be better in my world. Looking forward to Tigers
what are they protesting?
We love restaurants!
Woo hoo ! Nice to see you!
I just have to say...you are a true gem!!! Seriously. Thank you so very much for today!
I'm well no complaints
go enjoy ur teen tears and stop bein a fanatic! Nicki not goin to even notice u!
Remember when you used to be on Glad commercials and were in the film Shorts as Nose Noseworthy?
#FollowFriday #Bicycle Tour Operators
So grateful I got 9 hours of sleep last night
aslong as 59.69% of them are , I'm ok with that.
Pity, we have been looking forward to this all Winter! What was the result of your game #3?
Big thanks to for letting us cater their event last night! Looking forward to more caterings with you all!
im out here by sea world though.
Andy Van Slyke's kid is at bat for the Dodgers, you are old.
I'm working on a couple of projects; mobile-device-friendly webpages and an online image workshop addressing summer image
Thanks Jason! Just taking an amazing opportunity and making the best of it. Trying to be a good influence to younger drivers
RT : Looking good, modeling some of the handbags that were featured on The Morning Blend earlier!...
RT : sad trombone in response to the Vogue suggestion was perfect.
#Derby or #CincodeMayo ? How will you define your Saturday #DC?
so far so good. We've made some good connects, so things should be fine.
Cafe 300 has turkey panini's, cheddar broccoli soup and lentil soup for you to enjoy on this rainy day!
Just made something really beautiful. Thank you , , , & for playing music w/ me!
Lol!!! Derek Gordon has a fan
Guess if it ain't that serious to u, let's jus downplay it. LOL Not even worth no more tweets.
better then having school
Goodnight...peace & love
My perception of futurism was dramatically heightened/enhanced human intelligence too. Pity it turned out just the opposite.
The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something
Thirty and Seven!!!
U may not get much that far back, as most baptismal records were burned during potato famine..but try never know
Rob Wilson checks in for the
Epic dinner becomes epic lunch.
Idaho: Boise State is still exploring its options for a 13th football game in 2012, but the Broncos are unlikely to play Arkansas in...
haha thanks! I hope I love it too!!
Wrapping up product meeting at Lynnwood, then lunch at Woodinville Panera Bread!
"I ain't got time for a mofuckn penis, getting dirty money pockets just like in our dreams bitch."
#Hannan to #America via #LPR2011 - I am living in your euro-socialism future -- you won't like it - take it from me.
Tonight's RockBand Drink: Pink's X-Rated Cocktail w/ Stoli Citrus and X-Rated Liqueur over ice topped w/ strawberry soda! Just like a pill!
no problem yo how are you
is looking for a torrent of etude aux casseroles by Pierre Schaeffer with no success thus far, g'dammnit.
Each year, there's less ice, and now, the Northwest Passage - the very same pathway traversed by dog sled in 1921 - is open to shipping.
You should be.
thanks!! Wish I could be there!
So ate the bulls cursed?! Not taj!
was legit tonight - Nu, not so much... Now #WeOutchea at #epicVegas Big Happy bday babe !!
Love is not a business. It’s not a transaction. It’s not an exchange or something you get for doing something it's not a trade. It’s a gift!
I don't have no gas money! Lol
lol it's crazy ate moms are a like
Wonderful project! I love it when people dream BIG!
Ppl already know what it is when they drop your iphone..
Thank you for joining us and helping to make it our biggest and best show ever.
Okay, April's final has been set free! Now onto May and Stamp Out Hunger!
Do you need more napkins
Apocalypse now at the Josephine... So psychedelic.
Maybe that Klein on nashville is a dolt, so what? Renne is the glue, eh?
Thanks. Was fun to work on.
yay! North Central Counterpoints
Can't sleep!! Looks like another sleepless night for me :(
Saturday I'm going to be at Keller's, 2912 Eubank NE, from 1-4. Come by and get some sauce!
And a special thanks to for making me laugh harder than I have in a really long time
I can be reached via email at
the antlers are brilliant. By far one of the most underrated bands.
god damn my sisters are so fucking annoying
Okay, this RP is screwing with my head. Every Tike moment I see is "aww my parents are cute" -_-
Thinking the Fates might be meaning my library career to lead to one in writing. I wouldn't mind that a bit.
That awkward moment when 4Cars approach intersection @ same time & some1w/ natural leadership qualities raises hand!! Occurs ea. Day4 me!!
do you say that #ouch lmao
i think i need a chocolate stash in my desk.
THIS DAMN GAME IS NOT OVER\
and my dad said "No honey, that's a BOY lion. It has a mane. See?" So I said, "Then HIS name is JENNY."
I'm bad at guessing age..the only one who looked at me was late 30s I'd guess
Totally into it. We're not Santo and Johnny. We're Cento and Randy.
O_o What I Do???
Seriously, is there anyone on this planet Earth that hasn't talked shit about me behind my back?
Click on a YouTube video and a 15 sec add comes on and u think "well I did really need to see it"
do u watch it on ur iPad?
saw your dad "Uncle Fred" at the coffee shop the other day. He looks great...& is such the socialite! The owner knows him by name!
SushiMadre is super good!
step into prosthetics
i couldn't log on to my old one, don't know why
Holy cows. Tonight was insane !!!
which bowlers do you think should be picked for the first south Africa test?
Tea Bagger's for Santorum might want to play with Google once in awhile.....
let them pay u for dumb penalties ..m..fun!!:-)
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act. - Buddha
"Not very Fast, but plenty Furious: Walnut Street Drift"
yes we do well 30 sandwich minimum to drive to you :)
Sorry, we are looking for a minimum length of 50 minutes. Good luck though!
That's my vision! I read that somewhere too. Can't remember either. I have some articles about it, might be in there.
Nice day outside... Now I know some of yall women finna bust it open
that's it ... Henry Rodriguez is the absolute worst. THE *WORST*
that is SO creepy
RT : A3: Do your research and if they have a list, find who youre looking for. If youre new, ask someone for intros.
Dear America, Mitt won't detail plans because he'll throw the country on top of the car and roll it off a cliff. Love, Seamus
While waiting for the right person, have fun with the wrong one.
Patch printer software? You mean a driver update? Which model?
#13Days and you can be our #BOYFRIEND !!!! So excited !!
Key can you PM me your email or phone?
yum. In cold blood, preferably
I like the way you think. I'm not sure about the 3rd. What's up?
umm he is only follow like 40 out of his 14,000 followers!
Where else can you earn 9-13% on your investment money? Learn more at www.littleoldladybuyshouses.com
So glad I got to know you
DAMN COMMERCIALS!
check out www.saynplay.com for your son
Provost Pauly: Wow. After Dental students erupt with silly string and one inflatable monkey upon granting of their degrees.
RT : Never assume someone likes you for their sweetness. Sometimes, you’re just an option when they’re bored.
Cleaning- 8/8/02 northwest airlines letter- your request for a peanut free environment has been forwarded..asked them to refrain from..
aww, damn. How long are you gonna be down? I'm in the Bay til Monday.
what up u.... How u doin tonight
I must complain the cards are ill shuffled till I have a good hand. ~Jonathan Swift
Watching this t.v show this gyal face tough like alligator back. Lol:)
haha its my favorite :)
Don't pay "lip service" to your "word-of-mouth" strategy - done right, you have armed your "advocates" with your differentiators - powerful
No, loved Holly and Leah. :Does anybody still watch So missing Sorry
#nyy #yankees Teixeira has more RBIs than Cano and ARod (and Prince Fielder for that matter). Now here comes the BUT.............(continued)
A whales vagina.
Heartbreaking! #SanDiego in mourning RT Junior Seau's dad visited the growing memorial outside his son's home in Oceanside
Good start boys! Let's keep it going...
great chat! , wishing you lovely tomorrows
Clairton High School wassup #SCRSCReamTeam is the building lets get LIVE!!!
Fajita Pizza Recipe You don't need to go to a fancy gourmet pizza place to get great unique pizza. You can easily make it at home with re
I just coughed so hard that I think I blew out my gooch.
A new back to music sweeper is occupying #productionvault now
If you followed or RT my life will be more than complete! (: I love you!
I'm with & my cousin Carlishaw where u at
escorted to stage last year at the 3pm mark. #timeforanupdate?
i guess.
yep the guy who almost cut my hair it is his 2nd time coming after me w/ sissors 4 my har
Booted and suited this AM for - Tune into at 7:40
It’s a good day.... to eat more chickin.
Just got back from intv w/ travel agent, great deals for memorial day wknd/ early summer/ need intv for 10/any takers?
Had an argument with your mom..and you overhear her on the phone telling people her version of it.
Thanks for the RT Dan! Thought you might like that one!
Back in Tampa!!
you can make a bg written Austin Mahone please?
RT : Hipster jury ruled Oracle and Google are lame for using Java.
Always interesting (if you like SEO): MC Hammer Launching "Deep Search" Engine WireDoo
just thinking
can Bo get our zone offense squared away by Thursday? They struggle against average zones.
High school personalities.
Appreciate the mention! Hope you're having a wonderful week Leslie :)
johannesburg,south africa he's using precise bio/publicity photo for hip-hop marketing advice
Piers Morgan's interruptions are ruining the flow of your interviews...
uh no
Yes, of course I realize. I only tweet about serious relationships...like the ones we have with our sporting interests.
and ballers going to ball #Wayne .lol
I have stories for you for tomorrow! Haha
thanks for the intro to !
starting my masters degree today. Let's do this.
If my skin was at least one shade lighter, I would totally dye my hair platinum blonde.
my movie name would be
LOL @ No Basketball Anymore
Come out to the Fca carnival at Avon high school from 12-4!!
That's great! I'm glad their funding came through. I'm sure they worked hard at getting it! Let me know if you need me to ship.
“: Getting ready to speak Student Summit.” go get em
You are missed! Our future U.S. Attorney aka littlest Quinn came over for dinner & met the pup. Please come visit us soon.
How much longer does Wedge keep putting Brendan Ryan in the lineup with his lack of offensive production?
“: Rules for texting a girl: 1. Don't take too long to reply 2. Use good grammar 3. Ask questions 4. Use the :) face”
I prefer rubber stamps.
Things that make me have stabbing fantasies for $100 Alec.
Of course!
the truth is relative when it comes to judging music ... I Everyone has their own opinions
RT Lidstrom on #RedWings taking penalties: You can't let the officiating throw you off your game. No excuses.
Welcoming our newest member Ronmann @ www.myfreegenealogy.com
Sometimes, I don�t have the answers to everything but a good laugh will suffice
What Just Made My Day >>> Lmfaoooo
in two weeks from tomorrow we will be in DC to pray and serve in our Nations Capitol! Retweet if ur a part of
Hi there! Great meeting you too. Have been slammed this past week, but will get back to you shortly.
anyone know anyone who makes good backgrounds?? i need a new one
Might want to use a 'greater than' sign next time. RT : angry now<<<<<<<love you later. Do it.
It's that time of year again! The Half-Off Hotel Sale starts Nov. 17th, do you have your half-off hotel picked out? (We're one of...
Don't think they'll be competing for same kids.
You don't have to be from San Francisco to take advantage of MyGuyTrip's adventures. We help you make the most of your trip to the Bay area.
At home feeling great today but lonely :(
Just a few of my reminders of what a awsome God we serve.
Great time for a first interception!!! Ravens win!!!!
He lives in Canada :| ?
How long have U been in re in Wichita?
I ask the same ? why chick beer when there are so many good beers.. response why have so many flavors of Ice Cream
Grind=Shine.
GUEST ANNOUNCEMENT later today!
Anyone have any brunch suggestions in #milwaukee? Bonus points if they are part of
Our guitarist, , will be passing out flyers to the show tonight at the House of Blues Dallas after the ABR show!
accents won't stop
I am beyond exhausted
are you planning on having any more kids because Gideon and Harper are so adorable!!!! :D
Cool #trivia: April 19, 1770 land was sighted by Captain James Cook in the South Pacific. That land was
Threeve RT : Ditto. RT: : Yes. RT is it spelled gray or grey?
Wanna ps3
Thanks! Yeah, it can be tricky to get one - keep trying though, it's lots of fun :-)
It's an kind of day! Ah!
Cant wait till my boyfriend gets out of school.
lost ones is the realist song I've ever heard. #realshit I could never get tired of this song.
well - there you go. Star Trek it is!
your shape is great really ready ur fine *Thumbs Up High*
Very cool #designs ! Thanks for sharing.
Happily. How ya been?
Life is too short to waste one single second with someone who doesn't appreciate and value you...
RT Just reported a police trap on Stoneyford Rd, Northampton. My mood: speedy, using Waze - Drive Social
All intelligent thoughts have already been thought; what is necessary is only to try to think them again
TWINS! Which race and when?
Let me eat this wall !
That sad moment when a bomber picks a woderful day to have your school on lockdown.Ocon Send the juarez students to get this Dude.
OMG. i almost pooped my pants that was so funny.
How to Get Paid THOUSANDS of Times Per Day
Whoa... Twitter's getting violent tonight... This is better than watching television.
oh guuuuurl! Did it look like she look like she applied her make up via shotgun?
I didn't even think about that!
No you just my new follower that's all.
A couple of my students are learning #Daytripper & it's really comin together! I love this job :)
Asdfghjkl JUSTIN'S IN VEGAS TOO?! I wish I could stalk them. Wait, I can. Twitter. Muahahahaha.
The laundry is teaching children racism.
RT : : "If i'm not leading people to Jesus, chances are i'm leading them to myself."
gettin paid every week is the shit
what you miss about it?
What ever happened to the Jonas Brothers? Are they married now or gay or wtf is going on with them?
Happy Pi Day! :)
You must've gotten lost in "Deep" thought...get it?! Hehehe
If you'd like an old-fashioned HTML email reminding u of the next Rhapsodomancy reading 2 wks b4 it happens, email
"Stronger" by Kelly Clarkson might be the best produced Pop Song since the ABBA songs.
"special teams ACE Jarrett Bush" #FreeComedyTuesday (via )
Do you have a car yet?
My ear hurt my tooth hurt I'm just in pain
#Masters Golf - Who cares about Tiger Woods? Kick Clubs. Fine him. Stop paying his fees! Always been a bad sport. KARMA KARMA KARMA KARMA
I agree..I have been voting nonstop as well!
don't worry disappointed in the not
Friday (8/19) is World Humanitarian Day...what will you be doing to help people??
Seeking to connect with Development/Fundraising Professionals-current openings in Seattle!
Going to the Denver  vs. St. Louis  game.  GO BRONCOS!! 
Penguins 0-3 in playoffs when playing following a Pirates loss. 2-0 when following a Pirates win.
I'm a duck.
damn it, i have a bloody nose. facccck!
tonight-tea, me & writing poetry
#dontbetardy new episode
Had a great time in Madison with Now rooting for the Brewers to pick it up at Miller Park
good thought
soo one day i was on twitter , saw 's twitter went on his youtube account and BAM! fell in love! <3 :D
[Matt7:12] Lord Christ said that all things whatsoever we desire that others should do to us we should do even so to them. Let's love others
To all the Moms in Chula Vista and beyond, we wish you a very Happy Mother's Day!
No time to talk, just HI and BYE, but for you babe i would give up a million, billion, trillion <3
Next up: LiVE classic rock&roll at Who's On First #boston across from #Fenway after the sox-yanks game this Saturday!
when someone tweets every 5 seconds...i finally quit reading them. you?
Thinking on FABIO! OK he's really NOT that cheesy! In amazing shape. We gazed into e/othrs eyes @ Chiro last eve!
Join my wife & I at 10am Sat.(Denver).We present "Tweet Your Way Into Professional Development
The time is always right to do what is right. - Martin Luther King Jr.
indeed! More foodiness for a few more hours tomorrow!!
Chilean Mask: Smash a handful of red grapes in a bowl.Add 2 tbl. of white flour with the grapes, and apply the mask to your face for 10 min!
...well...i mean if we're being honest here...
Sorry but I'm already Brunos Dog :P
Oh HAI Seattle :)
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!
easy now mate!
Spectacular. Well, actually. xD Haha no im kidding it was great! yours?
#NeverShouldYouEver Focus on the past, focus on the future. <3
Why is showing scary pics of China's military w/ headline "China Takes on U.S. Military Might"? We're not at war with them.
Curious to know if you'll be giving up the grains when the contract ends? I'm sure you catch a lot of hell for it.
Imagination is more important then knowledge.
ok... gotcha!
hahaha nice. Had tennis in the spring 7th period. Turned in to senior our after the season!
Now offeing Jimmy coco designer airbrush tans...
great find!
#threewordstoliveby life is short.
A movie is being filmed on campus. The extras playing undergrads are all much better looking & more properly dressed than real students.
lol thank you
That awkward moment when you're 5'8 and wear petite jeans.
Oops--forgot tag: Duderstadt on to potential for "uni's in and of the world" that redefine mission on broader, even int'l, scope.
<< Ig bitches will be bitches
#daydreambeliever on a rainy day
's "disintermediation" slide at #AAUP11 has me rereading the anthros of mediation: , W. Mazzarella, , etc.
Good to hear.
Hugo Viana is nothing short of incredible. Right now, FAR outshines Martins as a player.
Headed to church with my brothers and Dad
I'd rather rest in a sauna than row through a lagoon.
I'm really happy we sold our couch but I am really missing it while watching these games. Beach chairs coming trough in clutch instead.
Boring Night -.-
Walking to class and seeing two girls giving each other hickeys thats cute guys....
i know but thank you
UFO Ensemble @ The Kosmos tonight. It's gonna be a great evening, AND Tractor Brewery's serving up goodies on tap! Hurray!
why should it be? I was talking about a shirt I would like. And I will I just haven't gotten around to it yet
I want to get a tattoo. What's the Japanese symbol for "I'm going to regret this in ten years"?
Thanks. We have a reporter and a photog in Orange right now, going to stay night in Beaumont. Might go to High Island tomorrow.
yup.. Oh well lol.
saddest part is even if it as successful as the city hope it will still cost city tax payers $500K
my #Autistic son nothing but my #adhd son took different like focalin n depakot. Im not sure of the spelling.
Women should keep condoms on them to !!
Just learned what a retweet is.
Hey where are you? We are tweeting and need #twexperts... Need #retweet assistance.
addicted to glamour
And the heat lost,ohh how sweet it is.,However #Yankees u let me down once again.
- Thanks for following ...... Hope you have an amazing weekend!!! :)
Giving a presentation with #keynote. How reliable is the mobile remote app? Tests fine. Don't want to end up with egg on my face tomorrow.
RT : Another tiebreaker lost for the Jets
You'll be surprised how much fun single life actually is
Just saw a bald eagle soar over the lake, first spotted by Have to take my word for it. Too fast for my camera. Happy 4th!
on the #Grammys!! ❤
I wanna see!
alternative approach to reducing urban crime would be Jim Brown's successful Amer-I-Can program. Have him on your show.
Qwrap Matt from Washington DC signing out. Thanks 2 everyone from the great chat!
Are you in Los Angeles
not drinking just like
Wow people at the Florence Kentucky store are so friendly *rolls eyes*
N' the Lab
I don't think I'll be back on, so goodnight.
Follow me on #instagram I follow back -
Just sent you a Linkedin msg to see if you are available to present at SIC2012.
A fanatic is someone who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
Looks like it will be hot the rest of the week I will dress in shorts
Y this lady keep lookinq at me and lmao I wanna BURST OUT && laugh but I can't they keep looking over here at here at us.
Dude traveled his ass off
This bitches gettin nasty ..,
At widespread panic tonight. I don't know if i like hippies that much...
Thanks express for giving me a lil MN history in DC. Today in 1978, Muriel Humphrey filled the Senate seat of her late husband H.
Missed service tonight? Just want to hear it again? Contact to get a copy of the audio from tonight's service.
Who doesn't want free beauty products?! Last day to enter my giveaway... Woot woot!!!
So what the world doing?
I wish I did
Omg yeah
I won already. I am Commissioner of Publicity :-)
u can bite me anytime lol
There's a dog barking in the class next door...
#NP my fav Band- The Kings of Leon
aww that's so sweet of you to say that ;)
Hey Greg, shout out from the Midwest. Are we going to see that kid cloud design posted by Plndr? Going to Vegas & want that tank!
It is summer! We had NINE groups go out last night.
“We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.”~Kurt Vonnegut
So over them,
Hey Yogie! How are you? Great new cover!!!!
Bah. I took the #mbta and it wasn't raining as hard as I thought it would be. Bought a donut to make me feel better for not bicycling.
why havnt I seen you since you moved back? Or your new little guy? My puppy gets here April 10th
lol I had a rant about bet
Watching Pokemon like a boss. I remember this show came out when I was in 1st grade.
Mario! What's the best PC laptop to buy for 1,400 (including the windows operating system) and where? Thanks!
That's pretty awesome
We got our first legit DVD-R the other day - trying to decide what to do...
probably was
where are you?
When boys can't stand to see you with a sad look on your face. ♥
if it wasn't for your Great Grandma, you might not have
Down! RT : what up then!! Let's race!!
Excellent! How is my favorite Laredoian doing?
thanks for your response however i'm unable to send her a direct message because she's not following me...
ROCK STAR WEATHER 2day! 57°F! That's right :) It's so amazing there is snow on the Sandias & almost 60° weather in
Don't you hate when people pronounce apartheid or Neanderthal incorrectly? No? So.. it's just me, then.
oh man that might encourage some folks I know...
Gevey pro u can buy it on our site or our eBay store.
Did u know that Disney is now allowing Cast Members to have beards, etc. I didn't realize they couldn't, but I wonder what Walt would think!
thanks bro
Like, you ignore all the other hoodrats, just to be with her. Then BAM you get dicked.
I keep watching, though I don't feel like it's lived up to the promise of the pilot.
Going to bed hmm.. Goodnight.. ?:) would say dave but he doesnt respond anymore :'/ love u david <3 :)
Your french is on point Marcel!
oh yeah!
Why do homework when u can slam a Vol? #thewolkenway RT : That play pretty much sums up Trae Golden's career.
My son was willing to sit in his stuff forever. My darling girl squeals like a pig as soon as she's the least bit wet or dirty.
considering the fact that uuuuhh
Follow if you enjoy music.
a lovely goal! Just a few bucks a day
Don't let your ego get too close to your position, so that if your position gets shot down, your ego doesn't go with it
If you want to win a race you have to go a little berserk.
I font care what says, its gay if its in a 3 way
looking for #rails folks in the bay area. #api experience is a major plus. great team with exciting work! contact me for details
follow me & pretty please? :)
Of course! Did you at least get something good for falling off the gluten-wagon? I've been craving a croissant all day...
haha oh man what a tragic ending
truth hurts oh well
Injustice may be wiped out, but human disputes and natural limitations cannot be eliminated.
I made my mommy a wall hanging in ceramics class for mother's day 
Black Widow, without a doubt or hesitation. ;)
LISTENING TOO: // Murderer ..Loosing my shit, just making the bed and bam.. start loosing it.
are u single? lmfao
Did everybody make at home....
hope you're having a good day everything okay well, H
haha, awesome :) i am so mad i couldn't go lol
Dad has been piddling with his watch a few hours every night. I say get a less complicated watch!
Each team can only be picked once.
You bet I am! Looking forward to hearing a show in Seattle. Say hey to home in Astoria for me!
I used to go to Bally's...until I realized that gyms aren't supposed to be dark and depressing
RT : Hey English Majors ...wondering what to do with your degree? Think social media, content creation, digital marketing
Oh yes mam I will try my hardest to step up my game #WhatsUpWithThat 
wow. That make me feel old!! Haha
I really don't like you. RT The phrase "opposites attract" does not apply here RT WHY AM I A WEIRDO MAGNET?!
Thank you! My most international birthday ever!
Open today from 2pm-8pm! PAM is a great place to study (and checking out free movies isn't too bad either!)
You bet
I've always had that. It's the occasional public ranting and fist-pounding (metaphorically) that I need to do more often.
wow when I heard DR wasn't playing I didn't even watch cuz he's there like best player
Yeah. It would be cool to live there. Super expensive though. Hopefully itll be what I expect it to be.
Man... who else is glad we got Sundays loss out of the way?
The bottom line is that it's all worth the trouble!
Most inappropiate thing spongebob has said-"Yeah sizzle those juices":P
I get the bunny, baskets and eggs part but the rest of these posts, it seems people are discovering Viagra.
Thanks! It's quite good - really!
what happened?
Day 99 of 100: I am thankful for seeing/feeling very clearly again when I go for my heart - or not (OMG, 99!!!)
life's all about those little imperfections that make us human..
A mole can dig a tunnel 300 feet (91 m) long in just one night.
Thought this was 4 u LOL! ": get out of Houston you traitor. You're no longer welcome here. Die slow."
My mom look about 20 with her hair short.. Maybe she can find her a new man.. *crosses fingers*
But very nicely done.
Tomorrow is going to be one hell of a rough day.
i hate funerals
haha how about you do A work and then it is not even an issue! Chocolate is just not good. White chocolate or vanilla thumbsup
Being a #smallbiz owner, does your business have an advisory board?
OK INSTEAD OF A NIGGA MAKIN THINGS RIGHT AT HOME HE RATHER MAKE THINGS WORSE BY GOIN OUT..FUCKN
God the south is fucked up.
Frank Vogel talking crap about the it's gonna be some extra fuel for this series
Am I buying into the hype if I admit wearing wayfarers makes me feel cool?
#NowPlaying Liquor-Store Blues
Get free promotion for yourself on the url on my page. let's trade follows. interested? :)
One day I was seeking God, and I found Him. But isn't it crazy that a God of infinite power longs to be with us?
Niggas Then Brought Me Out There...Like I Dont...#BeOutThere!
edible ink
Happy birthday my dear friend!!! I hope your day is off to a beautiful start!!!
How was your Turkey Day?
mom still is iffy about it so you might still get him.
Were any of the current Thunder players on the team when they were in Seattle?
Ravens DC Chuck Pagano is the new coach of the Colts... Thoughts??
Loved GONE GIRL and am really liking WHAT DIES IN SUMMER. I'm hoarding the ABOSOLUTIST and ISTANBUL PASSAGE - seem like sure bets!
probably not... I don't think I will be landing until late Saturday evening. :(
Although my pic didn't win (Jericho) still one of the best Rumbles ever! Very entertaining
you stopped talking to me :c
and you know that the add on show would be your current new favorite piece of music.
with John Adams, John Hancock, the Black Horse and the Cherry Tree!
Hell yeah RT : Your a dope rapper!
Check out our win against Delbarton today at 3pm on MSG Varsity
No, it sounds great. Thx for the lead and the RT! MB
Think Like A Man ;& Your Heart Won't Feel No Pain ;)
There are close to 40 #ARVO2012 posters that reference Reichert Ocular Response Analyzer. Understand the #cornea, understand the pressure.
Christian Bale's fake Latino accent in Harsh Times might be worse than Al Pacino in Scarface. I didn't think that was possible until now.
dance it up Kajon!
Heading over to Union Square to see if anything is going on for #MayDay yet. If I don't come back, I've probably been arrested.
On the set for Eric Robeson's new joint featuring Chubb Rock...hot day for the Summertime Anthem!
I found me somebody to love <3
Keep your head up it always gets great later!!!
My prayers have been answered. #simmonsisback, you're going to learn about fantasy fb tonight
lol Don't be so hard on yourself. I think you have beautiful eyes. Girl, embrace your beauty!! :)
Loving this fall weather!
RiverFront Investment Group, LLC Named Money Management Institute&#39;s Advisory Solutions Emerging Manager of the Year
Dear Thirst, you rock my world. Thank you for awesome and proving just how powerful design.
Hank always has the right answer to a problem - enjoy! :)
Irby gets so open that not even David Ash could miss him. Punch it in!
Wow 95 million for one player. How much do these NFL teams make?
I feel your pain, Kingsley. If they don't step up next game, I am personally driving to LA and bitch slappin' all of them.
they don't got clothes boo. true afterglow ent.
Rubio needs to bide his time, wait til 2016. Mitt's a sinking ship. RT Mitt Romney to campaign in Pennsylvania with Sen. Marco Rubio.
RT : I hate it when I make plans, get excited and shit don't talk through as planned. #ShitIsFuckingAnnoying <---
It is so nice outside <3
Fantastic. Keep us posted? We're working on an independent production as well - follow us for more info!
Yeah Osama is apparently dead....This could be actually very very bad depending on how fuc%ed up in the head the dude replacing him is.....
Shout out to , HAPPY BIRTHDAY BAAABBYYYY! (: Love ya girl!
my life is the most complicated shit ever right now..
I cant sleep or shower when no ones home. My anxiety goes crazy
If I did I would've capitalized the A.
Call Me Maybe♥♥
hahahaha top flight security!
Can't wait! RT: Signed up for the #Cbus - can't wait for July and the happiest 5K on Earth!
A hearty hats-off to Bryan's Level One Class for a terrific performance last night. You've done well, Level Ones. And we are proud.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Thanks for the mention (and sorry for the slow response!)
Demi Moore rushed to hospital for seeking treatment for 'exhaustion'...oh well
so happy for you and Steve!!
A Beautiful Mind
Lol I look like today
I had a dream that I met last night. It felt so real. :(
My pleasure! Well, kinda.
whats up people???
don't worry, I quit a while ago 😉
Rush Limbaugh apologized to student Sandra Fluke cuz it would hurt his pocket. I doubt if advertisers didn't pull out. He always (cont)
Hanuman by Rodrigo y Gabriela is like fireworks in my brain.
Or #Caps fans how's this. Horn horn horn OBAMA! Horn horn horn OBAMA!
everyone please follow my Labrats Buddies
Lmao I just witnessed a girl throw up in front of me from hitting the bong
we sure would like to participate as a farbicator and distributor of architectural bldg products. WBE & Detroit based.
thank you so very much . I appreciate that
This evening I'm going to see Dave Mescon in Haight-Ashbury. We haven't meet since 11/May/2001 in Colorado. That is 9.93 years ago.
Doing well and happy 2 start new year. Congrats on your election 2012 listing!
George Savile, Complete Works, 1912I cannot afford to waste my time making money
Register in our showroom this month to win a couples massage from LaBella Spa & a $150 gift card to the Melting Pot. TheBlindManNM.com
Snooki is engaged... lotsssssssssssssssssssssa ladies are feeling depressed right about now
Rammstein!!! Friday, May 18th at Jobing.com Arena. I cannot wait!!!!!
My ph is wirdo. I lost most ppl ph#s. Please text me your numbers. Thanks
It was one of those jokes that I needed more like 160 characters to properly articulate. Yep, I'm blaming the medium.
you're welcome! Enjoy your day.
Erik's pressure is down from from 54 to 26, praise the Lord, keep praying! It needs to be below 20.
we should see more of these stories covered
#Foreverfly they mad cuz they can't beat us or join us
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands. One for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
RT : ARTISTS WHO WANT A SPOT IN OUR NEW MAGAZINE ISSUE FT T-PAIN's GROUP "ONE CHANCE"? HIT US . Yeah, www.pinksick.com
Weather like this isnt going to freeze the tundra #packers www.allwidoiswin.com
7 is not coming fast enough!!
agreed... needs to get w/ the program. Maybe can help her w/ that too?
You'll definitely enjoy the movie regardless, but you should track down Captain America if you can. I think you'd love it.
I heard dubstep in the Wrath of the Titans Tv spot. So so so fitting.
well get something to you next week that cool? How do you wanna work it
I need some kush
I have not blogged about solar sector in a while..maybe its time I do!
Hey I am headed to Sharks for dinner tonight based upon your recommendation!
When my pillow is cold >
lol could have fooled me
Q2. Yes! Mobile first is great. Mobile optimized websites are the first step we recommend when beginning a mobile strategy
That's fantastic! I'm glad you got to go and glad you had a good time!
You pull one quote out of the air like it establishes orthodoxy. The guy committed suicide & that speaks volumes.
That was a really nice piece! Thank you for sharing that.
“: always roll with a book” [words to live by]
So both LA NBA teams #3 and #4 found out why the other teams finished #1 and
took 2.exams in 56 mins in done thank god
um hold her :-) how else will I meet the tiny tot
Plotting at Starting something new and my new recruits are super stoked! I've been buzzing about this for a week. More soon
Take you down , I really wanna take you down;)
I see you becoming more YOU today.
Awesome!! Can I find a clip online?
RT : Desk Set is one of my favorite movies of all time! Viva La Bunny! //me too!
Abt to go in to school see y'all at 2;45
is a cool #imagine :D
Wanna thank God for everything I do have rather than for asking for what I don't #Thankyougodalways <3💗🙏
Holy musical b was pretty good hahaha
Restore us again, O God our Savior, and put away your displeasure toward us. Psalm 85:4
RT Just ran into Denver coaches buying pizza 4 bus ride home.He apologized 4 terrible game. Thinks Jays have some replacing to do.
- or how you had 2 wait 4 the nintendo power mag 2 come out, or word of mouth 4 clues to beat a game.
thank you for dropping by! Love your photos!
network network network Make sure you're adding key contacts if you're on Linked In (and looking for your next job)
Thanks for the followfriday mention, polite people! Have an artful Saturday!
Happy Mothers's Day to you too, babygirl!!! I was still laughing at that eyelash story... Haha! My dilemma today is Doobie or wig?
Haven't brewed a batch at home in a bit. I'm starting to get the itch. Might have to part the sea of boxes and rifle out a batch this week.
The moral this time is girls make boys cry.
Join us in wishing a very Happy Birthday two of our crew, Creature FX artist Don Bumgarner and Sound Designer Julian Evans.
Hey everyone, hope all is going well! I've got a joke for the day! Look below for the joke! Have a great day!!! :)
Got so many books to read that I can't get caught up! This is what happens when I'm busy & sick & stop reading for a while!
#RVA Career Adventurers ~ Are you following ? A Change Agent bringing you local info on Jobs, Co info & More! Get on board!
RT BiancaMPrieto: A survey crew found the remains Monday afternoon. Police say its a male and no foul play. Bones being collected.
SportCenter Question of The Night: Doris Burke, "how many 7-footers in the country are seven feet?" She stumped me!
I love losing followers! C'mon, keep unfollowing, this is exciting!!!
Just saw the space shuttle land here at JFK. I avoided a pat-down thanks to the distracted TSA agents.
lol I'm literally sitting in my car.
's #RockCracklePop is the best thing you'll see today.
Now Playing ♪ She Sells Sanctuary (Long Version) by The Cult
old crow medicine show.wagon wheel was the first song I learned on the guitar. I just got lost most the time..
You're welcome! I'm just sorry you've been missing out on its brilliance for so long.
ps. it just cracks me up,that he has over 40,000 followers. The whole following thing can be sad, when 4 many, it's just a #'s thing
Taking it to the Next Level.
just plenty of drugs and alchohol.
Let's party!!! Heading over in 20 min. We start at 6.
If I had all the money in the world I would so live in Topshop (y)
My client United Through Reading is scheduled for NBC Nightly News With Brian Williams Friday. Their producers and reporters are awesome!
I am doing nada today total chill mode besides my body is aching I need a massage
how about the Buffaleap for the jump into tge stands
Canvassing in Milwaukee. Just got a new email address from Joyce who's telling all her friends how to #OwnYourVote and wants to get involved
drunk on warm boxed wine and over soyed day old Chinese food while watching Lucy reruns in his underwear?
I <3 kush. Just wish my bestfriend was here.
No one's stopping to see if I need help cuz I have MN plates lol. Loyal Packer fans.
The good news is...I'm listening to Zaireeka!!!
I strongly dislike Ron Artest! Worldpeace my ass
I think you can tell from my photo that you're a huge inspiration to me. Hope i win!!!!
2morrows my first day off in a while. What should i do? I'm thinkin buy new running shoes, smoke, workout, smoke, play music, smoke, etc
Yes it is. I was the on set Doctor for the movie.
Wow!!! Wow! Debacle!
wtf??? wow thats horrible. He has horrible kids im sorry. He would NEVER raise them to be that. horrible
: sorry dude, but can't make it out to Matsumoto's. Too far and i got Bible Study at 5:30... Maybe next time
Broadcaster Distances Itself From News Corp. - New York Times
HAHAHHAA. SWEAT?, OH ROBERT.
Garlic is amazeballs.
Man .. Next week at dwills im making tacos!! Got to
I think my heart stopped beating for a minute. Thanks, Bryce. Appreciate it bro.
Excellent film! RT : See it!! RT : It looks like Drive is coming to Netflix Watch Instantly on Wednesday.
Oh geez. Spandau Ballet. On Muzak.
Good luck Ian.
Some #reasonstoloveTheAUC? Our awesome library!
"Suddenly there came a tapping, As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door."
yay! Thank you!
Big Shoutout to my newest follower ;-)
Thanks for the #FF. I love key lime pie but alas, has stopped carrying it!
Rapping fried chickens thats eating watermelon
You bringing the taco dip?
Today TFG will be conducting our first interview with Image 1st Miami! Wish us luck & stay tuned for the final product! BTW, Happy NYE!
speed on pole looking to be what realistically this year? 220.....218?
I keep forgetting that. Not that I'm worried about the number. All I have to do is feed the bots if I want a bigger number. :)
Happy Friday the 13th
I Want Sold Out Soundgarden tix from !!!!!
Studying in the children's room of Bender Library and feeling like a little kid again
let me know if you're free between sessions for coffee!
thesmartguyJust talked with Mark Barreres from www.USAMusician.net. He is a person who loves to network business and the arts.
Laying down had a great birthday
please cheer me up I just lost my best friend this has to be the worst day ever:'((((((
Verdict is in. Jury returning to deliver it.
Think you can text and drive? My story may make you think again. Watch NBC 6 today starting at 5pm
Stoughton Police Department Achieves Certification - Stoughton, MA ...
my foot is fractured thanks to you
Exercise and swimming with has jostled me slightly out of existential crisis. Almost better than buying shoes!
finally catching up on rhnyc ... love these women!
let go tomorrow.
Buddy Story opens Buddy is a struggling NYC musician touring the northeast with his pet turtle. Buddy's neighbor Susan seeks an opportuni
Looked up the 2 books you mentioned. Pat Conroy's My Reading Life looks like one I'd enjoy. May try to read it soon.
outside of where the ice rink is in the winter, now summer - LSF bar much fun!
You TOTALLY win! Frames beat pixelated images ANY DAY!! LMAO!!!
Who should I bother right now?? Cant think of anyone who would be awake.
Every job is a self-portriat of the person who does it. Autograph your work with excellence.
Bye bye Leif, sadly this is not a season where smart people were cast
I've never seen Titanic or Avatar. I like Cameron's other stuff but those 2 don't interest me at all.
Interested to see how this Red Tails do, because the real Tuskegee Airman was no joke!!
please follow (: ily
Hello there. I'm great, thank you for asking!
u should've kept napping, ppl in L.A. having nightmares rite now! #clippers still a young team tho. Future looking bright!
providence iS completely silent right now.
not from the stage btw(he peaked out the curtain bf the show..it was literally a glance)
Is bringing sexy back? Tonight at 9p I interview the Chicago-area doctor who introduced the anti-cellulite treatment.
Congrats, guys! Sorry I couldn't make it to the shoot. Next time!
Good morning. I'm getting ready to write a book review...Hope you know it's Tuesday and not Monday. The holiday mixed me up.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
This Sat. at is our Marshal/Driver meeting. Big thanks to all the volunteers who make the a player favorite
I assume everyone in tv has weave now. Lol So last time, my mom and I were watching tv and each time a person came on, we were like (c)
I just realized it is late by resting my chin on the rim of a cup. I am tired as fuck.
#pcampboston take the time to observe your users workflow to understand how to add most value
The race is about to happen! #anxious I better win!
I'm tired and stressing cause my dad has surgery tomorrow so glad this is the last of his surgeries tomorrow
Like 20 songs written for a possible 6 song EP! It's ben a hell of a writing process.
AIM = the original Facebook/Twitter status
The worst partvabout school is waking up early, besides that i dont mind
God! If it wasn't late start I wouldn't of missed the twitcam!
With everything going on in our world, what do you feel are some things the individual can do to best bring about positive change?
hm........ Already had something sweet from Mcdonalds.....
Love V...best show ever....
Love the name!
O_o RT I wudn't be mad If my 28-Year-Old Teacher Took my Virginity In the closet of the classroom .
I love the way you lie... Haha JUST KIDDING! If you lie to me again, I will throw a brick at your face.
I promise to get checked in 2011. Thanks for the inspiration !
Thanks for the
Throw his ass off the ring LOL
going to set up a writing suite in one of my spare bedrooms, miss having my system online.
Sharks arent the bad guys. If some stranger entered my house in just a speedo, I would probably attack him too! (:
Alright alright I'm up.....
I've been reading up about personal brands and I'm confused. How are personal brands bad?
Never knew I could feel like this, like I've never seen the sky before. Want to vanish inside your kiss and I love you until the end of time
I'm guessing I'd be glad to work for/with anyone whose first instinct is to contact this reporter.
I agree. You must see hangover2. Also don't forget to see #harrypotter next month on my B-day.
I dream my paintings and then I paint my dreams. *Vincent Van Gogh*
had my girlfriend for the test c; lol
My work email isn't responding this morning. Maybe that's a sign I should call it a holiday weekend early?
I give up. "My Futuristic Nonfiction Novel about the Transformation of Religion is a combination of religion and science fiction"
TONIGHTS THE NIGHT!!! 7PM at the Gate w/ The New Post, When Lambs Became Lions, Corsair (Fresno), and Streetside Vinyl! COME SEE US!!
. ❤ RT : My Little Sister Is SO Awesome
Smart group! “: Thanks for taking time to indulge with insight into the industry & landing jobs!”
when I ask a question, I want an answer..not another question!! Dangit!
happy late Easter <3
- Would you be interested in speaking at the 2009 Engagement and Experience Expo, it seems to be a good fit for u?
Just discovered by my 4 year old: Classic Tom & Jerry. Verdict: funniest thing EVAR!!!!111one
ew I don't like casserole! Such a fatty! Hahahaha
we're celebrating the lords day at Disneyland.
You know all the yinzers are hating because you weren't watching the game...lol.
which undrafted horn's more likely to land on a team next year? Tucker, Gideon, Snow or Whittaker?
yes! wooooohoooo hahaha. I dunno about sharing basketball after a bar, that scares the shit out I'd me, but totally is Susie lol
This season of #Bachelorette is shocking. A Black guy!
watching lifetime movies always wanted me to start breast feeding
Still in shock about this #Patriots loss, Bills look like the real deal
Tune into Eyes on the Future tmrw 10am on for recruiting trends, interview tips from
rosie flores is such a badass. also: kentucky!
Damn proud of my team. Wouldn't take anyone else in the state over them.
Wow, well that is GOOD info. RT : . Yep! The guy in the house I posted had a stroke from eating too much...
Almost lunchtime. Lets see what I can power through
I'm suddenly craving a Grand Slam.
Ken, Kebbi Williams is trying to reach you. He's on FB. Message him yr contact info.
Nailing down more series details this afternoon! Can't wait to share next week. Until then, don't forget to sign up - you can win tomorrow!
call me when you get a sec
fest is July 13-15. Big lineup this year, but I think they're still adding acts. Try to get on there!
Dreaming-System of a Down :)))
Immediate Casting! Do you have a friend who is in a bad relationship? Do they need help? Email your story:
So now like I'm stuck in Chinese talking peoples!!!
The one and only season of Terriers, LOST s1, Breaking Bad s4.
Loved the fried chicken, biscuits and gravy, soup and veggie sides! Too full for more than a spoonful of dessert
Thanks Lacy. Saw your blog post. Great stuff!
"Its a small world because its a small world" best quote of the night its going to be a fun one.
#EBUS118 Class is on twitter tonight. It's awesome to do your homework online. I'd be here anyway W00T!
It's getting hot in here, so take all your clothes!
Didn't you sing that last time IN jorts?? You're on.
U don't have 2 prove your ignorance,V already established that.Attacking Islam doesn't make u a Liberal but n intolerant bigot;)
Bro... I might be moving down to STL... :)
lol yeah I did!! X P
should be a great game tonight - go eagles!
great advice!
I don't get why Obama would come to FAU.
Getting ready for a busy day. M-F 8:30a-11a our doors are open to serve the #hungry and #homeless of #CoHi #DC. See some1 in need? Tell them
Last day of classes! #woo! :)
I don't believe I didn't notice it until yesterday!!! I've been here six years, and in this building for nearly four.
I reported on the National Council conference--#TNC10--and a coworker said I had laid out the case for why we're headed for socialism. Huh?
And I haven't rode the the bus in nearly a month.
Also, new Regina Spektor!
Gonna be on Fox 13 news tomorrow mornin(:
Fall Conference today!Very excited about featured speaker Steve Walfish on Business of Practice & APA Public Relation's doing Media Training
Boxing has become America's tragic theater. Joyce Carol Oates
stitcher radio is a great app.
Levon Helm, drummer and singer for The Band, has died at age 71 >> Time to throw in "The Last Waltz", right ?
I remember when Three's Company ended, I nearly sobbed out loud.
First ROYRIOLES series starts tonight! Time for my young son to learn about cognitive dissonance through baseball.
Best. Idea. Ever.
Never knew my mom could be so mad on mothers day haha
whats up when the sensitivity....come on jessie..lighten up! u dont look so hot//stop hattin...VOTE FOR JEFF!!! A REAL MAN!!
I meant 10...
yeah I got you
This week, Congressman Ed Perlmutter will join us to answer your questions. What should we ask him?
Allergies please go.
Well, the NFL playoffs will occupy a January Saturday. I'll settle for 740 on a Thursday or Friday. ;-)
So... what are you doing tonight? ;)
Ready to go
thanks for the kind words, come drink some riesling!
so Magan Fox is out of Transformer 3
did you end up resolving your Fusion Tables KML to GeoCommons issue? sorry we didn't see it before
Posting of employees rights notice now required on Jan. 31; Board postpones deadline to allow for further education and outreach.
#Kings!!! They're unbelievable. Loving this.
Aha. Damn.
RT : RT: "To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong." ~Joseph Chilton Pearce
#Bulls are looking great! Gotta love the
40 minutes into THE KING's SPEECH and Colin Firth just went from zero to hero in my book!
Duh. I reread my post and saw you could tke it taht way. Sorry not to see you in London...
"Praying For Him" The Hell Happened To You?
It's not over until the clock runs out...Go San Diego Chargers!
i am like so freaking scared
What first got you interested in sports #physical #therapy?
Locke vs. jack
hey!!!!! Are yall outta school yet?
I haven't talked to in a long time. ❔👎
Beautiful morning, but the studio is so cold! Taking my coffee back to bed.
Pumped for UFC tonight. My predictions: Lesner loses, St.Pierre wins, Bisping/Henderson is the best fight and DH wins, loves it.
Merry CHRISTmas everyone! Have a safe New Year! Thanks for following me, thanks for sharing the new video, and thanks for your support!
The Papa John's spot w/Peyton is pretty dang funny.
Yaaay buddy time for go Travis & Wes, give me laughter, action & sex appeal.
#notmyfault the fucker wouldn't go out.so then I blew it harder and splattered wax everywhere...including my face.
Well, Wolf's been bad all year, but yeah, I get that.
nigga who always tryna be down irk my dick !.
time to add more servers (wish wish)
Hey, I just met you.. and this is crazy.. but here's my penis.. so suck it baby ;)
but I'm not ground.. but I brought my extra casing for your phone!
Happy Holidays from Pink Banana Theatre!
Na Na Na Gonna Have A Goodtime Hey Hey Hey it's Fat Albert I luv that show Thanks
wow! Good job!
also cmng up Sun for game hvnt been up yet this yr but heard tailgtng times changed can u fill me in?
Smoke Session with the SBro ~_~
you know what happen with Lila and Ziggy accounts?
I'll make sure that when I go to the concert that I bring Lou a treat to bring you back! (:
what you order??
looking great for the morning! A chance for thunderstorms this afternoon, but a ton of golf to see before!
absolutely beautiful here. I love Nashville!
does anyone promote their business through Google #Adwords? If so does it work for you? Give me a shout!
Was not expecting this to turn out like it did, wow. This is upsetting..
Learning not to settle for anything but the best. :)
happy birthday!! i love you!!
Your followers have come to expect the best.
(And of course it's really easy for me to suggest because all I could be is a matron of honor...).
idk. but i wanna delete my tumblr act.
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU<3 I LOVE ITT 
Dude's voice is out of this world...just pray that he gets good producers for his album!
Love Crow! Crow still terrifies. Will never forget first reading "God went on sleeping. Crow went on laughing." Thank you, Ted.
I think that might make it worse, no? It's too hard, so let someone else do it...
Do you know Billy Vera has a new album coming out in the summer?
I feel guilty for following on Twitter because my mom had such a big crush on back in the day.
#dealbreaker RT I'm a fan of good dental hygiene.
Actually the tea party folk aren't owned by the plutocracy, but they don't realize that's who's funding their movement.
I like 's authentic, humorous voice, asking me to talk back & being a hardcore nerd.
Friendly live receptionists, prime office locations, and guess what? Now with reduced conference rates in New York. Call for details.
: Are you back? Hope all's well!
Dear teachers, emailing my parents does not do anything. Sincerely, were not five.
Bachman's revoking her Swiss citizenship b/c she doesn't want to answer #TeaBagger questions about free healthcare in Stockholm
Thanks Vicente "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
Taylor gone be my YN, since everybody at mhs hate lightskinns
appreciate your perspective!
This is so good.
Another GREAT win by the CLIPPERS over Denver tonight. On to Phoenix tomorrow night. Way to go guys.
She In Love With What I Say Cause I Really Live The Life You Speak Bout!
Loving it A++++++++ Your dancing in the woods at the beginning is too cute.
It's swell!
School 3 sundays in a row...smh!! 2 more weeks!!
Chinese and movie night
my fantasy baseball bench/disabled list keeps growing every day. welcome, torii hunter & matt kemp.
thanks I'll check it out in a bit!
Ron Paul in it for the win!
awesome awesome- how bout u?
George Wallace!
i've been playing with jeenodes and the awesome jeerev/jeemon framework all day. blogpost forthcoming!
The Big Bill Heywood trial about the Steuneberg assassination. Darrow for the defense, Borah for the prosecution.
I still love "killer bod" :]
good morning!
So. exceeded all expectations tonight. Funk. Soul. He owned the air in the room.
Yeah funny how whenever I come over you make me clean your apartment...let's impact that concept. BRING ON THE REPARATIONS!!
best channel ever. Soo under rated!!!!
Tell your sistaaas if they wanna hang out later :D <3
Playing United Way charity poker tournament TC900. Avg is 1125. 35 players left. 10 make the money.
I can't lie about something like that lol
RT : Earth wasnt built n a day.... #dedicated to a bigger purpose
Not like any of it matters tonight because I seem to be staying home.
Buying Jaws soundtrack. Why have I not done this yet? One of my all-time favorite movies.
you make me proud.
I be up in the gym justa workin on my fitness
Eyelash Applications are very popular call us for an appt. 901-794-0553
So without Peyton, will the #Colts cheer "Suck for Luck" now be "Suck with Luck" for the next 2-3 years?
State of Nation's Children precarious: Children’s Leadership Council Urges President and Congress to Renew Focus on Children
What two space exploration entities are based out of #DC?
of course! "Gonna find you!"
Okay... Here come the fouling! Gotta make FTs
Alright - it's freaking hot in here. But it just got ugly!
I knew that was I saw in the ravens facility. Could have finally met the Goob lol
thank you!!
Got a $5.62 drink from for only $2 using my #treatreceipt. Kinda nice eh? :-)
you really piss me of ; idk why i put up w/ your shady ass. gooodfuckingnight!
have you guys started already?
Very prompt response to the approval for our new listing. Thank you
I think j cole gone get off the best
proud of you! good look! sandstroms meet the family!
Why can't I just pass
It WAS working- people already commented on it but I see now that something is wrong. Trying to figure it out. Bummer. Sorry.
try and bob oshaughnessy
Bingo tonight at 7 !!
In the #Nashville area, #text ECIRCLETV to 90210 and be connected with the Spanish TV network. iZigg #mobile puts you in touch!
"In forty-five years I've never seen a tax cut put out a fire or repair a bridge." - Rep. Barney Frank to
Sometimes #DEVO is The #Best Thing to Listen to on a Friday Afternoon. :)
Trying help someone who doesn't want help is pointless. In the end, you'll get hurt
Marshall-ism of the Day: Relationships are like teeter-totter scales. They come together because each side balances the other.
The companion iPhone app is pretty neat. My opinion is biased though ;)
:) Yepp us too. We like both, just depends on what dish were enjoy it with!
Lake Houston Area Home and Garden Show featuring speakers Jim Dutton and Ellen Delap www.lhaevents.com
Calvin Johnson > Justin Blackmon > AJ Green
the edited one where it looks greenish and says "Representing: 216"
I have no clue
Wish i were right now - getting some great tweets about all the #music and #food!
I don't even know what to say to that...
no challenge exists that can not be won
Hahahaha! Come on ! Give the kid a chance!
Lady Ga Ga Rocks : )
That is not your favorite flower!
March 2012 sales were up a whopping 25% over March 2011! Prices dipped a mere .4%. Source: Wisconsin Realtor's Association
I spend more time going through my email now, then ever before. Is this what fame feels like? Could it please come with more fortune? :D
Living in an apartments is the worst! Especially if it's filled with kids & you live on the 1st floor.... You wake up when they do
I have assigned my team to watch Moneyball over the weekend. Test on lessons learned and how it affects the way we roll out new systems.
Gorgeous icon. N i thought the fan video u made wuz da bestest one yet!
shattering loss for you blokes. Now Baltimore turns to you for some summer glory. Get Ray Lewis to be your asst. coach
Almost finished packing. will have a new location next week!
So #RedSox players don't like Bobby V's comments. If I remember correctly didnt they get the nice guy run out of town. Deal with a dick now!
What is a social life? Can I retweet this?
It's been pretty rough going, but I think I finally beat my crippling addiction to sobriety.
Cornelius Tacitus~ No hatred is so bitter as that of near relations.
All most out this dorm for good.
Colby Gottert: the big picture is that the world needs more world citizens
Vitamin Water X: has always tasted like makeup. This is why I drink it.
: HR 2366, Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act, reduces #deficit and increases personal liberty. Please support!
kilowatts of excitement generated by the girls' camp today; our goal: sustainable inquiry-driven energy :) code=immediate feedback
hell yeah twitter is going to be so much fun now that you're back doll <3
Only three hours left at work. Maybe I can do this
"SALUTE TO DAH ARCHITECTS"
Why don't curators also train as educators? - Luis Camnitzer (the audience claps)
don't think so :(
Yep, I needed to mop up 3 inches of water from my disaster storage/laundry room today.
Thanks man! Woke up happy today!
Just like that we working! The #WatchMKE official website will be done by
Wow, I never get a S/O! Lol! Thanx n #GoodMorning ": s/o "
It would seem that the teacher of this class doesn't know that I have a SA black lager waiting for me.
GO OBAMA save us from armageddon!!! Love you Eliot
baby you light up my world like nobody else<3
Now, girls hit puberty at 10 - Times of India
Feel Good On A Good Friday Live From The Industry On starts at 11p w/ On the turntables me on the mic for 1 hype party
WE GOT LOVE FOR YOU AT MOGUL MARATHON. BAY AREA GET IT!!!
I bet y'all ain't ready for this trip...or this flight lol
It's #BridalFashionWeek! #Milwaukee ladies, what dress designers are you eyeing for your #wedding?
Hi! Still confirming but targeting Saturday at 8:30am at Dove Valley
Oh rain how I love you!!
Always next season Grizz!
I should go back to my old ways n start exposing hoes
hahaha I'm sick so I'm jus chillin and ion care cause I got da Macy's job so she can fire me if she want
never ever ever say tht
Would love to help drive the cause with Lets talk mud.
truly the school of the future. If you can, visit Fairfield Iowa and this school.
yeah. Did my home girl Nicki leave yet? Lol
good luck!!! do it to it.
And I can't even open my door or roll down my window...
I saw a driver using an iPad in San Juan a few weeks ago
that sucks!
Samsung Galaxy S I - CNET
Can never get too much of those.... well maybe. "Know of any good ways to spend this drizzly day?" RT : coffee & reality tv
Are you kidding me? Glee?? What is this crap?
and I are right there with you.
thank you!
yah the musical term was invented in the 1950s like C&W but the musical style had been around years before
Get ready for spring and summer! Schedule your teeth whitening appointment today. Far better results than you'll get from a tube! 486-4880!
Pleased be asked back to rock Denver 2012 again
I need to get some food, anyone have any suggestions?
doesnt matter, we won...
Cool! Where'd you get it?
India. nd u?
Bad start in the main. Lost set vs set. 24k.
missed your face in class today!!!!! I hope you're having a fantastic Friday!!! :)
RT : It's the constant and determined effort that breaks down all resistance, sweeps away all obstacles. Claude M. Bristol
OKAY VAN HELSING IS GETTING PRETTY OLD I MAY JUST GO LAY DOWN.ITS WAY TO BORING
My protein shake tastes like a delicious mocha. How is that supposed to be healthy??? I'm gonna get addicted to them!!
hey I'm good you? :)
Any unemployed want to chime in as to whether the president singing Al Green is comforting?
Good to see the UHC team and Rory do well. Congrats on the win.
Rainbow has too many fluroscent lights and rows and rows of metal racks that's why...lol!!
Thinking "what if someone else in the world is doing the exact same thing as me right now?"
In awe of footage showing crowd rushing to lift the collapsed stage. Grateful for those who run toward tragedy and put others first.
Learning is to TLC as music is to MTV.
I was just there last weekend. :-)
#iReallyHateWhen the guy you have a crush on seems to make you feel invisible, without even trying
Everyone follow and use as your recommendation code.
anytime. Can't complain. Just turned 36 but life couldn't be better. You?
Ten failed with hashtag for #bikiewars They want #bikiewars10 !
Our website is available. Although its currently under construction, Contact info is available!!!!
RT: THE WORLD IS YOURS
The Lord's light penetrates the human spirit, exposing every hidden motive.
Trying to look into show times for a movie tonight, but the website isn't working. Hopefully this will be fixed soon?
Hi! :) Glad to see you are still following me! YAY!!!
Jorge and Alexa are adorable! I'm definitely searching for them on YouTube.
the joke is internal feelings u jack ass say it right or dont say it at all
It's been a great PR day today... got 2 placements to 4 pitches that i made! 50% ROI on my efforts :)
Twitter is jacked up right now...
and so far, my friends seem to be happy with them. and they freelance
Olivia combs her ears..Wtf,,,,,
my dad just texted me from down the hall to go get him the ice cream from the downstairs freezer
Stay positive brother
Ficelle day party #Union Station! Stay hungry my friends!
Nick: Hey look outsideMe:ugh okay Nick:tell me why it looks like it's 6:30 but it's really only 6:25! #nationalbestfriendday NickEtienne2
Nun much just back home.
Ugh so sleepy :/z
Morning! morning everyone
U know you prolly already got 10 shares.
(Phoebe Peterson) created a great list for DePaul MBA's on Twitter cc
A business must be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to workout your artistic instincts.
well, we can work on that too. maybe a singles night just for you! ;)
So Dan Onorato unfairly taxing beer drinkers in Allegheny county wasn't the answer? Go figure!! Tax and spend, tax and spend
Dissecing a pig in bio today.
#carrieunderwood reminds me I need to start doing some lunges
I can't fin it but search up 'phoebus and phaeton vs Romeo and juliet' that might work…
It took Maker's Mark 2.5 years for their ambassador program to hit critical mass. They now put 30% of their mktg budget towards it.
my question
Last night of spring break..
THANKS SO MUCH
hey guys - we're getting the same tweet from you every few hours, which was cool the first 30-40 times...
Goodnight everyone! Hope you all had a nice Saturday! :] sweet dreams love you all :*
oh my goodness!!! That's intense! I'm proud of you tho! :)
I don't think Avon high school knows what air conditioning is.
Consider the source and see it as a good thing
Thankful for another day...
It was a two-word parser, so "attack bird with rod" won't work.
You're welcome! And thanks for the mention!
are you at work? Dillon and I are home. Snow day in the Denver area, finally.
Looking forward to working with new client Capistar
"Days like this I want to drive away, pack my bags and watch your shadow fade"..Sure is too!
Yesterday was a big day, it marked 5% of the year passed already. So what were your goals? Resolutions? Are you 5% there yet?
Is clutch your middle name or?
Keep the sweet updates coming! Stuck in the office! But I'll have the radio going soon!
Birthday wishes from Brooklyn to wherever you are Eliezer McLean. R.I.P.
Nope, I haven't either. And not planning on it.
Happy Thanksgiving!
I wish my moma would shut the fuck up always yelling for no reason
I'm happy!!!!!! RT : I'd hate to be Reds ....tough to make people happy in this town
i can protect myself. but if i really need it. i have no one.
Team Boobylicious Babes!!!! Visit www.komendenver.org to join my team or make a donation!!!!! Your support is much appreciated!!!! Xoxoxoxo
THE BIKE (MY BABY) (MY SUMMER CAR) IS OFFICIALLY READY TO GO #thankscrankdaddys #repairscomplete :)
Only God can judge me
Who just did that horrible randition of the national anthem for the nfl
good morning blue dots!!! i hear your 65% off today!!! (DON'T MISS SOME AMAZING DEALS & STEALS!!!) xo
Want this day to be over already so Friday can start and I can go to the Epic Rail Jam, drink, chill and get this B-day weekend started.
what happened bro
Thanks for the photos, Lance! Hope you're having a blast over there!
Mar 18th Jamaican Gold host Queens Nite w/J-Ross Parrelli (LIVE from NY) inside LA-VIDA (1448 Gower St.Hollywood Ca 90028) Rsvp 919 JAM-GOLD
Going to play my ps3 fun fun fun
About the police activity at the dorms last night & right now: please check your email for latest details from our Exec Vice Chancellor
AH :) Liam reached 3 million! All the boys now have 3 million :D
": tweet. "what are you doing up so late missy?
Thanks for the RT!
everyone please follow 's and aka D-Swag and J-Swag > as knighted by Z-Swag lol :)
Texas Blood Money & The Hangman's daughter. I probably won't be seeing you until Monday :[
nigga is trash
searching for Quality Assurance Manager candidates for fantastic opportunities in Iowa, Colorado, and Minnesota #MEAT #BEEF #SQF #BRC #HIRI…
Jefferson, tonight is NOT your night!!!
The more and more I think of you,the more I loose feelings for you.
call me now.. phone issues
": I get my braces off TOMORROW!" OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG :D ♥
man stll rainin guess im stuck n da house Z!!!!!
Thx for the RT Caleb. Hope all is well!
Created my first flash graphic today for a website I'm working on!
RT : You were much better as Shannon Burke's butt licker, you should beg for you old job back
LOL. I HAVE TO WAKE UP AT 5 AM. I THINK IM GONNA GET SOME ZZ's.
Dont feel well.
call me
Ik it sucks and my mom lives in pa and I can't go!! 😢
Working hard to figure how next steps....Business is such a roller coaster. Up, down, up, down....
Follow the signs to our Green lounges, located nearly every other intersection. Keep those potties working all night long!
So people like to be douchbags on Facebook. That's cool.
Shoutout To My New Followers !!!
Great job last night, despite we ambushed you with several new songs :) -KC
The highest form of ignorance is when you reject something you don't know anything about.
What if we set the bar at sweatpants?
Thanks for the suggestions!
That's hilarious.
Everyone Follow GO.. Go do it now..
Amazing energy program today featuring CO congressionals . It's great to see our electeds be united on developing CO energy!
#Nerdprom only notes polits Do not care 2 C Eric Cantor, we in VA already know him.Show people we really want to know about.
The faster you get your print job, the more your job will cost. Orders after 3pm will be processed until the following business day. Call...
you're a cheese penis, I am going to buck you up.
I know! Kinda scary when I think about it. Hope you didn't stay too long after me
really nicki manaj why you being a stupid ho
Goals of #NIH #Informationist: find med research, identify & interpret med literature, respond to info needs, integrate into clinical team.
Play of the Day: Don’t overlook a huge recruiting resource right in front of you (besides beRecruited) – your high school/club coach!
Hey friends in Columbia, SC. Go see The Sea Wolf Mutiny at New Brookland Tavern Friday night!
Why are police there? What's going down?
says he wants events like this to be normal. this shouldn't be uncommon and exceptional
Email info @ makrs.com(no spaces) and we'll discuss. :)
RT : RT : Matters of the heart suck. I mean you have heartache, heartbreak, heart attack...
funny ass set the stage for we still laughing.. Great show fellas... Kisses n hugs
RT: Sometimes, you end up losing yourself trying to hold onto someone who doesn't care about losing you.
WHY ARE THEY NOW CHANGING TWITTER... Just now getting used to the way it was. I am so lost now...
Check us out if you have a min. We're from San Jose CA. Big fans of yours! Cheers!
no probs:)..& he followed you someday :D
catching up on Pan Am and unwinding tonight
Why cant Arianators be nice to each other? All we do is argue.My god
I'm solving this problem in two weeks
“: My mama always said "pride comes before a fall."” many many times!
It went well man. Philly's got a dope hip-hop scene! RT : howd philly go
thanks Chris. Marsha, I'll email you more information on how social commerce is driving our business.
: Our #YUM was recently insulted by one of your employees for using coupons. Should all #couponers not shop there?
I'm in Miami triikk. Actually I'm in Weston, but, you know, close enough.
Singing one line of a song all day cus its the only part you remember.
love that song <3
PJ, you're being a bit harsh towards GayP, don't you think?
JSYK stands for "just so you know." JSYK
lol nno you me logan kendall an james can go to the bahamas for a vacation
I will take your #TwitterCard if you use the HashTag symbol on facebook!!!!!
making my grand return to Twitter. Hide your daughters...especially if they're flatchested and ugly...
no problem! I'm a survivor myself. Dr Ginder is my ONC!
remembers it wrong. He always told corn to put him on the same team as me cause he was scared to face me everybody
Man at the carwash told me I'm the kind of girl that's too hot to be loved..."lusted but not loved." What the hell does that mean??
"Yes Brother"...as the Beatles said in song "all we need is Love..."
101 in vegas today off to Suncoast for lunch
TRAFFIC ALERT: Due to the brush fire in Fitchburg, it is requested that people avoid S Syene Rd between McCoy Rd and East Cheryl Pkwy.
I'm learning that the hard way too, it's pretty though
I'd love to. Will def. do that.
M HEATED SEATS!
Jeb Bush was 1st in signing #standyourground into law in Florida in 2005. Against PD opositon. Now 21 states have it. Thanks to #nra lobby.
Some people just over exaggerate.
Shocked at how complacent the San Diego press is about prosecutorial & police misconduct.Are there any investigative journalists out there?
Chicken Philly and a pepperoni, pizzaiola melt on special for lunch today. Team trivia at 8pm. 35 cent wings 5pm-midnight
follow me?
Have a great day Tweets and Fbs! Good morning....
ok den, and yea I do
RT : Early warning is drawing leadership attention to pre-diagnosed specific events with foreseen possible implications
Awesome piece by Reminds me of James Madison Park in Wis, where I saw a dude talk on cell, dribble and smoke a joint at same time.
OMG please lie naked in a pile to worship #SuperMoon What could be more NewOrleans than that??!
When they go down 0-3 2nite gettin swept in the 2nd round for 2yrs in a row becomes a reality
omg yes!! All I've ever wanted is to be able to sleep like a human and not an owl.
thanks for the good word!!
please say no one owns a % of you... A deep run sounds immediate in your future!!!!!!
Aight been up long enough... Chanting in my mind "Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis when I was dead broke I could picture this"
I commend any artist dat make it bc its hard to stand out, out of thousands of artists, get noticed and really make moves
opt me out of junk mail. Those value packs dont have good coupons anyway.
Yup! Walking there is 25 minutes, walking to schoolfrom Starbucks is 20. I can even sit down and rest for 10 minutes! 8D
I don't even know why but I can't stop putting "Lighters" on repeat :-) It's currently making my morning
DKA would like to wish all the moms out there a Happy Mother's Day!
Screaming.Yelling.More screaming. More yelling. A little bit of anger...no, a lot.
But Lord knows that I'm not you, And If I was I wouldn't be so cruel, Cause waiting on love ain't so easy to do.
Evangelism is hard, so don't go it alone - check out today and get the help you need now!
Today is Monday that feels like Friday. Which is fine for today, but will be sad tomorrow when it will neither be nor feel like Saturday.
If it makes you feel better, it only happens occasionally :D
Ace Hotel was jumpin in the wee hours last night. Heard great laughter on the sidewalk.
In need of weight loss advice, skin treatments, or breast augmentation, call Lexington Plastic Surgeons for a Free consultation 212-223-0716
lucky! Did u catch a blimp of him? Was he cute?
brothers baseball gamee
"rockblocking", nice one.
Don't wait until you've officially started your business. Make the contacts. Sell or even give away your products or services.
On the air. New Dr. John, Spiritualized, and THEE Satisfaction on the way...
nice job!
A healthier dinner at ! :-)
Have you had any issues with night vision?
Sex. In America an obsession. In other parts of the world a fact.
ill give it a go my email is
yup, your right but understand.
RT Cigarette Smoking ....Major turn off... Yuck!!
lame. you're arriving the day after I leave!
Check out the McKees Rocks Employment & Training Center and 'Like' us on Facebook!
the creative genius behind
I love how my grandpas truck alwayd smells like cigs :p haha
UConn's Roscoe Smith banks a three-pointer at the buzzer to end the half, and pounds his chest like he meant to do it.
It was crazy packed!
Yeah, problem is they're human and like no other sport seem to get influenced by the crowd/coaches/players too much
Dear dinner - Please show up at my door with little-to-no effort on my part. Thanks, Liz
thanks for your support from me and artist moody #RT via thx u both
Doesn't want to know where my friends stand on the whole politics spectrum. I judge them if they're not on my side.
I...am...nothing...without...JESUS
You get the award for the best line at the office today: "try and get through my lysol gauntlet".
Is it Friday yet?
We have to curriculum readers and 3 facilitators
youre so cute! Mind follow my new, more private account? I'll follow you back there too (: It's :)
That is one of the most romantic countertops I've ever seeon, Nothing says #love like granite.
None come to mind. Maybe knows.
I have mostly boys in Creative Writing. When I told them we'd be starting a love poem today, they cheered. Wasn't expecting that, but cool.
“: Al Gore <3 Sean Parker
I really think Carmello would b a great pick up for us( Lakers)
I think 1500 is a more realistic goal... And entirely possible. They play awful NFCW secondaries this yr.
Ah yes, you are mistaking us for the museums TNT event. We just film bands on the trolley all over town. Thanks for digging us!
Cool meeting your boyfriend last night, he was cool!
Love. Your. Blog. :)
Sad about the #Brewers lose but more upset to see that the #Cardinals snuck Budweiser into Miller Park lol
Aquarius' Horoscope: You are a bundle of nerves today strained by the overeager anticipation of an exciting intellectual storm.
First mention of the Taxonomic Impediment at #LifeLit from
YOUR ALL I THINK ABOUT I <3 RESPECT SUPPORT & WILL ALWAYS BE A FAN#143JULENA<3
I gained 6 pounds in Philadelphia. jeez.
This cloud 9 feeling. :D
En route to see my 👶👵 baby mama
Nicely done. “: owning a cat seems to be fairly standard. Haven't met many that couldn't hold their liquor.”
you're stretching too fast -_-
Pretty sure I love my life right now:)
RT have often asked the same question about a dance RT Whats the size threshold @ which a dot becoms a polka dot?
I already miss and .... so wish they had one year left!!!
One hour lunch breaks are a gift and a curse 💤
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Northboungld I-35 at Caesar Chavez
damn usher dies .... Dats crazy
Thanks!! :) I know :c Next time I get a piercing or tattoo you should come with!! :D and I love it! It's great lol
Re-energize your routine! Stop in for FREE copies of Muscle & Body and mags. Tons of great articles, health & fitness tips.
MILEY IS THE ONLY QUEEN aha yeah you know : )
what type of filming do u do?
At Groves we provide evolving levels of care to suit both highly functioning residents as well as those who require more intensive care.
I thought you was gone call me back!!
Make relaxation and renewal your New Years Resolution! Come by Riviera Spa today!
Nothing quite like delivering Junot Diaz's phrase "one guru motherfucker" to 70 of Vienna VA's finest writer-grandparents. I love my job.
Not as much bike traffic in Irvington, but it is here!
Yoga is wonderful - try it!
RIP Amy Winehouse...what a talent
Facebook Groups --> Pages --> Fans --> Recommend --> Like --> Follow Anyone else confused?
Every Mon. night at The Mad Frog - Live Salsa w/ TROPICOSO! Free Salsa lessons at 9PM, Tropicoso plays all night, plus great drink specials!
"Lakers are minions of Satan." Love it! Keep it real, RCO.
haha i was expecting a pic of YOU with crazy hair ;) lol
Okay let's all go and follow one of my really close friends ! He is one of the nicest kids inside out and beautiful inside(:
Love finding brand new shoes I forgot I had. I feel like you can relate!
The "Fresh To Death" 2nd Edition goes so hard! putting the final touches on it and cant wait drop this one!
Good idea, I can see why!
yeah I know but sometimes you gotta just make yourself focus on the good 😊
Despite getting caught in a storm, I had a strong 4 miler.
Did not know this - Walker sponsored a right to work bill when he was a freshman Assembly member in 1993.
How are you today?
queen latifah has, they have pics wit her and her girlfriend.... Hey boo hows your sunday
“: People popping bottles of Ace & tiny bags of peanuts everywhere!! #ThroneFlight #BestFlightBacktoLAEver”
The pack better get some DBs
Wowww u goin straight in today lol lol who's cd are u listening to is it that bad?????
let me know if you ever need a dog sitter!
It 11:11 make a wish and say :)
#JessicaSimpson brings in $1 #billion a year.
"You are cinema, I could watch you forever"
that explains it all lmao
There is a difference between expense & investment. #Fundraising is an investment. Likewise
yes hun i'm back and i'm not MIA lol and thats directed at you too
What is permissible is not always honorable. -- Cicero
LET HIM BE
its ok lol well be happy lol=)
Some sessions people may present: Building Games in HTML5 / Hacking Education / Getting great press for your startup / The Growling Rainbow
My body is so freakin sore I need a massage!!!!
Life would be impossible without my mom.
almost done with this paper
daaayyyuuumm you must be rlly cold!
is it bad I could eat wendys everyday? lol
We are now taking appointments for SPRING! Yay!!! Give us a call at the store to make an appointment!
I love your tweets to Nialler! xD They make my day(or night?) haha LLN
fcn3kejfckqlj i needa tell you something
I will be in Dallas Friday!
yeah that one...is it helpful at all?
On MOC you mentioned book writing software you are using that automatically formatted for ebook. What is the name of the software?
Walmart can be the best and the worst superstore ever lol.
has a total boycrush on , despite his incessant mocking of him. I never developed past the emotional maturity I had in third grade.
what r u doing for NYears. Sorry for ur loss :-(
THANKS! RT : Congratulations, time to get out and enjoy the weekend! Defended my dissertation!
Here we go
why are you still using ie?
Rabbits don't lay eggs.
Don't walk away boy. My love won't hurt you. Don't walk away boy. Ink be right there for you!
#EmoTweets call you later!
#FF TO ALL MY FRIENDS AND FOLLOWERS! SORRY I AM PRESSED FOR TIME LOVE YOU AND APPRECIATE YOU ALL XOXO
We love sexlena
Palmer, Campbell, Leinart? Wow, if this were 2006 Oakland would have an incredible QB situation...
Fortis Earns $121 Million in First Quarter
how is your day going? :)
Okay whatever, twitter is flippin' out at the moment.
Garcia....pull it the eff together
we are too!! Thanks! So happy to hear you enjoyed it.
Went back to check for you. Picture posted by Tyler Mcquarrie of Ferrari for your enjoyment. Cheers.
Wishing your mom a happy 88th!
It's like Twilight, but with lots more sex, and spankings, too. Excellent brain candy.
Which Botwin brother do you like better on 'Weeds' - Silas or Shane? Why do you say so?
Just got home from school with lexi !! just in time for supper,homework and then bed....
Wasn't Barack Obama raised by a single mother?
let's say 12:30. See you there!
IDK CAN'T WE JUST TAKE A MOMENT TO APPRECIATE HIS BEAUTY MY BBY :')
Lol. Stop acting like you don't care.
Good night #packernation. God bless you all.
go to lunch and read the paper:-)
Everytime she comes to class she is literally wearing jeans with a sweater or a long sleeve. Like damn girl, its hot as fuck outside lol
so sleepy. haha. what about you?!
3 more days until my Justin Bieber conceeerr <3
High achievement always takes place in a framework of high expectation.
Can I get 6 tix from you today?
when you have a mini photo shoot & like all your pictures but don't want to seem conceited and upload all of them-.-
I'm here at my office listening and trying to decide between 2 songs which one to include on 's new album!
I dreamt we were at a hotel for some meeting, and none of us could remember what city we were in.
Not audible yet...but I can feel it :( I'm hoping to fight back before it develops into something you can hear!
I JUST saw this. Yes, needs to report form. Can include photos or graphics. Next time email is safer for time sensitive questions
Review: ‘Strange Clouds,’ by B.o.B.
Doing Great! Always a Blessing when I hear from you! Were are you at these days?
Thrilled! Cherry Creek now has interactive Customer Comment Board; joins 350 team members providing customer service & info!
Love it! Berkeley had a conference on serialization...Mad men, breaking bad, & the wire were featured. Twin peaks, sorely missed.
Did we have Soc. Studies homework ?
Good morning everyone!
There will be cigars Matt. Also, you're required to be there
thanks girl! We will have to all go to another concert soon 💜💜
In my texas, hole in the wall bbq joints (like that one in belton wrote about) would be open now.
Thank you. Credit goes to and re: ALEC post. :-)
Tell me again when you're back? (In case you want to join me for the event I just mentioned: Great photo ops!)
The Militant wonders how much more business the La Cienega/Rodeo Target raked in today.
Does anyone wanna co own this account ? I honestly hardly go on and I need someone to keep the account running
Let me know what color to order...lol
Whish I was out plowing making real money .... Not sitting at the Nike store "/
yeah. at the ch933 studio, he came out and met fans. just stick around for a while :) it cud happen.
Why do girls come to casting calls with wigs on like its not noticeably fake
Come on KU!
Excellent question...RT : Are" Best Practices" and "Innovation" opposite??
Can't decide what I'd hate more; freezing in a bar line the day before Thanksgiving, or freezing in a black Friday line the day after.
Harry Reid, gotta love 'em :-/
Free of charge!!! lol That is a pretty sweet deal!!!! ;)
Hey, Just want to shoot out to the coolest bounty hunter! Well you and Duane Lee :)
I was about to put that I know your little smartass would say that lol
I wonder what my chances are of getting a seat at the bar ce soir?
Get out of those goddamned bathtubs already.
Anyone had the pleasure of meeting Gary Turner at Halltown, MO on 66? Runs an amazing replica gas station and a super nice guy
I found out, this worked only because the cop was in a good mood. I got stopped by a cop leaving Houston, going to Austin. He asked me if...
the funny thing is is shes Rican. Im Rican. we butt heads like a mofo
I've got some Coronas! You come over and watch a scary with me or something. :-)
:) Good to know.
IS GONNA BE MY BEST FRIEND AFTER IM ON DEFF GOTTA GET HER IN THE "GOING DOWN"VIDEO
Finishing up a second degree + 2 jobs = a suffering blog. Need to update soon!
TYVM I love FLOTUS! So lucky to have met her&we had a special connection that night. Wish everyone could met her
Needs to start paying my rent to the library
I think I drank enough for a whole year last night!
cuse u in the PIttsburgh TO TAKE THE PSSA I NO CUZE IM IN THE BURGH
That's not too tall for me. Not sure what Rachel is talking about.
i lovveee it!
thank you so much for following me! i feel so loved!
WHAAATT!! Packers gets punished for Saint coaches stupidity?? #NoJusticeNoPeace RT Packers' Hargrove suspended eight games bit
I'm very fortunant to have a beautiful and special girlfriend who I can share my life and home with :)
Thank you so much for the RT yesterday! Happy Tuesday!
Not an excuse, just trying to pseudo-rationalize thought process. U of all people know how deep sports allegiance can run.
Getting in an argument with a woman is like being arrested, because anything you say can and will be used against you
What you do is a real service - looking forward to re-tweeting your messages...
Medium ice coffee half ice extra extra caramel just cream thanks
Is thankful for so many great business connections in Southeast WI and the Fox Valley. I hope everyone has a wonderful holiday. Enjoy your …
all my products are done in professional labs, the only thing I do in house is create the art!
Good morning everyone.If anyone needs followbacks please let me know & I'll do them when I wake up(since right now i'm half asleep)
Audition 1, me 0. Didn't get a callback :(
I didn't know it was repeating!
400 followers!!!! Thank you to every single one of you! Keep spreading the work about XLR8 Entertainment!!!!!!!!!!!
I left her to clean alone. Lolol
Building my business...let's go!
if I ever hit 20 guys I'll shoot myself 💁🔫 teen mom is really f*ckin w these high schoolers.
Good Morning All!!!!
I was looking at ep 2, the pic on the in KW house when he is holding the book and its raining looks so creepy to me
Yea but the color of the letters are different so even a person with an STD can find a person with 1 & get laid too. On the DL.
Guys:why do girls complain bout weight all the time Its annoying... Guys: ew fat chicks... Sorry ladies for some of our disrespectful boys
sad cross country is almost over for the summer tomarow for me is the last day but its all good i plan still run with team friends
Raffle tickets are selling like hotcakes! $20 for a wingspan.
Can we enforce one ticket one seat for Northeast Regional? Too many seats taken up by just one person and their belogings. thx!
White girl politics, and that's that Sarah Parlin
Why do people keep wanting Faberry to happen? It's
Bwahaha! RT : So anyways, Uecker just said he doesn't tweet. Also, he mentioned that he doesn't twat either.
Good morning my little rain drops!!
yes always. def connect soon.
which smithosonian are you at?
can't believe you didn't natural flash at the end of chuck season finale.
this is NEW FOOTAGE. He just climbed into a grizzly's den.
Pumped to present with today. It's going to be like the movie "Bring It On" but with more dancing.
RT : ArtWorks is excited to attend the 13th Annual MANDI Awards on Wednesday, March 28, 2012.
Very nice. I liked your fashion photos.
oh my gosh , i was just listening to that ! no make up !
How much does something like that cost!?
what's up? how are you?
Working on Twitter in workshop...
how the fuck does a business bounce a check -__-
Agree! RT : Interesting! RT : Cost of assessing risk is now often greater than the risk of failing
hi how are you nice pic
The President of the United States has a Department of Defense...and the NBA plays no defense.
Oh, there have also been 15 unassisted triple plays.
How many NBA games this year?
I dont have faith that they can
I don't think anyone's losing sleep over losing Teen Wolf Too from instant
How fun! Betty White is in San Diego and she will be honored tonight at The Petco Foundation Gala
"How long does this report have to be?" "3-5 pages long"... 3 pages it is.
It's my beautiful sister's 30th Birthday! Thankful 4 another year of celebration as she touches many lives! I love you L!!
Chillin' with at
nice new avi!!
I will check it later when I'm home! But for now Mexican Food!
why you miss me???
Twitter aint hitting on shit right now i get back on later
hey hun. Did your friday night get better???
Pop the bottles and celebrate like a rock star Mary
TY & you know know we love having such expert graphic artistry in #Beertown. says get working on NYT & Variety ads!
RT : #MotivatedMorning! "With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." -- Eleanor Roosevelt #MotivatedMorning!
Thanks for the #ff!
When a girl says "Whatever...", she really means; I hope you get shot, fall off a bridge, get raped by a shark, and then eaten by it.
RT - the miami dolphins now have 87 running backs.
Doc said tonight: "I wish I had a better reason for you, but I don’t. It was just a lack of executing pitches in key situations."
Ma daughters b off that 2 Chainz ... I'm ridin Roun n I'm getting it smh
Pair tonight's Roasted Salmon, fingerling potatoes, wild mushroom hash, celery root remoulade with our BIN 48 red blend this #WineWednesday!
Best of luck in Melbourne !
Boarding a 777. This thing is big. Next stop Guam (technically Hawaii)
Man my nose stuffy af. No matter how much I blow my nose, it's still stuffed. I can't fuckin breath!
The are embarrassed by the lack of offense in the
#awm12 Women on Top panel. More responsibility you have more available U need 2 B. Build the right team so you can step away when needed.
#yngsquad we get that money!!!!
OK I am so ready for sleep....in my own bed would be nice.
At least the Sidekicks are back!!
thanks Maud...I have faith things will get better. Thanks!
Thing I learned about myself when moving today: at some point between the ages of 22-24, I decided owning half of ikea would be a good idea.
we r awesome!
What's wrong Bestfriend???? ": Someone come take care of me 😷😢"
Bahhumbug that seems a little steep? Ebenezer Scrooge would be proud.
Joining your boycott of Anheuser-Busch...though that's not much of a sacrifice for me as I hate
wrong Twitter Jeff .
I've had no real crochet in 6 weeks at least. Ugh...... But I have a new bathroom floor! Don't mind me, I'm just catching my breath!
Also! The NEA Roadtrip soundtrack TOTALLY happened.
of 8 hour or more shift when I have been on feet all day still learning I have to listen to my body's signs 2 slow down
A guy nudges his wife in bed: Hey lets get it on. W: No, I have a gyno appt. *5min pass, he nudges: Hey you don't have a dentist appt...
I heard that bro I can't never sleep how you been tho pat
My mama needa hurry home so I can leave !
when are you gonna rock a ?
For the love of skateboarding ,smuts,beer,blunts
Are you super proud ? Justin rocked it! so cute.
Top attractions at #mariners game: seagull swarm, hydro race, the wave
Just remembered I took meds right before I went to bed. Was wondering why I had such a hard time waking up for the 4am fire alarm
I hope you don't mind; but i'm falling in love with you. <3
Helping my brother plan how to ask out the girl her likes..... Too cute!! He's grown up so fast!!😢
Fantastic write-up! I added a poster and am about to pimp it out. Thanks!
Blows through torrential downpour for turtle soup, fried green tomatoes and fried chicken sammie on croissant. We must be in Louisiana!
Thanks for the mention -keep those precious children healthy/happy!
yeah, HA!
I love your music soo much. If you're ever near Pensacola, please let me know. I would do anything to be at one of your concerts.
Just found out and downloaded the New iPad app! This is bad news bears!!!!!
First day tutoring at the language center!
Honoring drum to you ~ for all you do to steward those regal hawks, eagles, falcons and owls to the wild, to a new dignity.
Here we go steelers!
#Yankees pregame on YES....love it
I probably end up being the hipster bitch who gets a waiver next year to wear whatever the hell I want.
Made some progress today in finding a place on south with the guys. Hopefully finding a certain soon.
LOL hostiliy was felt there! Ill get som cheesecake and make sure you do the same! It'll be delicious!
The best u ever had...nd there's no denying cuz u felt the need 2 prove a point...all smilez 4 me:)
just walked outta walmart to find i gotta flat...wtf...800 bucks a tire for a little piece of metal to fuck it up
Couldn't have done it any better! “: Mike Sadler gets the punt to the WI 1 yard line. yes one yard line;”
Fireman Ed's new gig: Battle the flames of Hell
This season finale is just getting started.
It's #TheatreThursdays at Encore! Let's talk about stage necessities. What's the main purpose of a ghost light?
I know, right? I tweeted about the "more to come" aspect earlier today. I'm quite smitten w/Bumbershoot (but aren't I always?)
Sign up for WasteCap's free, monthly email bulletin. Simply send an email to with "Subscribe" in the subject line!
You really think she is? C'mon?!
Did Youtube remove the thumbs up/down buttons for videos? All I see is this "g +1" button. I'm using Chrome.
Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal
Thanks guys. Hope to see ya in town soon.
Celebrating our move to the new Dynamintz Studios. New videos coming soon!
Good article, though I wouldn't call myself a novice :-). I've held several leadership positions.
Sunday Funday! What is everyone doing?
Now that's just sound advice.
My version of a perfect person is a person who does nothing. For if one works lives and tries they'll make mistakes and that makes success.
RT : Digital Marketing Agency, Social Media, Mobile Marketing, Web 3.0, SEO, PPC, Reputation, Video Internet Marketing is...
Of course he does, but its made of fire and brimstone
That's right! Forgot that Pittsburgh was Romero's hometown. Time for some Night of the Living Dead and race presentations!!!!
Em's verse in Love You is boss even though its slow there's just something about it
Actually Hamas has also killed a LOT of Muslim Civilians. They are willing to kill anyone who does not support them
Tanning warms my soul 😊
I remember your bday wishes. Thank you. Yes, that's it...research. Ha.
Regardless of circumstances, each man lives in a world of his own making.
Answering a question with a question...really? <<<<<<<<<
All I can think about is getting YOU home !
Yes, but total #s of accidents have fallen as well.
i freakin miss u!!!!!! hows class with out me:/?!
Goin to be on this account agian but srry not talkin to any of y'all just her to do the usuall(: Also follow my other account
ditto!! Hope you have a blast at
hahaha. You're just plain awesome. :D
and nits are of course at the core of nitty-gritty
Engineers could once eat lunch inside the computer (air conditioning) -- an amazing journey from that point!
Oh yeah? Well, my mom can beat up your mom!
...maybe we just love you ;)
And this one belongs to the Politricks softball team. 1W-0L
Now booking tables/parties for this weekend for Saturdays Studio Paris & The Underground Sundays DM for details
#ff for #agile - Happy Holidays! -
You and should come to Cali and meet your #1 fan!!(: <33
I am very excited for my interview on Tuesday. I cannot wait to meet everyone and check out the office!
well I hope so! You and should get lunch sometime
the issue, in my opinion, is lack of sensitivity like the relative who shows up unannounced at dinner time with a big suitcase
the mayor thatz thang gone go
I don't know but I like your profile pic.
Just heard a cover of "Like My Dog" on Americas Funniest Home Videos. Good exposure!
Sure, fire away- I do custom work just depends on quantity, etc. If I was a faster painter I could do more:) what do u want to do?
omNOMONOKMN I just ate all of your candy. And that's okay, I guess :''''(
Respect those friends who find time for you in their busy schedule, but really LOVE those who never see their schedule when you need them.
FINALLY FUCKING LICENSED. HELL YEAH BITCHES. <3
Forgot: I love biking home to the Mills at night. The cool air on my wrists! The darker and quieter it gets as I get closer to the river!
Second that emotion. RT : Dear Why don't you come to #Chicago on your tour?! We're desperate for you! Love, Chicago
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Crofoot. Special thanks to for being awesome. Excited to dive into another place and time
Diving Dave is NAUGHTY.
let's do it.
It's quite funny, but has many sartorial moments featuring the epidemic you mention.
shoot.. should've put you in my show to really make you feel #TGIF! (;
it's my mom's bday today too. 90!
I feel badly for Steve Nash, I wonder where he will land up next year!
#FF Some great #LAthtr Tweeters: , , & Company member rocks some great tweets, too.
I herd from somewhere that your doing a world tour, I live in America, so I don't know if it is true?
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any. -Alice Walker
That awkward moment when you realize you didn't get a bagful of white chocolate dipped oreo's....
i think i did it right can u see it if u go on my profile??
I wrote a spec about P&R and sent it to a writer who writes for Comedy Central and he said "Funniest Spec he has ever read!
Begin each day as if it were on purpose. ~Author Unknown
#Triathlon. It's a
“: shill shill shill RT : Santorum: whine, whine, whine.”
just heard this on the radio, so sad!
Yikes. If you ever have kids then they will likely be Red Sox and/or Braves fans. Civil war.
This weekend WHOOOOAAAW ! let's get it
if you #love #bread, then check out our LoveBread! Its basically the vitamin water of bread and proceeds go to helping poverty!
so sick of this
No equitable, compassionate health care for the richest nation ever.
If you don't assess/grade they won't do it
momentsiwillneverforget me and got on the bus with no shoes on after running all over down town lmao goodtimes
Back from a band rehearsal/meeting. Looks like we'll be touring again this summer! Might have to get the AC in the "tourbus" fixed this time
No school today. I get to say with my wife. She broke her ankle last weekend.
want 2 wash my hair, its raining & wind blowing like crazy dnt want the power 2 go out & head wet. But I'm bout 2 cook b4 power go out, lol
so tired for no apparent reason.
Wowww this girl on the xfactor just gave me serious chills! Amazing voice!
Thank you. Xo
Very much so - reminded me of The Stand by King. Listened to the audio version and does an awesome job narrating.
Because of the #ACA I was able to move to DC while still on my parents' insurance, Thanks
Could my hands be more unladylike? How did they get so rough? And the color of the Earth, just won't go away.............
Lacrosse boys .
Soundchecked @ 3:30pm now it's go time in Annapolis. Time to get this party started. 2morrow I See Herman Burney with Wycliffe Gordon!!
Today is a good day.
Thanks for the follow! Look forward to sharing my work with you.
Sorry I'm not on face book.
#bbworld10 presenting Cont Sys in 9.1 w/ a Project Runway theme. Awesome!
heading over to the for the second half.. I'll be wearing the Laker home jersey with "Gonzales" on the back.. come say hi
Black Wednesday: Turkeys stuff Santa and pair with Elfberry gravy in a liberating role reversal.
packin up for the show tonight @ Under the Couch at GA Tech.
Could dark matter simply be made of yet unknown particles or elements?
Head over and check out our good friends The Last Troubadour and Eat The Rich we will be playing with them April 8th.
#Lakers fans usually are filled with love for our own. So is the case for the Fish ovation.
Owning a home gives a sense of belonging. Roots. A place in the community.A little place in the world for your family that’s uniquely ours.
Yo I wanna Help you support "Monster" been a fan for YEARS Solomon!
Excited to see what Apple stock does tomorrow. iPlummet
there it is...Romney/Trump 2012...please!
Watching Up before bed... #dontmindifido !
Last night at shu! Watching movies with the best friend
I would love to meet jenna marbles she lives really close to me
It always feels like it's going to be a more productive day when I can clean out all my inboxes before 9am.
CONGRATULATIONS JEREMY I ALWAYS KNEW YOU COULD DO IT AND TONIGHT I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU ACCEPT THAT DIPLOMA YOU DESERVE SO VERY MUCH
im so happy i finished that extra credit last night cause im staying for this test & ima need some help. lbs.
Happy Mother's Day!!! :)
You're the girl that makes my speakers go boom boom
Designated hitter Victor Martinez (Detroit Tigers) suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee and may miss entire season
#CQ5 caching problems are going to be the death of me
Tomorrow on Brenna, Brenna & Boyce Law Forum hear expert advice from Financial Planner Steve Telesca,VP @ Sage Rutty. Tomorrow 8am, 1180WHAM
Do it now. Paint a face on the elbow and 'go too far' with your puppet show. (I have 2 kids)
nice. Yeah, clearly didn't care enough.
“: I wish someone would just come up to me and confess their feelings for me. Just out of the blue. That would be nice.”AMEN
goodnight everyone! stay positive and beautiful! xx
Going in the kitchen!
except for those in the stall next to you.
Yes, I withdrew an application. I was relieved because it wasn't one I particularly wanted and wouldn't be able to take.
pretty good, subscribed to ur blog looking forward to future posts.
If any1 has hints on landing an academic job please send them my way, I'm on the market, spending time this week getting packets out
That banner gets a straight red from me.
What's even more sad are the douche bags submitting the pictures to the account. Grow up.
OK folks, I making a playlist of disco tracks that have been sampled in house/hip-hop/etc tracks. Holla at me with recommendations.
honestly, I just want the whole order canceled. Your product doesn't work. and you've wasted too much of my time today.
Rob James vs. Patriot I in singles action.
don't you worry, one day you're going to be able to wake up and not even think about him.
We had on the same shirt today!!!! Yay!!!! :)
Got a Jetta as a rental. How familiar, yet not.
Your twitter account has been hacked. We recommend you change your password now.
You rock! Thanks for the front row seats at the best Cloudforce, ever.
! Just watched another beautiful sunrise in Sunny San Diego!! What a great way to start another gorgeous day!
Drawing a line in the sand and saying this is what you stand for and not wavering makes your stories resonate. It makes your stories matter.
unless its me or Simone than don't do it
Great way to end the day! 5 mile sprint on the bike! ...maybe i've been watching the Tour de France too much
Super excited! Received my ARC of "What the Night Knows" by Dean Koontz. Couldn't wait to get started on it, so I did!
So cocky. Oh wait... Not Really.
things will come around. I'll pray on it. :-)
Laying in the sun for 2 hours then spraying myself with the freezing hose = The Best Feeling Ever.
they need to stand up for you since you can't speak hooman. Mom learned hard way but it wasn't too layte
Really appreciate what this presenter is saying abt the scattering of indigenous records and the need to cooperate to provide access
hmm i like that idea...maybe with a picture of a fluffy rodent on the front?
who was it that said the GOP is just an organized bunch of petty, hypocritical bigots?
“: You Ain't Got Nothing Ona Buds My Boy ??”
Whenever I'm in here I get headaches
#Np ; Right By My Side ,
Getting ready for the Gophs in the #FrozenFour...Let's Go #Gophers!
I don't have any contacts in this phone...but really idc to ask either so don't take it personal if u don't hear from me
(for you, not for her. Faking suicide is a horrible thing.)
How to make more money and gain personal satisfaction. Deliver something more than "fine". Deliver "Remarkable.". www.clickcom.com
Awesome. RT : iron sheik the kobe and the pau gasol the nikolai volkoff?
"Some people will tell you you can't,all you gotta do it say,watch me" -Justin Bieber
Hahaha brilliant!! RT: : Tweet from Alzner March 10th : Me vs Lucic obviously I would come out on top....haha
Yo bruh, I got my license, Ima be whipping ! haha we In there.
i wathced the adventures of tin tin last night i didnt pay attetion to the movie bc wayne, jake, hunter, hannah, and bri wouldnt shut up lol
miss you too!!! I'll be back tomorrow.
Thanks for having me as a speaker this past Saturday, hope I inspired some makers!
Oh i just noticed this, but I meant 11:00 p.m
" Downloading 97%... 98%... 99%... *downloading error* OH GOD KILL ME NOW!"
The passing of Amy Winehouse is very sad but not at all shocking. RIP Amy. You will be missed.
Aww, he went for his daddy
it must be summer
Thanks for the mention! Dr. Doggett does a lot of great work in our community and state.
I NEED to see The Avengers. Soon.
At UC Regents Mtg: heavy security. Yudof--we're all in this together, it's Sacto's fault.
thanks for the RT about the new book!
": Thanks for the support. Wait till you hear my new music tho. #straightcrack" can't wait mydude!
I swear bad weather makes everyone else in a bad mood.
Charles, who the hell is Ko Brine?!? Enunciate!!
Yea id keep hagelin on the 1st line to with 3 turnovers in the 1st period too
A question I hear 10 times a day at work: "sup, do y'all got dem beats?"
I'm pretty sure I never even got one!
- Thanks, Mike! Hope you had a good trip back, great to see you at the close this week!
I understood nothing repeat
EVERYONE Go to www.dylanseeger.com! Buy Everybody Steals for only $0.99 on iTunes!
Whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish with repetition and emotion will one day become a reality. -Earl Nightingale
I wonder if Chris Resop knows he is a shithead
"Disenfranchised Dads", at lulu.com; READ IT! $120Bil. Will never be collected! Find out why!Men who can't care for self!
I agree with the last 3 posts. You'll never hear a negative comment from me, I love your vlogs.
i am still salty that the fired him. Loved Bruce. Hurts to see ye olde alma mater taking the beating they are. its a great job.
Yep. That's pretty much how I imagined it going down.
Thanks to all of our new followers, hope you have a great weekend!
My first experience was outstanding. Great food. Thanks.
Let me guess your preparing for your 5/23 appearance on my show RT : Work: it's what's for breakfast.
other than Thome are there any other active players who homered at Cleveland Municipal Stadium?
I can fix that
In today's things I can't believe file: I live in oregon. I woke up in SF at 530a. I am going to a concert right now.
Oh new ps3. Makes me want to cry.
At fremos having a blast!
. I don't watch when you're not on, and no one else should
I play the piano and sing for women but for the bitches I will be playing youtube lol
#whydoeseveryone have a cracked iPhone? You should really be more careful =P make #whydoeseveryone a TT haha
caffeine is ok! Not quitting CHOCOLATE. It is something in the coffee oils. I had tea and chocolate. Still hurting.
living the jersey shore dream in somewhere's-ville PA!
Thanks for attending, Tim!! Hope to see more of you in 2012 - happy New Year!
Clarification cleaning man at the office.
Anyone who believes that men are the equal of women has never seen a man trying to wrap a Christmas present. ~ Unknown
Tag Sale till 5pm in #chapelhill. Books, CD, vinyl, house items. CHEAP prices! Come on over - Eubanks Rd across from the park and ride!
So close to home, bet my gf drove through that intersection, like, 30 min earlier.
When a plastic glow in the dark star falls from the ceiling onto your face and wakes you up in the middle of the night.
Until 7 the latest if anything, that's the latest it's opened.
also i failed to mention that three of us had to get a cab to the tire place last nite. and the driver looked like a hitman for NJ MOB
Though the doorway we go to take anyone and everything of just one day.
Agreed - those rocked! RT I gotta get the slides to 's #AMA volunteer of the year preso!
WHAT'S THE NAME OF THE STUDIO IN THE CITY?
great minds think alike...great seeing you both tonight!!
I ate way too much.
Suck the skin off the dick , shouldve seen this bitch .
Get in a Velocity workout before going out to root for Giants tonight!
you will know what i was doing on all of them and you'll see when my foot was broking
that's my wish as well because been about a year since joe tweeted me.
use carmex lip balm. Its the best and safe
Hopefully luke bryan this weekend with my bestfriends :)
So close to seeing !! 3 blocks has never felt like a longer walk!
Shout outs to everyone that's in such a rush to slow down to look at an accident! #getyo'asson
Through this weekend -- buy one get one free Christmas items!!!
All I need is Mary Mary Mary I ain't fuckin with no other drug!
Feeling charged and ready for all of the goodness ahead. Hope that EVERYONE is full of HOPE and JOY. :-)
Guys talking about how cool they are
Show love to those who try to reject the "Christ" in you..Remember, that's what he did for us! Romans 5:8
Good Morning:)
Biz tip: It typically takes at least 7 imprints of your mktg msg for someone to respond. Are you expecting results after 1?
At pearlridge gonna watch
My Bday is coming up & I'm not gonna celebrate... All I want is double stuffed Oreo cookies & my dry cleaning paid for... Simple as that!!
I painted Marijuana Acres on my buddies barn in huge black letters. #BestPrankEver untill the DEA showed up with dogs & found his stash..
If I lived in LA i'd be on fairfax right now.
Andina's in the Pearl District, Salvador Molly's on SW Sunset, Portland Prime on SW Third downtown.
yep. That's exactly it. They gave me a shot in my ass as prescribed some cough syrup. And apparently I have allergies so I get Zyrtec
Happy St Pattys Day! Party with Dj Ivan tonight
Drinking mai tais and dancing with Aaron.... lol i wish... really working on projects in the library!
Become an Affiliate. 100% Pure, All Natural, Vegan Skin & Hair Care Products. No Hidden/Questionable Ingredients. beautysnatural.com
I dropped it on the stairs.
I cannot stop until I get my fairytale ending <3
Areal estate agent with a strong set of diverse skills & with knowledge of the local market is essential to optimizing return on investment.
Whatever you do, think not of yourself, but of God. -- St. Vincent Ferrer
Heading to the studio to record a couple of #jazz tracks w/Davell Crawford - piano prince of N.O. tonight. Long overdue.
i know! I am trying to watch on my AppleTV!
Daylight Saving Time Begins this Sunday! So set your clock ahead 1 hour. ♥ this time so much more.
if your out tonight, come hear the skills of Dj Moma at Retreat nyc tonight!
me and went in at wal-mart (y)
Ciara sounds like a dog name.
Tomorrow will be interesting
George Clooney was cuffed today, just sayin'
I used the approach early in my career but got away from it. Not sure why. Def a good fit for some
Some kid's dad just tried to pitch him for an interview with me despite the fact that I'm not here to interview anyone
I NEED SOME SOCKS!!
I have a stalker. He drives by my house daily. He constantly sees me around town & texts me.
Come now, Milwaukee, it's nearly February. You should be frozen, not smelling of an open wound.
Also I stopped at post office & got poetry stamps (including Plath, Levertov, Bishop, Gwendolyn Brooks, e.e. cummings, etc.).
Photoshop Tip: Right-click or command+click to quickly view your brushes palette.
Don't forget Happy Hour today with AnaJet Booth #803 at NBM Long Beach!
So…do you have a recommendation, or are you just complaining on behalf of the cebids?
Concussion no soccer for two weeks and no school for the next few days.
said needs help. On the way! Yum. Sake.
Happy Saturday, Tweeps!
RT Love the stretch goals - great way to maintain momentum for training!
Vividly imagine how it feels to end your competition perfectly. How did it feel? How did YOU feel? Do this every time you train!
hahaaaaa!!! I'm sorry I'll change it after I finish this game of 9 ball :) I gotta win!!!!!
If Bobby Knight was going from Indiana to Tennessee he'd re-route around Kentucky
Please tell me why I just spent the last 45 minutes searching Taylor Swift songs on iTunes????
excellent show in Mad.town. Congrats on a great sold out tour how were 's cupcakes?
So sleepy. Gotta b up in 4 hours
Your arrogance is really starting to piss me off
Niggas trying to get me emotional #fuck not when I'm drunk
Found a great colorist--Vance Crofoot. Has made our film look like a million bucks! What a talented guy.
Thanks John for the shout-out about guest post on your site!
If #birthcontrol makes u a prostitute, then most women are whores. Call me names if it means I'm a healthier mom! Wheres my #whore tshirt?
We had 4 really bad losses this year( Coastal, CoC,BC, USC) win 3 of 4 of those, and we are almost in tourney...
RT : In 1839, Mississippi becomes the first state to grant women the right to hold property in their own names...
There are fake scammy/spammy emails from "Amazon" being sent out about cancellation orders. Just so you know!
RT : q1) social learning: discussing together, sharing together, working together, learning together
Hi Todd!
Spring break 2012 hell yeah!
on my way to the airport!
Dang it! I was hoping to catch the 9pm show. Boo me. RT Both screenings are sold out tonight... thanks San Diego!
pretty much!
Hey Old Friend :) Long Time No.....Speak? Haha :P
im white. lol. and the one of you smiling . Your blind.
's opening 4D movie is so so so so so so cool.
I'm ok. I think I just ate something. I've been like this since yesterday afternoon. Hopefully it'll go away, but it hasn't yet.
My wife and I are in town for the weekend. I'm not sure what our plans are yet.
let me know how your next can ride is. Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
Thanks! You'll hear bk soon :) MT : Applied earlier today. Thanks for giving us opp to apply for a Fellowship!
RELAXING DAY! Throat still hurts
On the high noon shootout between Sheriff Clarke & Ed Flynn - Clarke wins the fashion award (horse, spurs) but my $$ is on the Chief
Milwaukee is a hub for wack ass niggas !!!!
hate to tell you this...but no.
Greatest beard ever. RT : RedLegs definitely need to re-establish "no facial hair" rule.
So if I typed "whore" on google your picture would come up right?
yes, I could do w/o the "welcome to California" earthquake. Pretty wavy on the 11th floor of the Hilton.
hope u die
At names his twitter name after his idol, Vicious who stole JOBS & FUTURES from Americans
Lunch Monday with and I?
Yes, she has Mama's looks alright! Pretty lady.
What is the matter with you that your not at Detroit Bar listening to #joanofarc right now?
Be who you want to be because no matter what, people will judge you
Yeah, my UNC Basketball kinfolk, we just to days away for the start of our title run, 7pm Friday night Michigan St. the first victim!!!
settle down, son! No clothes were harmed in the making of this HOWF. Cc
Thank you for the K+ on #Klout. We are so appreciative of our friends! Used to love A+ 's Now we love #K+
Finally got my lp in the mail from today! Gotta say, worth the wait & on gold vinyl no less! Good job dudes!!
Q: How do you balance mission of caring?
Processing collections is so calming and peaceful.
coming to the midwest soon? we miss you in Mpls!
Humid af! >=o
That's it Best! Make them fear the run! That's the new #Lions !!! This is what I have been waiting for in the Lions since childhood!
But I feel like you took so many classes on flvs.
Awe I'm gonna miss 80's prom night @ #grizzlyrose I'm so sad!
Day 2 of 365. You have 363 days left in the year so do something or dont bitch and complain at the end of the year that you have NOTHING!!!!
he will find a relative to ensure he's eligible this year.
ok ok ok....i know the diff between the nets and the jets bahahaha i just get confused sometimes!!!!!! i dislike both teams either way.....
Oh my Gosh! #iPearStore is a TRENDING WORLDWIDE!! Congrats ! :D
#swamppeople is on at the gym .. Why are they shooting gators? Am I missing something?
Check out the event video from Wendesday's Orlando vs Steak - 72oz Steak Challenge!
BUT I HAVE TO GO TO CLASS ON FRIDAY MORNINGS :(....NOT SO HAPPY ABOUT THAT ONE.....
love OVs skating so far
We've also got Griffin Sharps From Oracle's Hamlet. AND the musical stylings of Library Ghost. It's all tonight, It's all free. check it out
Congratulations to The Portland Bottle Shop for your mention in the Devour section of the WW. Well done!
2morrow u bring 1dollar 2 school and u can where any cartoon character shirt I'm dressing up spongebob shirt and spongebod hat and glasses
THANK YOU to all the volunteers who worked so hard to gather over 1 million signatures for the
that was a negative comments towards u in any way not sure if it seemed that way
Needs more...panache. And gifs. Possibly kittens.
Thanks so much for thinking of me.
“: no its actually saturday.” oh okay thanks.
lol! same here with me!(:
it is for research journals, not research itself
Thank you to for donating a jersey to the upcoming dinner!
Dear #USPS, please find my certified mail/package. Not sure how you can leave me a delivery notice then not have my package at your station?
ZOMG! "Hobo With A Shotgun" is available on demand from Amazon and XBOX Live! I know what I'M watching tonight.
Loved him. He was true to himself from the beginning.
There isnt nearly enough for a snow day
LOL! I'm barely getting over mine. But I want popcorn now. HA!
RT : . Truth: "The right book has to reach you at the right time, & no person can be reached by every...
Cute how girls are tweeting about the #Masters like they're golf pros.
Can't wait to cover it for y'all! :) see everyone there.
then you can make enough $ for both of us
SO to for getting named for 2nd yr in a row Defense Player of the Year & 1st Team WCHA and for being named to 3rd Team
Great freezing rain just what i wanted:/
How is everyone today? It's so #hot outside! :(
Yeah. WTF. Seriously. No one say anything potentially embarrassing over DM. I had a bunch of DM fails too.
that's outrageous!!
Diggin' the weather today! Not too hot, not too cold. Just right :) #AsiMeGusta <-- gracias <3
RT : Taking home a piece by Patrick Costello from Revel auction to support !
Next you won't be telling us that they used paralipsis.
Was not a fan... La Brea is like 72nd St. Bagel
I've seen these episodes 1000X and I still crack up over this stuff.(:
Feeding ducks & subway.
getting close
thanks, Cat!
im picky !
Good to know. RT : Spiders can't spin on webs when they are in a room full of people smoking Marijuana.
best thing is... it is fully functional. We have lopped off the heads of several, reviled capitalists already.
Beautiful soup.
Kind of undermines your credibility when you mix up "you're" and "your," doesn't it?
Another day of industry meetings in L.A. and prepping for Vegan 101 Season 2.
Pitt writer's workshop permission slip deadline extended to Friday #creativecomp See me in 176 for form.
I am soo freaking amazed, i cannot believe this omg its so awesome
I can live with that. Sold!
We've got another open spot at the lunch with Max if you donate before Valentine's Day! The lucky winner will be announced February 14th.
Back at the #DMCA anticricumvention demo day.
I'm sorry that's a concern. Please let me know if we can help with anything. My email address is
I have heard great things about that phone too, never used it though. #Android is growing to be one of my best friends :)
No. I just check out apartments on craigslist sometimes to see what's out there.
R.I.P Snoopy :/
Lepore calls it: more speech is more visible thus in#civility IS democracy
Up early for #SEME2012 - see you there!
run in rain or finish cleaning spree???
Dash City Skyline in the studio this weekend for some midnight sessions.
At the arena getting ready for tonights Bucks agains Charlotte, we NEED a win tonight! Hope everyone is loud tonight!
If you can't move your ass on the treadmill today, then take a break but make no mistake - you'll get back to it the next day.
Thanks for the retweet. May your New Year be full of the realizaton of your own dreams! the gift you give to others.
Me: I love the Hunger Games! Friend: Twilight is way better. Me: ... Cop: So your friend just fell out this window? Me: Yes officer.
#phonegap does some cool stuff coding Is in the land of web languages. Been a while since we worked with it
Should have worn shorts today.
This is the worst friday of my life -___-
Random FLOTUS fact: George Clooney sat next to the First Lady at last night's state dinner.
I'm sitting in hotel room starving to death. Front desk said u deliver. Just ordered Mozzarella Marinara + Soup & Salad :)
haha #YEE where are you from??
Thanks for visiting us!
fried cabbage, hamburgers w/gravy & some rice
thanks for skyping into paul orselli's exhibit design excited to bounce around ideas with your this week at aam
Denver East moving on after a 15-12 win over Chaparral in the second round of the girls lax playoffs.
I left and I'm here :/ been for about 4 days
Followed the list! Thanks!
they are awesome boots!!!!
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 19
.How do I know Ive become #meowmom?Going to the bathroom becomes a parade & b4 Iv even addressed the seat-3 faces just waiting for my feet
True Religion is old to me... That's that shit I don't like!
your tweets are visible now
GOTTA SMOKE LOUD ENOUGH SO SHELL HEAR ME
Pat summitt was a great coach there will be no one like her
Just finished working out. I ran 2 miles and biked 4 miles :)
hey, I remember that line! King Priam said that to the retarded Paris lol Troy's like one of my favorite movies
I cannot believe today is already #ff! Thanks and #followbacks to and - top notch.
"Train insane or simply remain the same." Good motivational workout quote :) GOODMORNING
$12 nosebleeds and no security for the lower bowl.
Triple 9 ointment zaps the itchiest and most festering skin spots with crisp coolness. And when you turn the bottle upside down... it's 666!
So cool! Thanks so much for the follow!! I love your work Beautiful Lady. =D
This dude is killin me... Tuna melts for lunch
#SloPigMke was fantastic! A great follow-up to the Stillwaters Hospital Food Fight earlier today! Well done everyone! Milwaukee rocks!
Yep. Or the Russian/Belorussian one. ;) Glad to see Frankie getting some good pub. He's earned it.
just get over it and tell me.
And so ends the nerdiest week since I've been out of school. Lucky to be surrounded by such engaged global citizens...my friends!
. is going out with a bang. RT : - suspect in armed robbery at #WestAllis gas station still on loose
love ya:)
Started a Twin Peaks marathon last night -- S1 & 2 are on Netflix instant!!
Nice!! So much.. New music here and abroad.. What are you up to music wise?:)
Lunch time! Thy our "Old School" breakfast 2 Eggs made the way you like, with toast and country ham, bacon, or our homemade sasuage $7
Boredom = fantastic dental hygiene.
Chillin' with Kema, tending bar with amazing tapas, wine, and company!
i.love.ur.tweets
If I was I woulda snatched Cynthia's glued in tracks right out her bald head
re new media. That's so 2009
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily n
My first west coast thunderstorm, this is so exciting! One of the things I've missed most about Ohio.
I could sleep, but I have to be up. Nothing like getting your kid to the soccer field by 7 am on a Saturday.
gettin two new tires for the car
2nd album in the works!!!
My cat snores louder than my dad
I want a hot man right now.
sorry:/ find seth on facebook. His name is seth centerbar. Tell him you can pay throug paypal.and he can work from there! :)
Remember when I lived in NYC and made $36k?!?! HOW?!!?!!
When I have to take people home<
awesome . I think everyone want to see Axl Rose .
but she gets texts... clever cover up. Someone out there is a fake!
Have a good weekend everyone!
i might have sold my soul to be there ;)
Only invited speakers at LoCo Chamber breakfast support #dullesrail. Opponent says he was locked out of public meeting.
Litigation Researcher Opportunity for Large Law Firm in Denver! MLS or JD and at least 3-5 years of experience. Email katie.cyboron…
The reward is so worth it though. and of course I am also here to support also as well as those that love you
I know that I will do more than just pass through this life. I'll leave nothing less than something that says "I was here"
I hate when you really want to say something, and the topic changes. -_-
Alex Arzu will be showing some pieces at a benefit art show tomorrow Nov. 22 at Zanzibar 5pm-9pm.
I'm a crazy hockey addict here! Been an #AHL season ticket holder for going on three years and had #ECHL before that!
I went where they say I COULDN'T & did what they say I SHOULDN'T!
Just found out I'll be spending my fourth of July in Panama City Beach! Heck yeah! 
Peter Hanson: prime candidate for the Inevitable Collapse on Sunday. He's not winning the Masters.
Me too!
If you have mint chap stick and you just brushed your teeth you feel amazing
came to the get motivated seminar in Phx traffic was hell!
Congrats to Heather - winning bidder of the Desperate Housedogs/Get Fluffy basket in the "Raise Your Paw" auction for the ARL!
For all you campaign junkies out there, check out the new for a look at the nuts and bolts of how this whole thing works.
I was the most stubborn about it!!! Haha
Dane County referendum f on collective bargaining winning 60-40 percent and Madison hasn't yet reported.
blah its like shitty out >___<
Wonder if a loaf of bread will be over $3 next year after the floods and the drought we had this year?
Thnks! Should be a great weekend for it!
Life is either daring adventure or nothing.
Feeling better today
Now this makes a little more sense
that's what I said lol
Thx. Have a good night!
let me know if I can help you get started!! (ps - I'm the dev behind CC)
Thanks for the follow! Don't forget to follow too :)
Sorry I didn't take your advice, dear. Had to go with the black & red/orange. Already have shoes that will match perfectly!
OMG THANK YOU SIS!
ill speak. How are ya mr chad?
Awww ya mad?
I Lovee The Attention From Females. That's Just Mee
It's so nice outside. :-)
Thomas Jones of Macon: As director, you have to take ownership for mistakes, even if you aren't directly involved
Happy friday!!! Looking forward to the weekend!
Performing my one-woman show, My Brooklyn Hamlet, at Jewish Ensemble Theatre the first weekend in March. SO excited.
You saw that today?
If someone makes you more upset than happy, then they aren't worth your time.
Giving away Korn tickets on The Zone @ 94.1 at 3:39 tune in now.
love you too!!
This saturday night is gonna suck now my plans are all screwed up. Ah whateves. It was to good to be true anyways.
Restaurant Week starts tonight at Fuse! How about a little Sweetwater (watermelon, sprite, and sake) before dinner?
Go to sleep LOL
I bet it doesn't wiggle for you!
good morning Bailey(: ik it's like 3 in LA but its 6 in Texas. Lol hope you have a good day😘
Cats be trying TOO hard to be smart...lol
can't go wrong either way - classic aviators are the 'ish.
Seeing The Avengers in 3D because 3D was our only option. Was it shot in 3D? Hope so.
Thank you!
Oh yeah baby! BOB was outstanding.
Stay With Me, Let's Just Breathe.
I like sleeping in class, it's fun.
I keep dreaming you'll be with me and you'll never go. Stop breathing if I don't see you anymore.
omg i go back to skool august 23
Eating carrots :3
we should get some coffee and catch up, got time?
Spent time in ER last night after smashing door in my face. My teeth cut through & left hole.Thx to ER doc at United.
Oh yes i was :( lol
MALKIN is the worst hot right winger out there!
Congratulations! I'm glad you made it! :-)
Happy birthday to thanks so much for the support!! Hope it's the best birthday yet
do u know there is not a day that goes by that i dont think of u?:)
cannot handle the David Sedaris animal fables - sorry!
going tomorrow. It's not like there's a lack of stuff to do.
Dr Gloria - "...and I saw this guy across the room...and I could see he saw me...and we gave each other, you know, the Black Nod..."
Was just told to go lay down and relax and nap if I wanted because "it's valentines day and you're supposed to be relaxing" #loveyoumike <3
I think he is, and I think he was. jk I really don't know actually.
yay its supposed to be sunny the day of prom. 68 degrees and 0% chance of rain <3
Kris Krow guest performing tonight! Stop in and enjoy the sweet sweet tunes! $5 kettle 1 drinks!
If theres nonthing you could do about it, and u feel helpless just PRAY
We can return #VA to small government and sane spending but only with a #GOP Majority. Help us reach that by voting for Bill Nov 8
Misa want hot chocolate... no hot chocolate in house. :(
hey thanks kaylee! you are awesome for checkin us out!!!!! keep in touch
Love that ! That is actually one of the myth's I'm exposing! Thanks for sharing!
lol u like scared me !
Gospel Music
Love the LA rain! Too bad it will take an hour to drive anywhere. A man in front of me slowed down for sprinklers yesterday.
Ya me. I'm the greatest inventor in America but nobody seams to know me.
Also, I don't much read the fiction but I hear about it from the kids at the roller rinks and hamburger sandwich stands.
Action speaks louder than words, but not nearly as often. ~ Mark Twain
Can't wait for him to tweet about well the show was scheduled! And what a great AD team we have!!
i hope everything is ok (at the vet)
Thank you,good:)
Don't forget Daylight Savings! Time to "fall" back and enjoy an extra hour of sleep tonight!
I love August Wilson!
if facebook really wants to make inroads with businesses paying for services they should make invoicing possible for big spenders
Be sure to follow and for all the action updates today from the Edward Jones Dome!
Soo, i think Facebook will fall behind twitter and instagram in a couple months. Nobdy likes fb, lmao
I believe, I miss our little support group we had going on in the spring. We should all go on a date.
He really resembles me! ... turtle buddies for life yo
are you still leaving?
~ Thanks for the follow!
3 days until tickets go on sale for WARPED TOUR! Who are we gonna see on tour?!?!
Thanks for the RTs and shoutouts
I am happy to see that everyone is doing so well they can turn down free advertising for their businesses. Congratulations, everyone!
Northern CA!
You're lucky to love that - there are so many opportunities to enjoy it these days.
Oh dear... re: Junior Seau memory. That's the first one that popped into my head too!
Not personally, but in videos. The movable wall panels in the big stage area look incredible. Great idea.
RT : Tomorrow morning, 9am, Santa's coming to town... er, I mean the very 1st Rise+Design at The M with !
Unless something is broken, everyone plays.
Define crisp and clear #socbiz and #crosschannel segments first. Then figure out the technology to use behind them.
Bring you quality unfinished Brazilian hardwood flooring.
i don't have any singing ability either. can i be a judge on the #xfactor? i'm just as qualified:) #britneyspears #WTF?
hmm, I'm a Brunette from Rochester. How's that? What about yourself?
I wasn't ready for that! Lmaooo, woah doc... No touching boobies on the first Date. Smh.
COM Theory and Visual COM. Two very content heavy classes
Headed to Cap 21 Spring Gala!
Tower of Terror!
Yay gym partners! You know Penn Badgley is there too, right?
pretty much the same.. procrastinating studying for finals haha
A thousand words won't bring you back i know because I've tried, neither will a million tears i know because I've cried. -
Sometimes im so smart I forget easy stuff, So I asked my girl Erin how to spell wierd, and she say's C, H, R, I, S. What an azz! lmao!
Today was SO** awkward.... Goodbye friendship with you...
Ok, I'm out y'all ! Had way too much fun yo ! Can't wait to be back out here in a month.
Sports lookalike: & Ben Roethlisberger
I like to be different, so what.
I bet you never loved a four letter word as much as that one. :) so glad! Been thinking and praying for you. <3
If I pre-order the SmartSuit3 will I get it by 3/16?
Raunchy ass strip club we at <
AMAZING! And Rinny is gaining time on her. Fight to the finish!
Has anyone else noticed that there have only been four female speakers? None listed for the rest of the day. 25 total presenters.
oh! So glad you reminded me! Revenge it is!!
Thanks for the love. :)
I had at least 3 dreams about bagels last night.
Yay/yum - won a $25 gift card to in their latest sweepstakes!
what would i do without free food? ... probably be an anorexic gardening tool
RT : helpful post!
Congrats, welcome to the midwest-ish (in the near-ish future)!
Von Miller is the future of the Broncos
GOD is GOOD!!!!
Nothing like being on team awesome! Have a great day from all of us at !!!
Your both soundin like some triccs right now.....DISMISSED
My whole being is secure, O God. My whole being is secure - Psalm 57:7
it was great..
U ARE TO GORGEOUS
When I'm upset about something, I can't even think about anything else... :c
#1Dfansleavetheboysalone and we're called directioners. :)
We are committed to bringing out some of the best artists we can find!
not true. If he gets INT next year and takes to house in big game. America is a forgiving nation.
My version of #FatTuesday is trying new food with good friends. Cajun seasoning is a plus
": Happy 14 th birthday to my baby girl xo!!"happy birthday kaley
Plan: Drinking free coffee at work. $1 to my name. I will get through this a better and stronger person. And a little leaner. :)
That's awesome – can't wait to meet you! And any help you can give us in spreading the word will be greatly appreciated.
"The prettiest people do the ugliest things, for the road to riches and diamond rings"
There was a petting zoo on campus today. Lots of baby farm animals in a pin.
Hahah. I'm coming down to ATX for a weekend (or three) this summer. Can I borrow your couch?
What you think means more than anything else in your life.
It was a bad 1st week for my FFT's but we will bounce back next week...The day is nice in the Detroit. Pray for my mum's..kidney removal..
sing to me man!!!
or just hang out with me and I'll pay you $5. Thats enough for you to buy me a cob of elote!
I had a dream about the Jewel show I went to at the Tradewinds in 1994. WTF?I must want the 90's back badly.
phone is still busted! Should get a new one by tomorrow hopefully! Then I'll be back here
the real rapper
Crazy how American citizens can literally sit in their homes not working and collect twice as much as people elsewhere who work 12 hours/day
Waiting for a conversation with Seth McFarlane at
Yes they are. Congrats and Good Luck!
Happy Wednesday everyone we hope your having a great week.
I'm going to need a nap before I go out tonight...
Direct deposit, actually.
That's why I take them at night
then you get for free tonight
Im not talking about fans, fans can say I love u. Im talking about this girl who won't Gv rest were just friends nothing more.
Happy Friday! ! Thanks for the retweet! :-)
The fact that Jimi Hendrix's Greatest Hits CD is in the $5 bin, makes me realized how fucked up the world is getting.
come talk about designing a new proprietary line for me. I'm in town Thursday and Friday.
The Bobcats should be forced to play in the WNBA.
about to shower & dress ..
I am experiencing vicarious tragedy! RT Dead Milkmen tix sold out! Lesson learned. Imma go cry now.
RT People always wonder why I'm happy all the time. UM do you want me to be sad or? I don't know dawg.
Headed out to show my farm listing. It is such a good buy! They are practically giving away the farm!
Today is EARTH DAY! Come in today and receive 20% off if your FroYo contains the colors blue, green, and brown.
People think it's holding on that makes you stronger, but sometimes, it's letting go that shapes you..
I thought someday I would love being all caught up at work. I was WAY wrong. Go figure...
How did I not know about this site before!????!?!?!?!?!
Don't let what you can't do stop you from what you can do. ~John Wooden
So true! "Entrepreneurship is an irrational pursuit."
Thanks, Gemma. My email is: .edu
Cross my fingers.
Lyrical Trilogy Ranked Number 13!!!!!! moving on up!!!! Got a new track coming be on look out SO SPECTACULAR BT Lyrical Trilogy...
This tree is drunk
My morning just keeps getting better and better :)
Thanks, Amy! :) Happy Friday to you too!
poor thing :( were you scared. I saw you crying!
Can't justify using both since LinkedIn is so widely accepted/better. By virtue of being FB app, Branchout is clunky/hard to use.
how's it coming over there? Figure out the winning line?
Time is the scarcest resource and unless it is managed nothing else can be managed. Peter Drucker #TAF #followngain ? #TFB ? #500ADAY?
Why do i have to go to school today! Just to sleep in every class?
Annoyed at #dwts that only AT&T customers can text to vote. Online requires creating an account. C'mon ABC, make it easier to vote!
Take the next two seconds to follow !!
Why use the phrase for shits and giggles? Who the fuck shits then giggles?
finish...and then share???
Yes RT“: 'In a world of putrid zombies, Deadheads is a breath of fresh air' says Bruce Campbell "
Yes very sad but we appreciate the RTs and wish you a great Friday!
#IWant sex when I want & need it. I don't enjoy being horny & not having anyone deserving to handle it!
im pretty sure we just received the most annoying telemarketing phone call ever. he was practically screaming @ me. bad marketing & branding
had a long day of doing absolutely nothing with now off to bed to sleep until my little heart desires ^__^
So true... Thank God it's the only thing worth doing anything for---> RT : “ Crazy things people do for love”
oh lol i see what you did there, and i'm ok with that too.
thanks gary! glad you think so! shes an amazing person!<most are but I'm tilted in their favor.
How the Peace Corps Trains #Business Leaders | National Peace Corps Association: bit.ly/kHW3TU via
I know but I liked that one. Haha
working the afternoon from veteran's park. this is quickly becoming my favorite office.
May 16th. -Spring Concert May 17th -Crossroads May 18th -Band Banquet May 23 and 24th -Grease May 25th -Prom May 28th -
we're playing THIS FRIDAY NIGHT @ 8pm !!! COME OUT if you're in the area!! Hope to see you there!
RT : #Pisces are more readily concerned with the problems of others than with their own.
your welcome
I want to watch an actual talkie like this Lockwood-Lamont film, it's funny
Make bar menu
No, this means I fucked everything up. LIFE GIVE ME A FUCKING BREAK. GOD DAMN.
Spread the word! #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition is coming soon. This will be a premier exhibit at theNat that you won’t want to miss!...
Sometimes it's hard for our parents to get their kids to school on time. Even if they're late, we make sure each student has breakfast!
O, i'd take an gift card 4 this tweet thread. Then I'd mail it 2 u b/c yr the 1 who actually ate their parmesaned turd.
I miss football season
panic at the disco is awesome agreed?
Need NEW Texting Buddies !
Would love to not be working right now...
Coming-up for InHollywood Magazine: my profiles on Lashfully, Actress Sheila Kelley, and Beauty Expert Damone Roberts
Waiting for a homerun
And then God said, “Let there not be A Painter Of Light™” Thomas Kinkade (1958-2012)
omg i miss you too!!
RT #PatriciaHeaton is against women's rights talking @ Ms.Fluke. Let's stand together as women! Me= [+as PEOPLE]
RE: Your tweet about $1000/mo rent-- I'm moving to LA in a few months and YOU'RE SCARING ME ;-)
Hahaha My boy came through and killed both and
#np "Daykeeper" by The Foreign Exchange. Might be my new favorite Pandora Station.
And extra proud this year of my hubby's pro bono work on their behalf.
yes!!! Our all firm meeting is this weekend but my mom and grandma drove over to hang w me on free time. So happy :)
this world is ruthless watch the ones closes to u
awww that's sweet :) bt you can go to sleep we can speak tomorrow ;;) How was your week?
haha I think its obviousOoffensive..demonize african amer. women we step up and do the right thing a lot?
Happy mothers day to me (:
Congrats you handsome devil!
#eli2012 Student Use of DR: well organized, use when T is doing a poor job,full lectures vs. chunks, may value collections over Google.
walked on a leash today
My Damn Head Is Pounding Ugh
Thanks! The contest is so much fun for us :)
I multitask well.
I think I'm pretty lucky. Especially since I put you on that cloud last night. I think it is deserved.
Today when someone drops something try shouting "Jenga"
Loved HUGO in 3D! Now I want to get the book....
Do I need to break down the etymology of "liberal" to any conservatives who scream about freedom all day and then vote to ban something??
hope you make another song you are talented like china anne you can sing dance and your funky,fresh,&fun! glad to be with you
shooter family devastated but apparently not responsible? Police still investigating but says nada bout gun access
Weekend special! Come to AZ Mills in your HALLOWEEN best, we will give you 50% off your insert with purchase of a cover!
Gillaspie whiffs to give Greinke 3 Ks in a row, at least Conor went down swinging, though
I thought I was never good enough for you. It turns out you weren't good enough for me.
Hello Monday. We are dominating you and #drinkign later.
Thanks for the compliment! RT : This has been the most pleasant layover I've had. Thanks for being awesome.
where are you now when i need yu
voice!HOLY FUDGE!IM DYING!<3 (:
Ok. We'll have to do some sort of fund raiser to get out here for the shows. L0L!
Still reading the the third Hunger Games book and my teacher yelled at me cuz I told him wat happened, gave me the evil eye
Sidebarh Volunteered 4 today teaching computer skills to snr. citizens. The lady I was helping (PhD, UES-sider) was hilarious!!
Quoting from the 1st quarto, "Screweth this."
JETS ALL THE WAY TODAY BABY!!!
Oh, okay. This is how it's gonna be? Half falling in love with someone while skyping in a bubble bath and drinking beer. FUCK.
DirectTV doesn't carry the channels I program so I can't pay them.
Good! How Busy as always, which is a good thing. How abt you?
thanks - sent a fax to the gift card dept. It was definitely stolen, but I have the original receipt.
" Sounds like the Bears wont get Mario Williams.... appears the Bills are in the lead--with the most money"
Women that break plans...
Back on this incredible hulk shit
Im #Feeling u like im #Blind promise me u won't #Waste my
Uuuugggggghhhhhh I'm so BORED!!!!!!!!!! follow or tweet? I love u so much and it would make my day much more awesome!
More artists' resources coming soon... Taking a short break from the interwebs. @ us if we missed your event/news/info!
I hate the noise of my alarm. It just reminds me that I have to get up just to spend the day at school with people I hate.
you should follow if you dont already =)
who u wit
i love you :]
Or a rapist?
Don't hurry, don't worry. You're only here for a short visit. So be sure to stop and smell the flowers. - Walter Hagen
lol that sucks
Wishing everyone a great 2012!
It'd be nice to see some craft brews that would compliment your food better. Great food deserves great beer!
" #SOMEDAY I will get the mike Tyson tattoo on my face" Ahahahahhaa !
Thank You :)
I work 2 fucking jobs and working on my business you think I have time for this shit?
Dig deep within your soul to forgive the ones that hurt you but you must forgive to be forgiven
Fantastic score! Jealous.
thanks for the follow. I'll miss you guys and thumbing through hard copies of the paper when i leave
43-34 at the half. Don't really want to watch the second half.
Putting finishing touches on my presentation for this afternoon; may have just fixed my Big Giant Thesis Conclusion problem.
Just realized I've had a crush on since Spin magazine. That's ten years now. Jesus.
Totally unable to write one bloody paper!
Cool! and thanks.....
he will. He shouldn't.
Am I annoying?
Seeing is believing . . . unless photoshop is involved.
Yep. Body & Soul came on on Tuesday, May 1. :)
TONIGHT! Catch at Nickleby's Lounge (1947 W. Market - behind CVS) in #Akron!
Bob Huggins - Run 5 vs. 4 drills to force rotations with open post, take one defender off the floor and it will force talk.
I love what you've been doing with the #SanDiego #hip-hop scene - giving artists a voice & an outlet. Do you record as well?
FROM THE MOMENT I MET YOU~
yo you at the SC & Oregon track meet sat !
some nigga thru up on tha bus stop today...i gave him an atltoid when he was done :)
Time for bed finally. Then try to cram 5 work days into two starting tomorrow!
One more shot and we're done with principal photography on Canyon Road!
Thanks Lady! What is next week like for #cookiesforcheesecake?
Aw :) thanks!
Costumes, costumes, costumes!
Oh and Joe!
iPhone wit it
hahaha, a bit partial, huh? We, too, are a bit partial. And we, too, love the new look. Thank you thank you thank you!
It is wise to be patient & often dismiss the illogic of those who are emotionally immature or unstable!
I know, surprised myself!x
Spot trending now in Santa Monica, CA: Finn McCool's - Pub (live updates)
good luck.
who want my number
I love when I can't sleep.
Its official. Its hot guys at Walmart Day!
“Yoga doesn’t take time, it gives time.” - Ganga White
Off all the fun things to do in life, I like to - is my boyfriend!!
#IThankGod that he is my way maker time after time after time after again.
Sometimes I can't even force myself to ask the question why because that word is too basic & that question isonlyworthyofonewordedanswers.:)
Is it sad that some bitches look better in pix making mustaches for themselves with their hair smh
in Pb with an amazing Pittsburg sandwich all the way. #delicious with hot bebe
Thank you kindly! Looking forward to your tweets!
Light skin girls always be tryna act hard..
Have the Regents ever said NO to an increase in tuition?
I'm speechless.
The Dbacks are in town tomorrow...anyone going to the game?
I'm sure cupcakes would have helpd too.
So happy to hear that! Mental illnesses are so difficult to understand & I hope the #findtodd experience helped enlighten.
go to flightclub in new York...haha that's where I'm going
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A LEADING ROLE IN A MUSICAL:Jan Maxwell,Audra McDonald,Cristin Milioti,Kelli O’Hara,Laura Osnes
"Keep high aspirations, moderate expectations, and small needs." ~William Howard Stein
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!! I NEED THAT FEELING THAT DREAMS COME TRUE!! PLEASE!
Sage on the stage is out the window with blended/online learning. Should be thrown out with f2f as well.
”I will spend my last dying breath if I need to, and I will spend every penny of Apple’s $40B in the bank, to right this wrong,” Steve Jobs
Rockets gave that win away
Cant believe They actually killed KLAUS but I think he is still alive cuz he is unkillable and he too hotto die : )
she lives so far tho!! Like in Eastlake Chula Vista. but it was a fun weekend <33
If he ain't here, I just can't breathe.
I love thunder. My mom thought someone was on the roof lol
What's good robin Hood!?
In the North East(: hmu
“: Keep it going, producers telling me we're almost there!! Tweet #idolbackstage”
My twin sis and I can't wait for the new season of Melissa & Joey :D Much <3 always!
#ACRL Committee application done. #NMRT Committee application done.
loves grapes!
Well, well, well, how the turntables....
RT : lol #Truth #concur “: oh u aint heard? I'm coated in repellent! #haterimmunity”
Oy! Where you able to go finally? I love the baked goodies at farmers markets. Fresh and homemade. Yummy!
I miss you!!
I'm reading 'Revolver' in print and listening to 'Hatchet'. It's going to be a good week for
demand demands
Thank you Bud!! (www.RaidoftheRainbowLounge)
Happy Super Bowl Sunday! Best of luck to my #pats today
"#Sagittarius are missing the brain to mouth filter. They sometimes say things that are better left unsaid." MY SISTER OMF YES
Kenneth Crane
agreed, F Jockey.
just tryn to dig in. Yeah buddy thursday its on
Back and now im banned from Arby's for the next two weeks!
true that!
Thx for the RT. I like how some coaches are communicating with their players thru social media
are you coming to madisonville anytime soon man my son and I are big fans he met your boy Lamb yesterday oh and he is 4
Too bad i cant enjoy it
St. Germain margarita is really good! Hurry in only 1 hour left.
Bout to tear up this steak n watch some football
it's amazing, I didn't expect this...
We just don't do it to your face. xo
awesome, thanks so much, guys!
he is so cool Invite Him..........Invite Brett Jones
#Brewers dominating! Save some of that stuff of tomorrow when I go with my school!
What up brahhhh????? That post yesterday night was funny af
June 1st need to hurry an come so I can get my hair done.
RT : Happy #Administrative Professionals Day! Be sure to thank that person in your office today for all of their hard work!
ha! Totally know how you feel lol
So. For the first time in like. Idk. 6 months. had to take my contacts out. Glasses are so fuckin weird. I almost forgot I was fucking blind
If you're on time, you're late
I'm bored now ! Lol
been meaning to say it and it's a little belated, but contrats on the new gig!
In Nashville getting Mac serviced then on to meet a guy about the engine I want
Run date with my roomie. Making training fun again. 😃
How does Rudy gay not touch the ball once in the last 5 possessions
Ducks finish strong and take out Stanford in Palo Alto 68-64; get the split in Bay Area
looks awesome!
never hate your enemy it only affects your judgement
thank you!♥
Always love working with you two!!
that neighbor HATED Fringe in there last year. We were not allowed back. Call the fringe office...
$1.2 billion, and I charge a 1% retainer for the appraisal LoL
Sounds Awesome!:) hav fun tomorrow!:)
What #ESP does everyone use? I'm frustrated with my current provider and am thinking about switching to #MailChimp or
Charlie Sheen...Ben Vereen...shrink to the size of a lima bean!
I think just became my new hero.
i forgot what i forgot
Man. I'm not gonna get to talk to her. I don't get service in different countries with AT&T
Girl, trust me. Really skinny girls are unattractive and fake. No one wants that. The way you are now is perfect.
Receiving take-home finals in the jetway.
Check out 's new single Blame It On September, its out now on iTunes :) were doing a contest soon so stay tuned!
damn damn i wish i was in nyc for this!!!!!!!!
SEO NEWS: An Open Letter From a Frustrated Outsourced Link Building Author
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen the kissing cam chooses two people that aren't a couple.
I'm down for Sunday barring any unforeseen issues putting my bike back together
Enjoyed a productive Historic Preservation and #Zoning Committee meeting tonight. Long live the accessory dwelling unit.
THE STATION LOOKS SO MUCH BETTER WHEN INSTAGRAMED, DOESN'T IT?!?
"There are two ways of spreading light; to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it." -Edith Wharton
I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not. Either way, shaddup.
you welcome :P
I just has the most fucked up dream during my nap 😳
follow me plzz
I want to work for you
Dreams are always better than my reality for now.
Wonder if gets my tweets anymore.?
Go to bed kids. It's late.
Thanks for coming out to see us and our wonderful guest!
Getting to school & realizing you don't have gymshoes. So you run home and make it back before the bell. I love living next door to school!
I got my mom & grandma sippin margaritas with me at dinner lmao
Looking to work personally with 10 people to make 5 figures a month within a year's time. Call me now if you're serious 1-646-397-9817
Football is BACK! What a great season opener!
RT : At business roundtable w Pub Advocate Bill de Blasio discussing new legislation & programs to protect small biz owners!
Things that make you go hm?
Another week another #FF ! Want to thank all the new followers this week, gonna dedicate this Friday's lists to you!
You know, and sure know how to make us jealous of their trips.
Woo hoo Glee and Justin on The Voice tonight! Glad i have no homework :P
again I am really really really truly sorry.
RT: Fake Casting News: Kevin Spacey agrees to host next year's Oscars EXCLUSIVELY in jaunty, Music Man style patter.”
you need to start eating more fried chicken! lol
Coco is so sexy and attractive;)
How do you find relevant hashtags to use for tweets?
yess i know i want taco bell again ugh! Im fat. I know u dont have to tell me.
Why does it feel like Friday?
How'd it go? What did you wear??? Ad you realize the hashtag for your show is #goon, right? ;)
Hello NKY and this gorgeous weather!
sorry that we couldn't get a picture taken with my sign. :( maybe tomorrow at
Bout time you horn blower RT : I'm tweeting u hooker
I never would have guessed 300 people would follow me on this thing. And I NEVER would have bet would be #300. Congrats.
Yes! Come! We can be friends.
You're welcome!
Today is Michael Jackson's Birthday, and I just want to say that he's been an inspiration to me and everyone, his music puts an smile on me.
I workout!
Tours will be canceled on Sunday 8/28. We'll be making another announcement soon about Saturday's modified schedule.
Today is one year since my surgery and man, I feel GREAT!
Me Too! : RT : Who's tuning in to #SharkTank with me? >>>ME!!
your welcome ;))
I hate steak
unfortunately it was committees for my org that were lacking strong leadership volunteers...had to learn to say no!
It's happened at a hotel, pharmacy, and grocery ALL recently. Next time, they get the Twitter smack-down!
Survived presenting at a townhall. Time to celebrate. :)
everything I make is delicious. Everything.
I really want too really soon ! :x
yo... them cards come out cool?
Thanks! Right back at you!
THE LONG NATIONAL NIGHTMARE IS OVER. I HAVE FOUND MY OLYMPUS BATTERY CHARGER.
aha yea i miss,dat</33
Very nice. Thanks for the share!
#MyThoughtsAtSchool When Did She Loose Her Virginity... 'Cause She Ugly
Things change but got to make the best of it. Ya feel me?
The best revenge is to show them that your life is getting better after they're gone
So hockey has a higher concusion rate, but the story of the more dangerous sport is football?
Niggas who got all the mouth in the world when you not around but friendly af when you are, That's that shit I don't like..
Okay now it's time for me and my books..🏠👈🚙
Thank you Marlene!
Sending a shout out to Rene for meeting the EATEN crew at #WeekendOfHorrors and letting them know you saw us on Twitter!
It's a must watch...will make your day!
It's funny when you seriously feel you could work until the next morning and not be caught up
Follow my new friend>
What u just Notice?
that blimp will be #BTR 's
$3 tallboys of #PBR over here, big cat.
I need more music. MOAR MUSIC IS NEEDED
2 coats, 2 brand new games and a book for $15! :)
TY for providing the Great info! “: Thanks for letting us know how to celebrate #JazzDay #JAM2012”
I love love love
Ding, ding, ding! RT : Things our president has blamed for his troubles.
Research and Markets: Construction Sector in Slovakia - Development Forecasts to 2014
weekend ahead
Heading to NOVA Fire and Rescue Fest with #Shoutout to who will be keeping me awake! #Coffee!!
I can see your phone in your pocket ;)
I see u got to meet Andreas yesterday
thanks boo(:
Off to the #capitalchallenge ! In dc. Benefits the !!
Did you mean: eternal second fiddle
Heading out soon for tour of physical archive in Richmond; tomorrow is West in SF. I like my job :-)
Never go for the obvious kill
awww, shucks! same here! :D
What caught my eye? Presenters subverting lecture style presentation halls. Wang community?
So my prof brought in donuts and Capri suns for everyone because yesterday some of us were nodding off... Awesome!
Just peeped video of TI checkin' Diddy on (who's my fav blooger by the way) glad Diddy got checked! That was ridiculous.
RT : You miss me, but you don't even try to talk to me? Okay.
:) so your name is Ryan? I'm Briana if you couldn't already tell haha xP
Just hiked through the California Poppy Reserve - absolutely stunning orange wildflowers!
it's really cold in this class....
For those dying to stand inline for hours and hand over lots of cash, we can figure out a way to start a line.
call me if you want to talk (:
it's not a Country music but this Beach Boys cover medley is another chance to use the bathroom...and refill the wine glass.
Fun trip out to Pascua Yaqui tribal lands today for a brief poetry performance at Hiaki High School
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: Winning/losing "streaks" dont exist. Every hand/tournament/game has a result irrespective of the previous one.
Headed to Duluth for the weekend with and !!
"No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one." - Jessica Savitch.
Ha! I have a rule when going to #LouMalnatis ...I can't wear white!
thanks for the CRM recommendation
Dang. Mizzou's has more points than the entire Oklahoma State team.
Success is not measured by what one brings, but rather by what one leaves. Success is never final. Winston Churchill (Great stuff)
We will know for sure in six months.
Literally a kid Just told me I'd look just like his ripped German teacher..if only I'd stop eating of course
Selling anime of all-time, with the BD literally selling under 100 copies. Japanese otaku, you continue to surprise those who look at this.
so my new follower is defiantly super beautiful
UKartist has amazing screened Amy portrait shirts for sale.Want 2 donateproceeds to you now
Home. Happily made it home before the skies opened up. Listening to the booming thunder and my cat screaming at me.
To all of my #Badgers friends in exam mode right now, good luck and stay strong! You got this!
Global Laboratory Automation Industry
Rock on indeed!
Make that 21 in a row for the #gospursgo how many teams can score 33 for 2 middle quarters and still get the win? Way 2 go Ginobili!
Listening to new music and drinking a #coke could I be any more boring. Wanna join me?!
RT I miss my Walkman. Remember those?! You could quicky pop in a new cd without having to put em all in your computer. Easy.
ACA Orals were another example where we liberals keep expecting that right-wing will be reasonable, when it is clear they won't
The city of Memphis is on suicide watch
I can't keep up with your turning tables Under your thumb, I can't breathe... So I won't let you close enough to hurt me No, I won't
watching music soul child? I woulda died!!!!
The sun is out, birds are chirping and I can smell spring flowers... Life is good!
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuiccccckkkkko I'm so tired why school why
Happy Hour begins! From 5 to 9, get 2-4-1 Taps, Rails, and Domestics with Miss Libby!
We're trying 2 keep u on ur toes. #speedbusters is back on 4 tonite, despite r earlier tweet. Next wk moves 2 Wednesday nights.
we NEED another teaser -.- lol pleeeaaasssseeeeeee (:
Don't suppose her name was Sue, was it?
haha I totally did (:
Trust me, high school ends. You graduate and get away from the people you never want to see again. It's all good.
“: I am thankful for the difficult people in my life. They have shown me exactly who I don't want to be
I like Hallyu-wood. It's catchy.
#WeWereCoolUntil you became the person you said you'd never be.
thanks for the update
Thought of the day: The guy who discovered milk.what was he doing with the cow???
RT: studying for?????? Lol>whatever grades u need to pull up. Don't make me punch u.
I got one nostril stuffed..
I think I am cat nip for cougars
go to bed! Big day tomorrow. We get to wear jeans!!! Lol :)
Thanks Barbara!
Ah just drove by a freshly painted lacrosse field. I miss coaching already!
but I had like 20 assists!! I was like Rondo today. Lol
EdVillage is back on Twitter! We look forward to engaging you in our work to improve education world-wide.
out here listening to !!!!
Diabetes in dogs really stinks!My Lily has little energy and is blind from cataracts. She's still so cute!
In the learning track at Eo GLC w/ Great facilitator and leader. Love EO.
Fantastic! RT : My #fridayreads are Barry Hannah's LONG, LAST, HAPPY & Robbe-Grillet's WHY I LOVE BARTHES. Both are hilarious.
POTUS is here and the freeway is on lockdown!
Wow, that was kind of a rant... Guess I'm upset about something... Tho its not the Bitch in Apt 23s fault... I'm in
OR WE COULD REVERSE THE GENDERS!
There's some weird people on Facebook
all except the last 1 yea damn near...but fuck it
I Do I Does I Am !
Alright pumpkin tits
#20thingsaboutme i have an irrational dream of living inside msg.
not sure. We'll tell you if we find out.
Re: UCD #protest "With gr8 sadness I watched the events of last Nov, but my concern is about concrete steps moving 4ward." ~ Senator Wolk
Why do we love when love seems to hate us?
What a long day !relaxing now
Finals start next week, Any tips to reduce student test anxiety.
aww I think that one is adorable!
I had a boot camp class this morning! Complete with Push-Ups, squats, sprints, lunges......just glad we did not have to do Pull Ups! :) xoxo
Lunch today between 2nd and 3rd street on Walnut.
hahah okay gramps. Would love to see what you can make. Cereal doesn't count :)
Signed in to #Gmail today and was greeted by their new #privacypolicy. Thanks for making it easy to undertand!
yeah, right? I think for alot of women you don't get the love of your life and a great father in the same package.
haha you're so right!
It's sad driving through downtown & seeing it like a ghost-town. #sxsw is about over
Just ate at The Counter for the first time. It was heaven!
sorry. i like the colors.
At post office to send something and there is no line
“: Two very un-Grace things today: taking care of a dog. And I drove. A car. #itsbeenover4years #thingsyoudoforfriends”
We're at the Outdoor Retailer show in SLC. Brrrrr! We need to swing by more hat and scarf booths...
Hey, I just met you. And this is crazy. But here's my number, so call me maybe?
The King of In Between should be Album of the Year
Hm a cologne that smells like weed!! An interesting concept!!
Oh, good to hear! Thanks for letting us know you enjoyed the the exhibits. :)
Thanks. I'm a new writer wanting to be published, not sure what the first step is.. any advice?
Sleepy sleepy sleepy!
The most thing I heat in my life and I will not forgive any one to do is lie I heat lie !
RT : BETO O'ROURKE IS FOLLOWING ME!!!! SO EXCITED!!! VOTE VOTE VOTE THIS MAY!!!
Hope shelly leaves this week...but #brenchel back-doored wouldn't be too bad either
idk but every other concert I've been to at Phillips has been over $100 for decent seats. :/
Check out our #CraftBrew tasting in #Chicago this Thursday night.
CODY SIMPSON IS MY FRIEND ON FACEBOOK <3 !
#Facebook hit 1B user market in August
This is after 7 phone calls to customer service. Ok. End of rant. Turning my day around NOW!
Reading 50 Shades of Grey on my day off and can't put it down! HOT! LOVE LOVE LOVE! Thanks !
Thanks for the connection Tamela, look forward to your tweets :)
We need one of those. That was full of awesome.
has been 5 months..I saw u got 2 ex-BFs! thats why I hate relationship status on FB!
“: What a coincidence. I get to the hotel and the movie The Town is on. Wonder what part of Boston this was filmed in?” teehee hbo
It would say something like: Spectacular Weekend's are for Passive People with Manners.
That'd be Nagasaki actually.
I REALLY JUST DONT GET YOU SOMEDAYS YOURE ALL TALKATIVE SOME DAYS YOU WANT NOTHING TO DO WITH ME…. QUIT PLAYING FUCKING GAMES!!!!!!
That dude or person keep on mentioning me I'm scared
how many are you expecting?
There are Jenga myths?
I do!
the summer is mine
Ever go to a show and feel like you're the only one dancing? I don't care. I'm having a great time.
thanks, we'll look into that!
One man come in the name of lube. One man come and go.
FUCK YOU ALL YOU AWESOME GAMES COMING OUT SO CLOSE TOGETHER! You're stressing me out cause I don't have time to play you all!!!!
Come out to the 5spot!!! we go on in a few!!
you look so great! Best profile pic ever!
you know you got to have those biscuits with the gravy lol
You know you found a good eye doctor when he brings up the Indiana Soccer team :)
M! Come have a Watermelon Wednesday with PPSS!
Oh, hey new Ryan Gosling movie trailer, I WILL WATCH YOU NOW.
HULK SMASH.
yea sure bring it lmao
That's a lovely forecast coinciding with my little Texan's arrival in the North Country today.
HP Virus Scan In Progress.....Still working on a Friday Night...
Don't hold back all your enthusiasm lol!
Mr. Mahone, I think you should follow us Thank you (: love you ! <3
IPFW&#39;s Hospitality Program Receives Prestigious Recognition
- I don't see any Tea in that pic.
: REPCO IS OFFERING NEW & USED GAYLORD BOXES FOR IMMEDIATE DELIVERY- CALL TODAY 561-721-3400
The sinuses are doing funky things today. Glad there are plenty of leftovers in the fridge for supper. Hint, hint
RT : Thanks for our sake cheat sheet RT! (Say that three times fast!) ^♥♥♥!
Oh those clove cigarettes. And the heat. Happy trails!
What a day! And more tomorrow!
Couldn't agree more. Knowing when to shut up is a tough lesson to learn but an important one.
Trust is like glass; Once its broken, it will never be the same again...
the one on the site is the Nomad. Available in June. Amazing shoe.
Rain has moved out and our crews are working hard to get us back open. Hope to be open shortly.
OH MY GOD PHANATIC + 30 ROCK
figured about three hours lol.
hi could you please say "goodnight Katelyn " to me?!? I love you so much!!! :) <3
I believe that we will win!!! And we did! Go Aztecs!
No, S Club 3.
"If people don't weigh in, they don't buy in" Pat Lencioni at World Biz Forum; good advice for 2010 planning...
Dinner? Drinks? Are you on a crazy schedule while here in the 317?
is this part of your BobbyV defense? He's made some poor decisions. Dubrount out after 99?
you're a poet and you didn't know it ;)
srry bout ur voice -Not fun!
I wonder how many of the conditions we asked for we'll get in the QCOM approval! I believe we wanted around 1,000. Give or take.
Hey, is the coolest. Recognize.
but seriously... you should totally lemme know if youre still gonna be in Chicago tomorrow because i will go downtown 4 U
Happy Mommy Day also
So I am in and 's stomping grounds today.
like the idea of cleaning hands before. What do you use at night that is safe for electronics?
Thank you! Love that clean code that you do :)
the Voice is ON - and Rae Lynn is on as well!
- great way to keep track of the installation dates for warranty purposes.
. was gchatting me from China. I said "subjugation of liberties." Then her internet instantly cut out. Coincidence?
Another special s/o to she be promoting her ass off!!!!!!! Giving us all a great look!!!!!!! We preciate that Forreal Forreal!!
Who is the scariest musician ever?
Are you gunna kiss me, then tell everybody?
South Dade's voice for justice was heard today! But the fight isn't over...
Happy wednesday!
not sure, but i'm learning off of a roland right now.
fuck you, united parcel service
My Dwelling joins NaVOBA and the Buy Veteran campaign.
excellent! thought so :) knew that chef has an API. was curious about whether the hosted service exposes API as well
Hova the God nigga blasphemy. I'm everywhere internationally, ask for me. I ain't neva scared.. I'm everywhere you ain't NEVER there.
Agreed.We all saw what CP3 did with T Chandler on the #PickandRoll. Its almost scary to imagine the lobs from CP3 to D Howard
: Thanks for joining us from VA! Glad to see you!
oh nice look forward to it! haha ive been getting myself ready for the MyBmore Takeover!! also school...
...so i'm not alone on this...Great...good to know...
I really want phillip phillips to win ♥
Innovative Educational Games that Effectively Teach Internet Safety to Children Online Are Now Offered on Harley ...
& u use my phone everytime u 'swaggin' on tha angry birds hoe Like I said
WEST COAST!!!! YALL BETTER TUNE IN/DVR 20/20!!! I'm just saying!! Thank me later! Fo real! Food for thought!!!! hint hint...al _ _ _!
Tomorrow at the New Deal Cafe, with the whole crew and Mary Alouette.
Best of luck at the bloggers conference with all the fab designer who's who! Can't wait to hear the details- Shine on!
Always preferable to a not-hot mess.
Thank you! The facts may surprise us, but they confirm that our presumptions are often off-base.
did you eat alot
thank you! Chuck Berry is always timeless!!
The only way I can think to describe that take by Hawes is 'genteel'.
: You might be able to knock a #Sagittarius down but they will bounce back and brush it off as if they merely tripped over a rock.
Wasn't sure #BuckShowalter was the guy for the job. MAN, I'm glad he's an Oriole.
I was just told a secret.
Its feel so good outside (:
Made my day to find out at my friends casting for that someone there loved my photos. Big love for whoever that was. :)
Thanks for the RT, Rod!
dang ur lucky ;)
I throw my fins up in the air sometimes...sayin ayyyyo...baby let's go......Up and at 'em America, time to show the world how it's done!
i'm sleepy, but i'm not sleepy. .
Just returned from #OccupyNashville meetup--around 150-200 people there. Very Excited.
ur right !!! They need to stop f ing around and play HEAT Ball!!!
That awkward moment when you try to sing a duet by yourself
Amen, brother RT : One positive, we both hate BU.
i know right! I'm so jealous! And he dm'd my friend saying there "Good" friends..Like yeahh okayy!-____-
"King Arthur Rowell of dauphin northlands. Son of lord Arthur Rowell lord of penbrook former lord of southwestern Philadelphi ...
Pretty sure my dad and I are the only people under the age of 60 in the cardiologist office
if ur down for laying bricks today come pick me up, im at mcdonalds at howell mill using their wifi
I'll go if you need a ride I'll drive you.
Yes! RT : A2:Have patience and listen with an open mind and heart, it will arrive when you are ready.
Tonight at Varsity Bar! Extreme Heat at 9pm, $5 cover, ladies free! $1 Lonestar, Ziegen, and Pearl. Free parking at University Coop w/cover.
Would love to re-connect! I'm at #wmpitchit as well. (Last year's winner; met you at #ncvs... hope you remember me!)
Lame! threatening fines for not chaining up. Does this apply to those of us with 4WD and snow tires?
Thanks so much for the lunch date today I'm going to miss you.
My rooms a mess and I'm feeling lazy right now. Who wants to help me clean it? lol
Ah. It is now called Florida State College for Women. Women who engage in gridiron football? Curious and forward-thinking!
Im fucking hungry, Gonna make myself a fucking sandwich!
Spanish tiles?
I hope everyone made it through the storms ok! Now make sure you do everything in your power to make this a great day!
SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS NORMA...HOLLER IF YA NEED ME...T/F/S...
oh my god, shut up, it's literally like the best series ever. You should read them, if you're not too cool :(
#SongsPlayedDuringSex I love college
Less than a week away! Denver fans get your tickets soon! Feb 26th we return. Gothic Theater 16+. Hit me me up for tix and get a free CD! RT
Random throw-back uni night? Anyone know what the occasion is?
Hey whats your email?
i still use construction paper.
Don't look at me I didn't do it.
It's been raining for almost 4 days now, I will collect 2 of every animal if someone else builds The Ark.
Can someone please explain to me how Harry Morgan has made it this long? My god, he looked to have one foot in the grave already on M*A*S*H!
on my way home from Muncie. Had a great time!:)
pandora kinda night!
my pleasure!
just ordered flowers for my Nan and Mom.
Like this song..it sounds good & i started laughing:) && I saw on Brandons FB :D
Walk your broken heart through that door, sit to sexy ass on that couch, wipe that lipstick off your mouth I take it, slow..
Snow in Olympia, WA my hometown, I am really thankful for this streak of good weather we've had. Hoping it continues
ok who will u kiss dude lol :P
Ard I Will
- Thanks so much for the mention!!!
I CAN'T FUCKING BREATHE GUYS I'M SERIOUS OMFGGGGGGGGGGG
GOD made me like this so, take it up with him
Step 5 Record each topic in Audio Acrobat and use the email publish code or link to use in each autoresponder
#ireallywant Austin to cone to England
Attn all ticket holders, bring ur #gabf day-of tix to Oktoberfest #Denver for a free #beer. OKT party goes till 1 am Fri & Sat
Indeed. We'll miss you JT RT : Tough break, Bucky. Great effort. Thanks for 4 great years, JTaylor! You'll be missed.
it's Calvin from 227, not Melvin.
Got a tough project? 30 mins of concentrated effort sets you on your way. Don't procrastinate. Work in 30 minute bursts/gets it done.
thanks. You 2
I've always guiltily appreciated MNF's love for the Bears and wondered what possible reason they could have for it.
"Goodbye TV a.k.a E.I.R. - electronic income reducer"
So busy;never have time 4 this anymore. Hello everybody #Blessed 2 b up & gettin ready 2 clean my tank. I know my fish yelling at me lol
i'm at #aigapivot too. hope to give you a headnod at least
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Hey follow me back!
Depend on situation and character, just don't run around.
Ah, yes. Good old modest reforms.
That's nice of you! Do you ever visit Philly? i know you do NY? Just curious....
is joining deca again? And yhu have to start wearing it more often, so i'll notice yhu.
Happy Friday!
You probably have that face "She might be interested in what I'd have to say?!" hahaha
It's been a great trend. I'd love to see a full Asian Studies #thatcamp (esp. for pedagogy...)
I'm ABSOLUTELY in!
Tonight. 12:30 a.m. Me: Craig Ferguson. CBS. Late Late Show. You: Watch? DVR?
Inspired to be in a room with so many #Oregon #edreform leaders at The Children's Institute lunch!
I still don't have a problem with you. Just don't speak to me/about me.
gunna take a nap tired
Prepping Gaslamp condo for another monthly rental today...sure will miss my urban vacation rental!
Pack what u think u need and take out 1/2! RT Just had a webinar with peeps. They haven't packed yet either.
Thanks to for coming out and speaking this morning and big thanks to our sponsor
Today as I got up and looked out the window. My neighbors kids were going through my mailbox.
Some asshole wrote UN F*ck The World on my Fiat's rear window while I was away. A lovely welcome back :( At least my car needs a wash anyway
#TrickOrTreaterCount 6 + a complement on my landscaping. (Incentive to open the door for the next group)
Thanks for your support! RT : Congrats on #SmallBiz nomination! Hope you all win.
t-shirt bogdanovich.
If they can develop convenient amnesia regarding 2000-2008, they can forget ANYTHING.
I hope I can stay awake until #Thrones tonight
Drinking isn't my thing either BUT there is the Detroit Symphony Orchestra and the Detroit Institute of Arts :)
Halfway through yogato challenge.
foreals its because i aint at crockett but im going bak next year
Happy Earth Day!
RT : Where you at Houston we're right down the road in Pearland at the Badfish Bar & Grill! COME PARTY!!!
na Camerons best one is in his dads office with tight jeans flannel shirt and a cowboy hat lmafo!!
“: I think I wanna go to O.A.R. concert, but I don't listen to em enough.” You will have a BLAST if you go. Guaranteed.
Santa ate all the pizza we left out and left us a stocking of sausage! Merry Christmas pizza lovers!
my husband want you to look at our desktop.
IN DA LAB!
Started feeling down again... Fuck no.
Goodnight kisses>>> 😘😊
Pt2 (from the film) I mean, the reporter just called up the White House library and the librarian was ready to check records. Inaccurate!
Speaking of Claude Shannon, there's an excellent discussion of his work in Jon Gertner's book The Idea Factory on the history of Bell Labs
Naaa mane leave it.
I think the person that drew that needs help, or art classes. (play me, I suck, but not as bad as this person lol)
It was a great show! I wish you coulda been there!!!
Hope to see you all in New Orleans at #SGIA! AnaJet Booth # 1345
OMG YAY ITS TWO PEOPLE I LOVE BIRTHDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
#I would give anythin to get u by my side.:))
not home grown, but raised beds are on the todo list this weekend and next
EVERY RACIST comment will be answered here...so let's go!
Israeli Minister of Public Security Yitzhak Aharonovitch said Israel & Gaza are on the verge of a conflict akin to Operation Cast Lead.
Created 3 postings to #craigslist...hope that silly spammer stays away.
Disregard my email from last night isn't the Real Mark!
Writing some more beats/music! I stay in the lab. Work now party later!
Who all is going to Brad Paisley next month? I need a group of friends to tag along with since all mine are gonna be gone ):
travel safely and Congrats again!!!!!!!!!
hehe luv it let's hangout tonight!!
Goodnight everyone!
Hey Vivian, would you be interested in covering CMJ for a blog?
My bestie is with a Bahamian #sigh oh the nostalgia :-)
The space! Lots of room to cook tons of meat and the efficiency with the DigiQ is amazing!
ONE MORE PERIOD.
Watching #SunsetBlvd & reminiscing about a lot of good, bad & indifferent memories of my own.
It is not too early to apply for summer #internships and jobs!
I think we can all say called that one
is working up the motivation to get out of bed and... yes, pack. Movers will be here in less than 24 hours. AWESOME.
From a Positive Tomorrows student's year-end survey: "Math is very important and if you try you can sussead, however you spell that."
these TTs are boring. let's trend something new. please
"WARNING: Dates in Calendar are closer than they appear." ~ Author Unknown... LIVE now. LOVE now. LAUGH a lot. Seize YOUR day. Go Giants!!!
Okay y'all, I'm looking for someone who went to prom back in the late 80's who has a kid going this year. Time for a trip down memory lane!
lmao imagine me on that show!
ps my cousin almost convinced me to stay in Alabama with my pops and work at mcdonalds. I was thisclose to doing it.
BORED TO DEATH ....
Thx for S/O RT : Dude, my man. That is a awesome video.
You are just a very worldly kind of guy! Miss you stranger!
I'm so bored at work
A great unexpected detour: The Done Deals at
I had a good night last nite ^_^
Was just asked if my leg was OK. Had to explain my habit of stepping only an even number of steps in each sidewalk square.
I am at doctor apt with waiting to start Spencers test #loveit!
Quite looking forward to seeing & learning some more about #Astros #MiLB'er Jean Carlos Batista & re: ball in the Dominican!
ireally want some mike and ikes at the moment !
Cats & Dogs should be fed 2x a day. No free feeding to ensure vitality, enhance the immune system, help them slim down & build better blood
I just listened to super bass no way you know all the lyrics...you're gonna have to prove it NH
Nunez would have made 43 errors on that play.
Read one of your articles today. Thought I recognized your name from VU Student Media. I'm c/o92 so prob from alumni mags.
can we just go on a date. get away from everyone..just you and me..
Ah, good Q. I'll get the thoughts of the experts...
I think it was a long bad day for everyone.
Any pray requests??
#everygirlisbeautifulandspecial the end.
What it do? U k know me, i been in the lab. How u been?
If u love me.. this how u let me know.. don't ever let me go.. that's how u let me know baby!!
If you got haters, your doing something right.
oh okay, thanks for the update. I was in the gym, and could only see the score. We need him, he need to work that out soon!
I have filmed inside prisons but have never witnessed this. Absolutely horrific.
My phone too dry ! Lol .
“: I wonder what a dunk contest between vince carter and jason richardson would look like now....”.<<< left handed lay ups
is the best n always makes me feel better!!!! I lovee youu n so grateful to have u in my life!!!!
Ugh. Left my cell phone at home. Don't you hate it when that happens?
Stay away from negative conversations and from negative people.
/ I hope we are still talking about the beta. It's coming, I promise. A lot of January left.
still a packer fan for life.. even if they lost to the giants
Reggie Evans was late for today's game because he was stuck in traffic after filming the final episode of this seasons Gangland.
Even in tough times, contemporary art sells via
RT : Nevermind the Mindless & Ignore the Ignorance™
No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life. Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive.
Shit I missed criminal minds ;( hate missing the beginning of shows
Cinco De Mayo
Happy Easter!!
I LOVE YOU?! why can't you see that I wanna stop loving you but it's so hard :/
while everyone is having an awesome time at Austin's concert...ill be sitting home alone, dying.
" We need to act quickly " ,or "the opportunity is gone forever. This is the biggest hindrance to digital creativity.” - Ekaterina Walter
“Control your own destiny or someone else will.” - Jack Welch
Taxes submitted. BIG check mark off the to do list for the weekend. Yay.
the hottest guy on the planet! !!....hes the best friend of Austin mahone &hes on youtube
Hey #Ward5: Every #vote counts! Esp in the rain! RT I was just voter # 3 at precinct 44 in the
TONIGHT Move over Jay Leno -We got Louis Van Amstel, Lisa Walter,Fox News Jennifer Griffin& singer Elan 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
TROLOLOLOLOLOLOL RT : When you're drawing a cartoon version of a cannon and everyone thinks it's a giant penis.
Good morning del I hope you have a great day
“The City of Samba” | kontramensch
Shots of black cherry run. Good idea? Yes?
light it up -- cz im a smoker
Webcam would increase the file size of the total file because it is full motion video. What is the difference in file sizes?
So many Asian guys around UCLA I'm officially calling it The Joy-Fuck Club.
KATE FREAKING NASH.
I love your tweets
Happy Birthday to #COLABpdx - enjoy your first beer!
Better know history Shows If You Wana Win Rings You Either Go To Boston or Laker Land....Not A Miami Heat Spot
WM's repository hits 400K downloads! scholarship.law.wm.edu. I like to think my papers account for a dozen hits or so.
There are NO tickets on the door for the Snowball tonight. The last ticket was picked up this afternoon.
Whitlows Rooftop crowd control has improved, which leads me to believe the line outside has worsened.
Are you made of wheat grass and brewers yeast??
#edchat I'm actually working on a student eportfolio - anyone willing to beta test? :D
WOW. This Teacher Is STUPID She Expects Us To Do 3 250 Question Reviews! That's 750 Questions! 😳😡😒
I pretty much just do whatever Oprah tells me to.
That last tweet was deep lol.
A new era at dungeons has began The "New Madd Demonic Looney Rancid" era Has Begun 2011=FEAR
dont compare me to him you faggot. & it happens.(:
It's finals week How's everyone doing?
#wmnldrs UWM SCEs Dean Arredondo stresses the importance of harnessing the power of women grads
Production Updates: in pre-pro on "Natalies Lose Lose" (shooting end Oct) & just about finished post on the 3D short "The Hearts Eye View"
Follow my homeslice to stay updated on her new 2012 acoustic & full band concert dates coming soon-BH
Happy Friday “Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.”
Getting 60 dollars randomly in the mail from your grandma?
#GeffenContemporary #MOCA Street art exhibit = amazing!
Congrats on your fellowship, Annie! I wish we could all spend another year together in the fellows lounge!
So apparently today is National Eat What You Want Day...??? Do I even need to make the obvious joke here? lol
Key Note Speakers Include: Mercedes M. Márquez, Assistant Secretary Community Planning & Development, U.S. Dept of Housing & Urban Dept
Gracias! Thank you for the follow. Sante!
you betta calm ya nipples lmaooo :p
It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival
maybe we should re-evaluate how mental illness is identified and treated vs blaming political rhetoric for when sick people do sick things
Blessed....despite of my current problems
Watching #Alien on #IFC - Cant wait for
I wanna swim with dolphins!
haha! You saved so much money on your car insurance!
Can not wait till my iPod gets here
I love you! <3
Mention this post and receive $1 off drafts during Pens game at 2pm! Hell, there ain't nothing else going on.
what's good with you how have you and the fam been
RT + (South Coast Winery) should top everyone's list of finest Southern California wines.
And she probably wants a guy to txt her smh
TIME IS RACING TOWARD US, TILL THE HUNS ARRIVE. HEAR MY EVERY ORDER. AND YOU MIGHT...SURVIIIIIIIIIIIVEEEEEEEEEEEE.
tonights show was badass, thanks to everyone who came
yea came home last Friday
Either love your players or get out of coaching.-- Bobby Dodd
right there with ya. Mo prestige mo problems?
- That kinda sounds like a country song. And yes, I kinda think it's gonna be Lexie. :(
Good morning yall! Looks like its going 2 b a great day
RT : RT : If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
Happy Star Wars Day, and May the Fourth be with you.
Yes, lets all do a lunch!
cus you know they always be making female judges cry and she'll give her honest opinion i think
I want Jersey Shore season 2 to be on MTV right NOW!!!!!!
why do dominican guys insist on wearing aeropostal???
MWM welcomes aboard Connor Mac! Watch out for this guy! He is a total character and killer actor!
Happy shopping!
its about to get illegitimate.
My dad is cominf today ha ha
what are you gonna teach me? How to knit?
Everyones timeline is getting spammed but hey everyone has a right to be mad! Big Time Rush is just a an unoriginal boy band who can go...
Damn my body is kilin me. Workout was nice
u call ur mom a whore...huh??
I'd rather see you in real life ;)
Make sure to mention you saw this on twitter!
Fear is temporary. Regret is forever.
- at this point in the year, he's trending. But how about Wes Welker? He's been ridiculous too!
Getting back on it today!!! I workout. Way to keep it going !!!
Charleston South Carolina too.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me Philippians 4:13
no way esá
seriously...damn you Chicago for getting all kinds of cool shit :)
I'm loving Justin Biebers new song and really sort of excited to see the video .. Is that creepy? He is legal now right lol
Sweet dreams are made of this 🎵
hey brandon t! This is your youth pastor from way back. Remember when you pranked me and put a crash dummy in my car? Lol
I guess I am young for love but what other way to describe my feelings for him.
PLEASE KEEP FOLLOWING & I WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK ASAP! STILL ON A LIMIT SO HIT UP YOUR FRIENDS OR SHOUT ME OUT! :) I WILL RETURN THE LOVE!
Aww! You think so ? Is Carmel ready for us?
omg cameron... WHY D: you frustrate me
Daily Tip: Walk facing traffic so you can see approaching cars.
Nobody ever gives me envelopes full of cash. :(
Where'd did my happiness go?
Damm have not had sex in a year and 3 months or i think more
Battleship was better when it was called Transformers.
your just mad.
Ravens football hot steamed crabs and a great time watching practices sessions at M&T Bank stadium
exactly. Triflin hoe! I feel bad for his family. He was trying to do right.
That's my favorite too. But, I didn't see any in the first half.
Yeah the party never ends, this life is what I recommend.
one doesn't have to be a big guy to be the big guy. Sometimes you have to get over yourself and do the right thing, in spite of... -TTW
My new creative project - jewelry (pins, earrings, bobby pins, headbands) from recyled fabric from my fashion designer friends. What fun!
If you're the type to get giddy abt MLS academy kids, go to Swope tonight. One of the reserves is seven years younger than Teal.
Long run Saturday, perfect Phoenix weather. Thinking about how to help my clients improve cash management and improve profitability. CFO.
Horse of a Different Color members on twitter.
How about nonprofit tech conferences? How do u feel about those? Do u have any interest? How about emailing me about that?
he finally joined the club
ive been counting down 40 days since saturday haha
my pleasure, thanks for inspiring so many to get & stay
is lookin hot with the motherboard hat!
great article congrats mr page
Our 420 party is officially on! Happy 420 Albuquerque!
is going to do family stuff in LA, I hope there's a place to sleep.
Remember Draw Something?
Goodmorning everyone! Were having a wonderful day at topnotchescort.net and let us make u happy
Today 1969: Wisc. Congressman David Obey elected in special election after Melvin Laird was appointed Sec. of Defense by President Nixon.
There is such a thing as professional burn out. It's my day off and I'm so tired I can't see straight :-(
I love finding money in my clothes. It's like a gift from me... to me.
Ah nuts, I forgot to bring white socks to the gym. Looks like dress socks it is :(
Our new music upload series continues! Check them out now in 'Sweepers'.
Thanks, Chris. Love these virtual handshakes! Have a good day!
MY MIND IS ALWAYS WORKING SO DON'T BE SURPRISE WHAT YOU SEE
there is only one guy for me.
Every product w/ an iPod dock will become like those big square wall holes designed 4 old TVs when Apple decides to change the input thingy
Trying Google Buzz. Not buying the hype so far.
Bring it, ho
Imprtant factor in GB's partners was the immunity for major damages of state universities - Samuelson
I LOVE THE ASSHOLE CHANTS FOR LEBRON! THIS IS WHY I LOVE NY AND MSG!
what? Oh, well I am sure we are number 4.
did you know?The only planet without a ring is earth.
I'm having a sneeze attack. And my friend said me being orchestra is sexy. Bahahah
Are you a contractor that uses Service Magic? If so beware if you cancel service they probably won't remove your info and steal business
Video Shoot Tomorrow For New Single Off Fuck Ya Feelin's Get Mad Vol2
I AM NOT HAYLEY.
#IfWeJustSmashing Don't text me for no other reason EVER
thnkyou for this AMAZING 3 years<3. It's hard to see you grow that fast, but good thing were growing together(':
Well I think I should be nice too. How was your Santa Claus and your new year?
No, it means nothing
you're welcome! It's well earned!
Got a call from my dad as he was literally on a gondola in the Venetian Grand Canal in Italy. Technology makes jealousy much easier.
Making risotto. Everybody leave me the hell alone.
the guys at are fucking awesome
happy easter my love. <3 (:
Cacao is a tree, native to South America, whose seeds are the source of cocoa and chocolate.
thanks! That means a lot :)
so close to 30,000 Followers! Let's help them get there! Tell all your Friends!
Saturday 28th January - countdown to the Proms at Newark Palace Theatre.
been home in boston!
Wow now the Clippers deal fell apart too lmao..
how u hate me because im doing what im supposed to be doing?
Happy birthday ;)
3 New Tracks Up More Comming Soon! ZoeBeats.Com Hit It Up! Leases $10 At The Momment Wont Last Long!
will do
God wants a relationship with you.
Ha how much wood could a woodchuck chuck if the wood chuck was chuck Woodson?
Just heard Duo Albergue plans releasing their first studio album!
He actually doesn't "hate" anything according to the Bible.
Smoke a little grass, make a lot of music. Smoke a little grass, make a lot of music. Smoke a little grass, make a lot of music.
yes sir! Thought I told you
On tonight's menu: Mashed Cauliflower Puree for #MeatlessMonday. How will you make dinner count?
Fight the Bite! Helicopter drop launches West Nile Virus season. Kick-off event is TODAY @ 10 a.m. More info visit www.SDFightTheBite.com
hot song on Leno
Come in today for a therapeutic massage to get you through the rest of the week. Go to www.massagedc.com for your $10 off coupon.
Do you mean handed to you like the Jets handed it to the Patriots?
Welcome Adam — The year's new project here has in fact been learning to cook Indian food; and prowling Devon Ave. for ingredients!
“The man who views the world at 50 the same as he did at 20 has wasted 30 years of his life.” ~Muhammad Ali
I really wonder where people or how they find my instagram.... imageisamount
ok stay there i'm on my way
We only need 9 more fans and then we start handing out FREE wristbands!
that's genius, so is "Ma Baker"
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on"
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it's time to pause and reflect - Mark Twain
you're welcome! Enjoy it and shake that bootay lmao
Hahha who was it?? I'm not gonna be able to take that class serious now!
The #MissNYUSA Pageant is this weekend! Wishing the best of luck to everyone... can't wait to see who will be the next !
dark green?
Bout to kill these role plays
thanks for spreading the word! ;)
aw thanks so much! Glad you like my vids. :)
About 30 or so hours till Rangers Caps game 7
I hate when a really cute stranger says something to me...i just stand there staring in shock and while im doing that theyre gone -.-
Meeting with the NXNW Dems tonight! Should be insightful.
When someone says they need somethin for 30 min and u have to wait 2hrs for it
On my Nina Simone vibe today
that was a great report, I sat in my car in driveway - couldn't get out until I listened to the whole story! Thx for your work!
thanks bud. Next LA trip we need to catch up!
This test really will be the death of me....
American Reunion time. Hopefully Jim gets a 2nd shot at that pie
Just saw #thedescendants. Thought it was excellent
I'm so excited about the meeting I had with "Tv One" & "Radio One" founder Ms. Catherine Hughes yesterday. God is truly good!
#HappyBirthdayValerie !c: hope you have a qoood day.
We can make it simple.
Aw, nobody in the real world uses metadata anyway.
wow... Were there jalapenos involved
I think I have a concussion.
The Used, self titled album <3
Check the ice cream flavors: PB Banana Buster, Dark Chocolate Cherry, Butter Pecan, Blue Moon, Birthday Cake...
Listening to talking about the eText initiatives at Madison. New Internet2/Educause pilot
May that be a lesson to anyone who thinks about wearing backpacks to press conferences.
Great news, everybody: I just signed a contract with EMI Music Publishing Portugal More great things will happen in 2012, so get ready!!!
ok so the hottest girl at the bar and we are watching you
yeah that's what they are using so we can sprinkle her with diapers and little things,
Going out on a limb here...thinking "Gooch" is not a fan.
true.. did all the tweeting, we just tweeted along with her & others caught on.
To lazy to finish my math homework
I feel guilty about nothing... but I do love SORORITY BABES IN THE SLIMEBALL BOWL-O-RAMA so much I'm getting a tattoo of it.
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Starbucks - H6 - Starbucks (live updates)
I really want to watch Romeo + Juliet
There's no repayment for that...
The Blunt Amendment got knocked down, (preposition important in context), in the senate; some good sense displayed. Yea.
I thought you left already lol
Happy Mothers Day Momma 💜 I love you so much!
what's louis my killa?
If you see me smiling while walking on campus, rest assured that I'm in full roast-mode in my head.
Come to the Dark Side, we have cupcakes.
Polly tried to eat a dried earthworm the other day. Blech!
“: Whenever I try 2 use my #Citi credit card abroad, Citi suspends it 4 suspected fraud. #UselessPlastic” Yep, happened w/HSBC 2
that looks like an awesome show!
I thought you said goodnight 10mins ago haha
Forgot this was a baseball state. I've been reminded now. Congrats ul?!? I guess
Thinking about making a nice Lamb curry with Xmas #leftovers. Yum!
Laying Here Thinking Bout Some Things!
When you text like 8 people and NONE of them reply, and those are the people you actually want to talk to. /:
have fun @ the studio !!!
Never have I wanted a boxer to win a fight more than I want cotto to beat mayweather Watching 24/7 ... Great show
In 1 week: My pals on at the great Come for , stay for $.50 paperbacks!
Dont mind at all RT : shared the song shout onto God with my friends on facebook hope u dont mind :-)
#AmITheOnlyOneThat waits for the right person to start a real relationship with?
Thanks, Nana! Hope you had a GREAT Thanksgiving!
Thanks, Megan. Feeling the effects of #1, so how 'bout the first round's on me when we finally meet up!
Don't get caught up in the nonsense... Be who you are supposed to be.
They will!
FORGIVE MY IGNORANCE. EDUCATE ME, MOMMA
we loved last night. Superb performances! @
Those are some great Chicago picks!
hey what's up?
i only wanna give it to yu..my heart that is.. ;)
yeah. 3 hours of study hall. :/
Should've called interference on the coin toss.
definitely. And they came up to the big leagues a week apart from each other
YEP OH YES
trying to follow you, it's not taking...
Pitt v uconn
Private Friend
the game is a little chippy eh? These teams must not like each other
Just saw a line of Blackhawks fly overhead... I wonder if there will ever be a day a military won't exist.
I just installed the new UberSocial for Android
hows your foot?
I hope so, i hope i have money by the time the tickets are out, if not then idk, but i really really hope so.
Cowboys never cease to leave me miffed. I could have made that pick.
lets just go this weekend
Thanks for coming out and supporting tonight. Appreciate it!
“: Can you follow me please please please? HUGE fan :)” You bet cha=)!
We're switching hosts today!
Where should I go for #Christmas dinner, #Ihop or #WaffleHouse? Anything else open in #AthensGA? #Decisions, decisions.
what celeb do you think would marry me send the answer in a message
Words as keys to choose the right you can open any soul and close his mouth every ...
Saw someone on facebook with the name "Michael Ikeeplosingbets Giants"
Check out my second twitter .
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
Yay!!! RT : Can't wait to do some guest vocals for ! :)
will work on it “: If the Knicks are still playing when we get to NYC, we gotta find a way to see a game live!!”
I got the second one!
Thank you! RT : Most journalists DON'T like the gruesome shots.. ie I don't need to see body on I-25, & we WON'T air it...
The writers of #desperate-housewives should be ashamed of themselves
Thanks to #ACA, so-called “gender rating” where women pay more for #HC will be prohibited starting in 2014. Solutions!
only 33hrs more until that flight to the vi
God Is Good
: Berny and I have developed: Knife possessed by grade school teacher who's possessed by serial killer. Title: Circle of Knife.
can I still get in to the grind session in NYC next week?
we saw the 1st snow in Estes Park, Co. for this year 22 inches of beautiful white flakes. Don't see much of it where we are in Texas.
how tha fux u gon call me...pay my bill then call me
Looks amazing!! Can't wait to get it
Any progress on the Stokes Friendly scarves?
CONGRATS!! News 4 Emmy nominated for Nat'l Championship Air Races crash; Only station in Reno getting Emmy nom for 2011 news coverage
it's mornings like these that I wish I could wear sweats to work
"Who ties their dog to a pole, like a stripper?"
Saw your Twitter name and just had to say, my middle name is Jane too!
You want me to be impressed with how much stuff you have in your house, I want you to be impressed with how much stuff I have in my heart
You girl, you right there, you look like you like this shit How'd I know, how'd I know? That's me on some psychic shit
CONGRATS!!! RT : Great team effort today! Grinded it out for the win. On to the second round!
It has always puzzled me how Casey Jones could be considered a "hero." His actions seemed pretty reckless to me.
ReTweeting Poised Creation might increase your lifespan! ;)
In Paris France take a chance this romance makes me come ali-i-i-ive!!!!
that's cuz you're the best(:
how do you propose getting the community more involved with humanitarian efforts?
oh mighty boom box.. When are my boys (and #1inspirations) touring? /:
Aramis with a meaningless rbi double. Couldnt do that when you had bases loaded? Crew down 4-2. (Aram Overrated)
Bless you and all your tribe!
Keisha what's so great about this morning is that you are a live and in America www.osirisjames.wordpress.com
The show fuckin' rocked tonight! Thanks for everyone that came and saw us play! Stay tuned for the next 4 shows!
#shamrickShake hell yea!
Happy Birthday Nate <3
that curren$y and styles p mixtape is really good…. I wish it were longer
And you don't have to listen to what I say, but it seems like you have alot of feelings for him. You only live once right!
Just the awesomeness that is embroidery and direct to garment printing :)
is 3ish ok?
oh shit! Tear it up and tell Jason I say what's up.
It's the calm before another storm
Good news! RT : #Pens Crosby: felt good. Glad to be out there. Longest I went at that pace. -SK
If you knew better, you'd do better..
Well, that sounds exciting ... or potentially life-threatening.
If you work for a living, why you kill yourself working
without drama life would be pretty boring. It'd be like communism
Just wrapped up a set of Christmas songs at Turf Valley. Back to Buffett, Chesney, etc after my break. Good night so far!
Let's go IU
Throwing out $9 worth of tilapia is enough to break my heart.
can I possibly get a birthday shoutout from you?
My pleasure!
Are you a fan of doing crunches? Next time, put your tongue on the roof of your mouth, it will help align your neck!
Another anecdote on Black History Month: the Negro son joined the French Army using his mom’s surname, Du mas, who's risen to highest rank..
I wish my dog know how to use the toilet;(
Having lunch w/ @ #Amarin in Hillcrest talking about social media, #politics #election2012 and
thank goodness he is gone.
I think im finna show my mom what Jalen looks like lol
I'm glad she's not suffering anymore. Joy White will always be loved. R.I.P.
off to work. Have a great day!!!
day of mostly relaxation today then #ontothenextone for day 2 of the main event tomorrow. hashtag like = play like him?
Kindof a freak of nature today. Woke up on my own after a tiny bit of sleep. Debating sleeping another half hour, or going in early.
haha i came on ur twitter page and i saw ur background and bursted out laughing! hah its so funny/cute! follow me please?(:
Nasty as in mean?
This Jose Altuve guy is giving me an ulcer. Actually, it might be the tuna salad put on the bottom of my frozen yogurt bowl.
Everybody remember your pets during the hurricane! Keep them safe!!
Going to be a busy week...working on tons of choice interviews and segments for the Healthylife.net news !
I agree it's a good sign. Thanks for the RT!
I went to the gym for like 10 min today... and i was like lets goo!
i hate when my bad ankle randomly gets sore
are you going to Elizabeth Stone lecture on campus tonight?
I went to google to search for something. Anyone remember what it was?
work tonight 5-8....really not looking forward to it.
nah. broadcasters only want to share what they WANT to broadcast
When people can't put it together you're in cosmo....
Ah okay. I'll be down there Sunday. Text me and we'll meet up!
it has to start in Atlanta so you can meet Mary.
your cute(: haha and you look like Niall! Lol
In Pittsburgh spending time with fam! Thank you Uncle Carl
Good morning who's ready to hustle today?
Just started a Run. 70 °F, 6mph N, 22%
That is great. Thanks so much. I've only had minimal contact with bob Sutton but I like him - and now I really like him
If a turtle doesnt have a shell, is it naked or homeless?
We seriously need to make that happen one day.
The best. And nicest smile! “: #Cardinals WR visiting the Gene Lewis Boxing Club tonight. #NFLGoodGuy”
i never get like any views/likes/comments anymore...:P
No way!!! Haha
Raise of the Planet of the Apes.
#FF friends of
Whitney Mercilus has an awesome surname for a linebacker.
You don"t need a degree in marketing or design to do this! Heck, you don't even need to finish high school!
- \ˈspēk-ˌē-zē\ loves bbq and jerk - do you deliver to San Jose?!?! - thanks for the follow!
I've heard startups pitching investors at different coffee shops the last three days in a row … in Oakland and Berkeley
Thanks for the
Heard through the grapevine that some find us uninspiring. Same could be said for ALA.
#JackMcBrayer (aka Kenneth on #30Rock) was on my public bus yesterday in Chicago! I tried to speak, but words came out wrong! :/
long week. we're open for business.
Can't wait to see what's in season this year on the beach farm
Quinn the Eskimo.......again
I heard the Rubicon in Mission Hills is opening tomorrow... FINALLY!
do you see finley walking next year? (from GB)
Just when things look bad "remember kids Charlie loves you." Lol:-) :-) :-)
audio definition
i really need Spo to get a play for Miller or Jones there though!
Happy New Year. Wishing everyone successful year!
I love watching white hipsters existentially grapple w liking a rap album. It's okay guys, nobody's going to revoke your pass or anything.
Haha great sarcasim! Made my morning.
baby when you need someone to translate to spanish here i am !
You will have to tell me what you think, I got a great response from the last art fair on that one. I love Grey hounds as well.
Just watched a vid of Bam visiting Dunn's crash site..fucking lost it..don't think I could hold up either losing a friend like that...
them b the ones either got something or end up pregnant by yo ass lol
in Phoenix!! Love the show so far
Yeah a truly bad team for the last years gets a ton of studs after zero change and no one is questioning it?
My dad said if you dress like me I would get mugged.. Thanks
90% of social media is just showing up. It's the other half that is hard.
You get a free meal at chickfila if you come dressed as a cow. So get a move on.
Translated a portion of a sermon by Martin Niemöller for today.
ya'll should check out club rain fri. june 18 1st ever famous friday hosted by money in da bank free cover
Eek! The "to do" list for re-opening the Wickersham House Museum is getting longer. Fortunately, so are the days!
ik but he's locked up now
Tired...ready for that sunday nap
When Paulina licks Maria cookies and sticks them on her face >>>>>>>
Reports that Bobby Petrino is out as Arkansas Head Coach.
I'm here now and think it would be better to tell them over the phone.
You should know that this love is unconditional!
I made a promise to keep voting for and imma keep it :)
Rest in peace Freaky Tah. I always say things would be different if you was still with us.
you're welcome
I think it's more like who needs encouragement!
still love this pic of you:-)
Alexander Graham Bell was born on Morch 3, 1847. Celebrate by picking up the phone and calling us at 503.239.0100! Free delivery when...
yeah they make some very cool stuff. Its a brand I don't have unfortunately.
I always love seeing your name pop up on my phone.
Are you on crack? They have a pretty standard sized restaurant glass. Good luck getting a soda at any other theater for less.
me u seanie/peterr!!! so just text me tomorrow 3477294708
I just stopped myself from purchasing a Groupon because I disliked the company's Wordpress Theme.
lol alright hold on
I don't understand whats so confusing about feelings. You either like them or you don't. You love them or you don't. No in-between shit.
patrickjcav: if you're going to buy all kinds of discount Valentine's Day candy tomorrow!
I just made me some grits! man, these are soo good :))
you will not defeat me!! Themes fixed!!
Hi Kristine. How are you? I've been off line a lot the past few days, solar flares messing with my internet? Hope you're well
Running today with the neighborhood group! Bring on this fabulous Saturday!
in the metro area?
Shoes are overtaking my room. I haven't decided if this is a problem yet.
The value is not instant results, but instant context, feedback, potential for iteration.
Ouch? Royals drop 11 in a row? Get it together boys!
Jello shots up the ass on mothers day
We're on vacation tonight -- have a wonderful Thanksgiving holiday and enjoy our "best of" show this evening!
Does this also apply to theses? ;)
On tapped, Cuvee Des Jacobins Rouge (replaces Chuckanut Brewing Kolsh Ale) yes on growler & $3 pints
amen to that!
RIP Jobs...
You are awesome! I totally forgot about that picture.
That's a tough one.
Saw a cute girl at The Midnight Show. I'm thinking I should have taken a page out of 's playbook and left her a post-it note.
download emoji emoticons and you will find some!
True love is when you are far away from each other and no one can take your place.
Last all-nighter in a while hopefully
I feel 4Michelle Obama the queen has spent $10million on her vacations We dont have jobs&cant afford a trip to the El Segundo sewer system.
Hahaha! Funniest response all night. :-) Love.
“: No such thing as giving up too much for truly elite QB. If he's not, everyone's getting fired anyway so who cares?” SO TRUE
This bitch needs to shut her paisa ass up
Come into Lotties for food & drink to melt the slush away.
How do you fuel your long runs?
Congrats to editor Sheila Black--she won the 2012 Witter Bynner Fellowship!
Wondering why my daughter spent $3 on 1 doggie cupcake from some dog store downtown. $3 and the dog doesn't even like it!
Happy endings? Now I know.
Nothing better than a #Wisconsin steak at Tornado Room
Lol dude mad cuz i got a boyfriend now.. Jealousy is so not cute!
It blows my mind when people use "your" as "you're" AND as "your" in the same sentence. Like, did it even faze you?
True love is when you both bust your bottoms to ensure the household is taken care of but find time for each other still!
Tip #98: Listen to commentary, read poker blogs, and most importantly...ask a great player/coach if they would take you under their wing.
Tonights show is live on gashouseradio.com
What #Milwaukee area #nonprofits and #charities do you support? We're always on the lookout for great causes so let us know who ur favs are!
I saw a dead fish on the road when I went running
Seems like Pepsi is trying too hard to leverage XFactor sponsorship w/ #SBXLVI.Love simplicity of Coke/American Idol activation
I wish! Maybe we can do a discount on dues, but we had to repair a pool leak so funds a problem
Well, #Apple did fullscreen on multiple monitors correctly on at least one app on #MacOSX #Lion… QuickLook.
sorry my phone died -_-
yes ma'am.-BH
In GA for SCAD softball camp till Wed.
": Starting the gym next week!! Out of shape and summer around the corner #muscleheadtweet" I say this everyday lmfao
Headed home
How did the fiancée not notice an extra 20k for the car?
Listen to "Clarity" today. You're welcome.
7 AM practice today and soccer game
THIN LIZZY, YOU FECKER! // RT : "Hey Irish people, your music fucking sucks" ~ Everybody in the world
Scaffolding Collapses Injuring Construction Worker - KGTV San Diego
I gotta stop retweeting.
How exciting, can't wait to see them. Come visit me soon. I'm feeling better and hopefully by July I'll be walking again.
“: plus bucket” whaaaaa?!
"Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the universe together."Oprah Winfrey
FWIW, my bro pointed out how katniss's face always looked fairly clean. no dripping, dirty blood to be found.
Good Morning to you.. Its a nice day out here.
": Happy to begin writing my seven page report ;D #NerdLife"
Bfast club shooting this AM was great! Game Day too
You text him, he doesn't back. He was obviously so excited that you texted him that he fainted.
Birthday dinner tonight - Nitty Gritty with the Fam.
Why didn't we let them secede again?
Stat of the day - Randy Wolf 5-0 in his last 6 starts.
I'm actually frightened
This is the part of me, that you're never ever gonna take away from me
I'm ready for a party!
gonna go to sleep! tweet me ideas i can do for this page like imagines GTS anything like that! thanks guys :) -Melanie
We can't wait for Monday... Anybody know why? #ChevyGirls #chevyfun (giggling)
Great app idea! An app that will delete all the screen captures my kids take on my iPhone and iPad. I never should have taught them how!
Jeez, getting it from both social media ends, aren't I?
I suck at basketball I need my friends to teach me ;(
I don't know what store gave me a canadian dime but whoever did it I hope you burn in hell.
Don't like being awake and not talking to Jose.
doesn't deserve this
Love Love Love Love ♥
watch the ticks!
Buying #followers just shows that you have as much #integrity as people who buy prostitutes. If you gotta buy 'em, you don't deserve 'em.
Oh my poor feet are killing me =(
I know someday being upset about this will all seem stupid , but for now it hurts :/
Heard Dakota just arrived.
thats just plain stupid
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
DOIN SOME CLEANING TODAY
BOA froze my account and won't let me get my money! Giving to the government tomorrow unless mom files forms re:name change? Help
Almost to 50 likes! :) Next person who likes Saver Gator gets 4 tickets to an Indians Game!
Who is your person who you look up to?
Record an album with Anton Music Productions and we will build you a free website!
More shocking #NFL news to #Packer fans is that someone willigly signed Pat Lee?!!? Yes.....IR Pat Lee!
So much fun last night. Thank you and aotearoa for the best Friday
is awesome! You should give a try.
follow back please? (:
It's a beautiful day #Denver, how many people have you seen #tebowing today?
i did alredy follow her but is tis getting 500 followers part real cause som ppl just lie im not callin u a liar jus askin
(cont) Mel Gibson in a straight jacket, and don't forget the koolaid man at the door...
hey can you please give me a shout out I just made this please help me?
Thanks KB! Enjoy your day!
Ditto RT : #ASTD2012 Still reeling from 's fascinating talk this morning.
Dinner with the boys and for mayer for malibu
SP Tool Tip: Idera Site Monitor, Space Trends to monitor which sites are taking max resources Database Accelerator - Point out Bad Indexes;
pay attention
Check out our Facebook page for some fun pictures of Halloweens past, and be sure to come see our staff in costume this Saturday!
Pussy weed n weed lol
Any live feeds for the ireland match? Can't find it in the U.S ffs....:(
GO BIG BLUE!
VERY Nice Meredith!!! KUDOS!!!
Thanks to for introducing me to the awesomeness that is Zotero!!
Mizzou's lack of a #buzzerbeater means Norfolk St is a
14. And we won't mention how old I am now. Let's just say I've been training awhile.
Hey Ellen, how many trees does it need to be. For you to call it a forest? Hope you can help me with this ☺
love u too boo! Gotta look out for da hometeam!
Who to cheer for on this one or I don't care for either of them.
Watching family guy.
oh yea couldnt forget you;D!
Reading with Andrea White and illustrator Bill Megenhadt at 2pm at the small children's tent.
Synchronicity in hyflex design is a challenge or an opportunity - a crisitunity!!
is Sarah's family from Nebraska, I was thinking it would be Wyoming.
three way with lol
Shouldn't you all be entertaining me? Or, alternatively, fucking me?
awesome! If they set up accounts let everyone know so we can follow them...
for the 200th time this year....trading Kane.
Put those St. Patty's day "kiss me I'm Irish" t-shirts away and put on your "kiss the cook" aprons it's Cinco De Mayo fiesta time!
THANK YOU MALCOLM GLADWELL.
Omg worst day ever. Someone save me and take me home please
Um I'm waking up in about 7 hours..I should probably get some sleep.
you are a Stl blockhead! Me too! :)
Being home from work isn't enjoyable when you're sick and can't do anything fun :/
nice, but was hoping for steak and kidney with follow up photos.
mothers are lovely, aren't they?
I guess I don't have an easy way of winning your eternal love; I have no idea what that's from. So... do tell.
dm we have a way to dramatically improve Edu pArticularly remote students and Are trying to move HQ to TX. Can you help?
congrats on the gig duder!
“: Admit it. You care about too many people who would never care about you.”
There ain't nothing like a fat girl in a one piece swim suit.
happy birthday!
FLORIDA GATORS BITCH!!!!!!!!! WOOHOOOO!!!!!!! (: GATORS. ALL THE DAMN WAY. GET DOWN BAMA
Loves nights like these.
changed my username back. i wasnt feeling the new one :))))
Player torching the Lakers? Just put Kobe on em.
yes, we CLA types do like to ramble on..
can't wait :) when do you come back down? And it's almost your birthday <3
God made this whole world round, and maybe it's that way so the paths that we go down will meet again someday.
Attended cousin's wedding this afternoon. Thankfully there was an indoor backup plan. You just can't count on Pennsylvania weather!
A civilized man doesn't buy alcohol in bottles any less than a fifth or more than a liter.
Skip school and be in a music video, or go to school and sit through an AP class? Hm. Such a difficult decision.
I don't get nervous if I'm surrounded by beautiful women. I know they're all too busy hating each other to notice me.
chocolate cheerios
aye bro did u schedule it placement test
Seems too good to be true RT : “: Eagles huge get by trading for Texans LB DeMeco Ryans.” Your thoughts, ?
Join Help local women meet basic hygiene needs. See flyer
oh yeah, we forgot to mention #SUPPORTBLACKBUSINESSES ah, well, no we didn't. We just wanted to say it again. :-P
Henry Rollins has a show? On nat geo!? Pretty cool.
the weather doesnt help me...
people who steal stuff suck.
' Webster Lewin () moderating a panel this afternoon on location based marketing at DMA 2011 COnference in Boston.
"I called you twice and texted you".
RT : Check out how I incorporated my very summery sunnies into my outfit on today's blog post...
Ya nigga wanna fuck me...=D I think we're gonna!!!! #WellDamnGucci lol
omg YES!! chicken parm calzone for dinner!
I aint saying that she dont love you, but i dont think she love you like i do.
good luck :)
Looking to my PLN for resources on Webb's Depth of Knowledge.
o i get that one every day of my life "YOU'RE NOT GETTING INTO COLLEGE OR A JOB IF YOU KEEP BREATHING" osorry
In every cinema, there's always that awkward couple kissing in the corner and I'm just there like "uhm.. i like my popcorn."
It's really hard to make a decision when you're too tired to hold on and too in love to let go..
whats up man
I want to do a reverse morman
100 points to you.
Hello Sagira, Thanks for following me on Twitter.
Now, of course, there's shipping and handling, too
Spurs v. Warriors... The Warriors ave 107.9 points at home. The Spurs have lost 3 straight when allowing 100 pts or more.
Happy Monday!! What dance did you see and/or do this past weekend? Did you take a class, rehearse, perform, see a show? Let us know :-)
It is HOT in Boston!! It is perfect weather for frozen cocktails!! Come try one at Tia's
RT : happy B Day!!!!! You got a whole new life to live!! Enjoy it
Thank you media for regularly pointing out Chen #Guangcheng is blind, otherwise I would have assumed he was some kind of hipster douche.
Happy Early Birthday! “: starting my birthday weekend off right! going to see and with :)”
Now head on over to Old Town ;)
Don't be sorry about anything! You rocked that last minute of last night's game :) GO #BULLS!
I am pushing to get the book, The Dutch Ship Brederode 1644-1658 reformatted and corrected. I am talking with an ebook publisher.
I'll tell you, I just can't wait for Apple's education announcement next week, even if it's already after everyone's semesters have started.
That was a Devil Wears Prada reference, and I will spend tomorrow undercover(s).
I think that cleanse will help! We just need to find one more person.
There's a direct correlation between the rising food costs and energy costs. Let's move forward and sustain
In Propria Persona => In his or her own person
Why does she act so salty all the time now? She used to be my fave real housewife. You know who I'm talking about.
Like every friday, #FF me first and I will #FF you back.
Some girl named Lucy just introduced herself by saying "My name is Lucy" and I chuckled.
can u please follow me on instagram?! My username is iluvya_nojoke!
I will do the Nationals, I agree- good idea. Thanks for sending out my link!
Serb/Croation division brought up over deleting FB comments? Really?
In Santa Anita's 1st, trains three runners including two first timers. I like #3 Castaway -- ridden by
Nice. Maybe we could schedule lunch/coffee/beer?
nice first pitch at tonight's Mets game. Lots of Mets and Yankees fans there...but all were Giants fans!!
can you say bye-bye Heath Bell?!! I can see him moving on soon...at least he's going to the Rangers...csb
have fun with them ;) and make sure to give them back tomorrow :)
Oh nothing
omg me too! olalala ;)
My mom just told me that you're my real father.
thank you
She's a Non-Mthfukn factor...gn Eve
I'm afraid we don't have 2009 calendars anymore, sorry!
Morning: Part 2. I feel much heavier now.
Vincent is going to see all this shit, thats sad. I SWEAR I HATE SOME OF YOU
Ok, well I hope your evening gets better. Sending you a big hug (((((( HUG)))))))
You forgot to list The West Wing this morning as one of the top five tv shows!
Great! Look forward to it!
why is #walkingdead so damn addicting
you coming to Indy for SB? Want to try curling if so?
did i say something way too honest that made you run and hide like a scared little boy?
not usually my first location for custserv though
Lawl RT ": it's the dudes who never got hoes to begin with that got these spare tire ass bitches thinking 24's"
working on out innovating them right now.
Free webinar today, 2 pm ET. & lead discussion on real-life #libjobhunt strategies. Register now...
Sorry. I'm used to fundy's who would not care if this guy died because he wasn't trinitarian. Or listened to music with a beat.
did Ryan say hi yet?
Don cornelius? No!
#15minutes , keeps us on our toeess, (:
Omg livin that jlo did a performance with boy toy!
Sleeping all 7th period .. Waking up freezing !😪
Jones playing Beastmode today
Attnys are motioning for court to make recuse herself from case
& i just stalked you :)))
I would like to be a whisky ninja. What is my initiation?
This be that real good shit nigga I'm hi then a mufucka
I love Jane Cobb
Really surprised that Barry gave up the mount. He could have done some serious work from that position, but chose to go to side control.
Hooray for Tom Corbett for signing into law that beer distributors can be open until 9PM. None of them are near me unfortunately though :(
Hey Nick, do you have Robert Palmer's "Blues & Trouble"? If not, have an xtra copy that I'd love to give you.
Y.O.L.O is how I'm feeling
watching LOTR Fellowship on blu ray for the first time. Looks amazing. Makes me wish the Hobbit was coming out this year instead of 2013.
i want love. i miss being in love
The ft nts should be included with any version of the article, if they aren't, check the IMH website
Love it! Will be sharing that in class today.
haha got it
VERY under-prepared. I am keeping in mind that courage is not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.
Just read that Facebook is going to start launching Timeline for fan pages this month! What do you think?
. Thanks for loving my dad's poem. I will eventually publish the rest of them. Some are deeply moving! Good luck with your book.
Hello if your costumers need airport transportation send them my way I will return the favor with my costumers
Everyone have a safe st pattys night
I feel sick to my stomach thinking about those poor people in Japan...I'm praying for you Japan
Up again with the sun, off to a campaign breakfast. No, I'm not sipping fresh squeezed orange juice & reading the Ft Myers New-Press.
'America's Next Top Model': Nigel Barker Says His Firing 'Wasn't a Tyra Banks ... - Hollywood Reporter
RT : Don't let math push you away from science. You can get math along the way. (EO Wilson being quoted) YES!
LOL RT Who gets custody of Willow's hair?
NBC yet to show hit. Suspension worthy?
FEMALE MODELS: If you can use some FREE PROMOTION for urself as a model to let ppl know about ur work, holla bk.. SERIOUS INQUIRIES ONLY...
Why is the schedule different ? I wasn't at school today .. I probably missed everything ._.
Call Now for a Complimentary Consultation (800) 810-1580!
Ravens Sunday= Free Sonic Purple Slushes> Just ask> Limit 1, No other discounts>valid today@ 8212 Liberty Rd>Try the new $1.99 toaster melts
At home:)
Can I get a refill. :-)
Now that would just be disgusting, even if I liked bacon hahhahaha
“: I love meeting people who are badass to smoke with.” Ello!!!
Hm i do wonder...
*poker face* Who are you? RT : *bend and snap*
fun! Did I miss the setting of a date?
Skills® Launches a Tool to Combat Challenging Behavior in Children with Autism - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Also I just got to see , and FINALLY meet spike...who should really have his own twitter account. <3
Unless you were trying to fix the toaster. My Maw made me buy her a new toaster, as well as a new fork.
you go to vsu?
Hang tough, Maria! :)
You can do anything you put your mind to.
You need a cat. :/
thx for killer IT'S CASUAL w/ preview in for show Fri 5/4 hardcore, metal, mayhem, loudness
well I'm prayin she sends it fast!
hugs...from Florida
Good morning. Happy Easter!
things are always easier said than done :/
I'm not saying it's right but I definitely understand why some animals eat their young.
my best friend was killing it in the basketball game 2 day!!!!!! Ayyyeee!! Gold 4 the girls, black for the boys!!
You find out who your friends are...
Finally home after a long week. My baby girl is so strong. So proud of her.
so a lion not a crab?
#usbank loss draft department employees need to learn to say: "M'am, I am so sorry. I will make sure this gets done." Period.
Arabic numerals are not really Arabic; they were created in India.
Might actually get cards out before christmas!
Have we mentioned lately how much the First Person Plural Reading Series in Harlem hearts ?
Lol RT : #ThatMomentWhen I know it's definitely not my ringtone, but I'm going to check my phone anyway.
The ones who supposed to be your niggaz really don't give a fuck about you.
on what thing?
Lol I'm so bitchy when I'm tired. I'm really not that mad, guys. I think it's nap time until brings me food home for lunch.
Two shows tomorrow in boston. Come. 1st at Mcgann's for a day show, then Allston for a basement show. get in contact for details
prelim #adjunct data crunching: 15% unionized. AFT most common, but only represents 1%.
It's my personal paper score. Is there anything specific you need?
Heading back from Mets victory.
done. Please follow me Zayn
#SAD will never be the same RIP MCA :( RT #BeastieBoys co-founder Adam Yauch has died; was in cancer treatment since '09
NEW SONGS, GO CHECK EM OUT.
Great Black Friday Deals! See our Shop!
Rewriting an old(er) piano piece for orchestra; it's becoming a completely different kind of piece.
LOL. It is! XD That was the song me and her were obsessed with for like forever.
Support the new artist ... check out (Mackeehan) songs on YouTube.
Charlie Sheen is the only choice to play Coach Cal in a movie!
I have nothing to say to you.
Happy Friday! "Anything is possible. Anything can be." ~ Shel Silverstein
you're welcome!! :)
Perfect day to go to the lake. Wish I had some more money to go.
who doesn't? It's rent free at least.. I miss you too, GET TO SEE YOU IN ABOUT 33 HOURS!
Oh I hit 2000 followers! Coolio! G'night from Nashville!
Even Though I Feel Like Caca, I Wanna Wish Everyone A Good Morning! 😊☀
RT : I want to live on whatever amazing, soul-filled, beautiful planet Adele is from. I'm pretty sure it's not this one
Happy new year everyone!!
and and umm I love to txt and make friends
Mike!!! You are here! Can u connect on Monday or Tuesday starting a new project in gramercy will be in the city
Great run with SDR at Mission bay tonight. Tuesday night group is the best.
thanks for following :)
Wondering why Steve Jobs' perfectionism never reached the web store scalability team
I think I'm feeling a new ring tone<3(;
Great Stuff !
I kinda want to Sunday Funday but I kinda want to just lay in my bed... But what I need to do is study:(
Bike ride with the sister.
Hey , go get it! RT Looks like the Harper HR ball is still sitting out there in the grass batter's eye.
Brett Favre is a legendary no BS kind of guy and a Hall of Famer!
Let's slip on out where it's a little bit darker, and when it gets a little bit hotter, we'll take it off on out in the water 🎶
It's here! Holy cow! The first NYC is here! Happy Earth Day weekend, world!
you are my hero... come to sacramento so we can practice some magic!
A quad-core Windows 8 laptop more ultra than an ultrabook?: Imagine a quad-core Windows 8 laptop as light as a tablet. Enticing -- bu...
NCAA tourney games on Does the NCCA know does not have HD? I can't watch basketball in SD. First world pains are horrible.
Orioles better resign Adam Jones ASAP . That was a shot
You know i keep alot to myself.well not alot just 1 subject thats very dear and near.
What's your Tumblr URL?
Four shots of Jameson at 8am. It must be a flight day. Snowing in Bham. Hopefully flight is not delayed...I will have to drink more.
Do you prefer Margret or Satan's mistress?
At #smcsea, throws up a full slide photo of looking good as usual.
#lovenhiphop they al bad. Straight up
do u have vacuum envy?
no dm me ok
Why why why are some people so cute??? Ugh.
Lol my house light way smackin
we love you here!!!! you should come to new jersey!
I want to talk to my twin!
Word RT : There's a difference between giving up & knowing when you've had enough.
Thanks for coming by! RT : Woot!
dude I left already
Playign at Silver Star in Alvarado, TX tonight! One of our favorite dancehalls to play. Woo Hooo!
Why can't the womens team unload a trailer by themselves? Simple: they aren't boatmovers.
i miss you so bad, i miss you so bad, i miss you so so bad
today must not be my day I have been messing up all day long
Dam la is hot loving it
Shit...even talking at the speed i'm going, my speech is still gonna run the full 9 minutes I think :O....
#OneThingILove being a part of #SteelerNation =]
Farewell 2011, I am free. Welcome streams of sweet dreams that settle over me. <3
tHOREAU nOT oPEN sO i gOTTA wATCH Mi sISTER
I don't need to see the Pop Chips commercial to know that white ppl impersonating Indian ppl is the new black ppl impersonating white ppl
I'm aware, I love you too Big Willy.
Nice to have you back in town!
Worst job of my freaking life. Holy crap.
Figured out that I now go up and down seven flights of stairs 4x/week in addition to walking with my normal #commute. Not joining a
Art is great for the heart and soul!
Yes, the Eyebrow Bar at Chandler Mall RT did you have an eyebrow threader in AZ?
I saw some on ebay you can bid on that matches your description.
Come on, Joe...lyrics ARE real life!
which #METgala looks did you guys like best?
It's probably what's best for you, I only want the best for you, and if I'm not the best then you're stuck.
Natalie was going on a killing rampage
Dude since you have nothing to do we can hang out! Kay? Kay sounds good.
which games are you playing these days?
waking up with so many knots to untangle in the morning
you're shitting me...were those really their names? Hahaha
RT : Q4) How can you use social more to improve your own learning?
I dream about you at night, and now our paths are about to cross again....Glazed Pork Belly at Redd here we come! You don't stand a chance!
Cant deal with this game. Really dont want game 7
Oh crap. French quiz. X
ikr...u see im gaining followers!! hurray for me lol...u cool aswell!! i be on here cracking up....holla back...
"If you think you are leading and turn around to see no one following, then you are just taking a walk"
I love playoff hockey. [oh i apologize, people have said this before? yes, because it is that awesome]
Awww, that's really nice. Will retweet.
lol. Somebody at the D1 level better be scooping up my boy Buckets soon.
i'm now determined to listen to more of kelly clarkson's music! "the sun will rise" is my new favorite :)
Hey, girls on bikes. You're just great.
One year exactly since you broke my heart you insensitive little prick. I'm so glad i'm done with all that shit
Beautiful Day Here in Miami!!! Heading to work!!!
Friday Happy Hour at the GOLD CLUB from 4 to 8 grab 2for1 drinks from the bar and 50cent wings from the kitchen!
What contemptible scoundrel has stolen the cork to my lunch?
I was screaming that when I read it for some reason.
I'm so mad all world playing online and we have shit hole sites like a Cake
Please RT: Board positions available for this year's show. for more information.
And just for fun one last time , #newnordstrom green
Yayyyyy so happy
Don't pull away and lock myself away
So no zombies and they are still on the farm. Okay I am done with this show. So much promise. What a disappointment.
- Then A Bird Hit The Window & Scared The S* Outta Me . . i Took That As A Sign .
I gotta keep it moving and NEVER look back the pass needs to stay in the PASS.
#ACMawards Loved performance and dress and shows I just love her
Polyphony H.S. loves you! Thanks for all you do for young writers!
I Am The Future Of The Retro.
KMT got like 7 tracks lined up for us... we wanna get at least 12 strong songs together. Bring It!!
Done! I'll try to work some of ur info into our social media posts to help support your efforts. Thx for your great work!
There is nothing more honest than music- you can't hide who you are with her- can never deceive- only believe. It is who you are.
that is so fucking creepy.
My song "Shawn K Dope" is probably one of my top 3 best songs. Lyrics and flow were are point and the voice was found haha
I understand why they played that for Natalie Portman's entrance but wow, talk about ominous.
Loved the Columbia Heights Farmers Market this morning! Kudos to - best in the city!
He's got a head of fiery hair and a turbo-charged backpack...
haha, we're getting beers asap!
soccer games, farmers market, yoga, walks with ezra, greek festival, beers...the perfect day.
you're welcome bud. Gotta look out for our followers
Getting ready for bed? Nope. Being a good friend? Yep.
The only reason I'm going to school today is to max lol
#Cowboys score early in the first but since then has been a battle of field position. #Jets can't seem to get it going on offense
The Bascom Group Pays $20M for Repositioned Apartment
in Pioneertown, CA would make a perfect setting for this tour.
Just met top officials at US Securities & Exchange Commission in DC to demand disclosure of corp. election spending. Must keep up the heat!
Why did Bard not start the 8th?? The lead was only 2 runs....Tito blew this game.such a momentum killer for the win streak
spain WILL get it, you guys just have to be a little patient so we can fix the language :)
Can't wait in march to have you baby
Grad school application officially submitted! Keeping my fingers crossed.....
Exhausted from the #FILEX weekend.Said goodbye.Can't think of a better time to check out #Titanic on the biggest movie screen in the world!
srry I haven't been writing the story
#marrythenight oh my freaking god!!! im in awe loved it just wow.
Good news, 2012 Fringe & 24 Hour Festival is a go for the Fall. More details soon.
ewwwieee. So you're a freshman?
Just saw and thought it was . I was like dude, does he ever.
If someone says "pathological liar" and you then assume you're being talked about.....well
Feels like I've been waiting 2 deplane since the Regan era. Why can't planes flip open like a Delorian so we exit by row?
Are you serious.... Dumbass ppl these days...
Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there. - Zig Ziglar
Wow, That lady at #DELs restaurant was a nut-case wasnt she! Love your show
Tune in to and tomorrow 5-7am for live preview, including performances by !
Back from Mexico!
#3WordsForYou You're pretty cute
Slap "Mike The Incident"
you too!!!
Just watched this. Great video but not sure what I think just yet.
Oh, I see. Jared Teter lol.
Packing for the move!!!
No pre Concussion tests can prevent brain injuries in football. Only preventing the behavior that causes concussions can.
I'm like a strategic sniper...inserting creativity from the bushes...
happy birthday
in my perfect world, train travelers who start their phone convo with "I'm on the train" would be thrown off it.
Great! If you get a chance, stop by the ticket office and say hi! Happy Holidays!
Such a lazy day
RETWEET if you can't sleep -_-
But today really is a bad hair day lol
If you see your boyfriend or girlfriend at least once a week, I don't want to hear anything about how much you miss them. Fuck off.
Will be taking advantage of the bus system tonite for
we have sod too! Cut fresh daily.
I would love that! Thanks so much for all your support!
Dear god help us and save us, KSu and NLG make up the whole damned section of GH in SID. I can't even. .__.
Olive Garden for the first time since 8th grade prom <3
Thank you for asking. My son's prom was great...the pre-prom photo op-memorable. Check Facebook. See you at
why can't I ever be as popular as you?
I agree with you.
I'm trying to remember when it was - early 00's?. It was fantastic. You could play until you got a ? wrong, getting $.5 each time
I despise PHX... how the f*ck is this game tied.
bro, do i kno yu by chance ?
Our purpose is to work His purpose, not our own.
go head and @ it at amfi to
I'm on a Red Line train now. They said someone was down on the tracks.
Remember when Uncle Jesse's Greek relative died in Full House? Random thought. In other news Seinfeld commercial was of course great
Met today at Think Big Baltimore #tbb; great advice, simplified. Kudos 2 my fellow UMBC alum! blog: www.TheVictoryCircle.tk
nun what about you
Love y'all too! 
Stay tuned to our weekly video update!
Been spendin' all my life livin' in the hipsters paradise... -_- My dad loves that place. He thinks it's #Coolio. =)
"A pen is mightier then a sword as a sword may only take life while a pen can change the world."
Guns N' Roses has been nominated for the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame. I think this is the first time they've been nominated.
Tmac actually dunked on somebody
Beale St Memphis = crazy
“: Let's all make a fuss about Dwight Howard, the guy who's pushing to get traded from a 28-16 team to a 15-29 team.” THIS
Doing some heavy duty writing, stuffs sounding so amazing! :)
Yes... If friends can't be honest w/ each other no one else will...love yall!!
i just got done carving my pumpkin...
that's what I'm saying, I asked my mom not to go to work this weekend bc of that
y is what?
I like the temperature, but not the rain.
"Besides conferences and email lists, the Internet Marketing underground is held together by a weird fascination with video."
no survivor... no Amazing Race ... boring summer.
Off soon to Facets Multimedia for free screening of imprisoned Iranian director Jafar Pahani's film The Circle.
When life gives you lemons, tell your friend to eat them just to see their face.
well done!
why is this a discussion?! One could say why aren't there any Hispanic, Asian or any other nationality as a head coach
Missing someone hurts, but knowing that they don't miss you hurts even more. RT
Awed at the ignorance of ur callers. $16trillion in taxes?? REALLY? Sometimes cspan ought to ask callers to pass a competency test
I stay up late every night and realize it's a bad idea every morning!
lmfao I most likely will
putting together recipes & homemaking tips for a surprise little wedding shower lunch at work this week. Got any gr8 tips to share?
"the grass is only greener on the other side because you haven't watered the grass you're standing on"
Tonight! Moon Nightclub Presents LIL JON in a very special DJ set!
Charla (my wife) helped push a stalled DC police car out of a busy intersection. I'm impressed.
ok..well a new version is due out soon which i think will fix that :)
yes pls! When's the next open mike you are doing?
Its always one ugly nigga in the barber shop that got a ugly laugh
Oh boy, Rick. "Ops"
During research for a sketch, I found myself reading Situation quotes. Taking a break to wonder exactly when my life went completely wrong.
We can always send more bacon roses?! Hee Hee...
lol yes I am! Are you from Omaha?
I thought was Puerto Rican.
